===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Kayla, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Dan Guffey, VP of Finance, Investor Relations and Treasurer. You may begin.
Dan Guffey: Thank you, Kayla. Good morning, and thank you for joining Coterra Energy's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Today's prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, Chairman, CEO and President; Shane Young, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Blake Sirgo, Senior Vice President of Operations; Michael Deshazer, Senior Vice President of Business units is also in the room. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session. As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation, both of which can be found on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Dan, and thank you for all of you who are joining us on this call. Coterra had an excellent first quarter. We delivered oil production near the high end of our guidance and natural gas production that exceeded the high end of our guidance. CapEx came in near the low end of our guidance. Furthermore, we generated excellent financial results, returned a substantial portion of our free cash to our owners and retired $250 million of our term loans. We closed on the Franklin Mountain and Avant acquisitions and immediately launched into the job of integrating these high-quality assets into our operations. We are pleased to report that we have identified and captured significant operational efficiencies and are bringing these new assets into emissions performance consistent with Cote standards and have seen well performance on recent flowbacks that exceeds our expectations. Shane and Blake will provide more detail on our financial and operational results and outlook. We hope that you will note that the opening slide in our updated investor deck discusses who is Coterra and why own Coterra. We think that the recent volatility in the commodity markets, uncertainty over the impact of tariffs and fears of recession strengthened the core thesis of Why Coterra. Simply put, we were built for this. Coterra is an arc, not a party boat. Our diversified revenue, low-cost oil and natural gas supply technology-driven organization, economic focus and financial discipline make us tailor made to ride out this storm and thrive in it. Slide 4 in our deck illustrates the resiliency of our cash flow under various oil and natural gas price scenarios. None of us can predict the future. Nonetheless, Coterra is a company that can generate significant free cash flow through the cycles, generate outstanding returns and modest growth with a low reinvestment rate and maintain a pristine balance sheet. This is a testament to our organization, our assets and our culture. Why Coterra, the question answers itself in times like these. Commodity downdrafts are a part of our business. They do not come pre-labeled with how long they will last nor how severe they will be. Our experience tells us that in times like these, it is better to err on the side of caution. We have more concern regarding the oil outlook rather than the outlook for natural gas. Consequently, we are modestly pulling back some activity in the Permian Basin and incrementally adding activity in the Marcellus Shale. In aggregate, these moves will reduce our projected 2025 CapEx by $100 million. We have plans on the shelf to make further moves up or down if we see material changes in our outlook. Our team continues to put tremendous effort into planned iterations, and we are ready for a wide range of potential scenarios. In particular, the net $100 million reduction in 2025 CapEx is a combination of $150 million of reductions in the Permian, coupled with $50 million of increases in the Marcellus. We have contingency plans that would allow us to make additional cuts from the Permian if oil prices continue to weaken. We could redeploy to highly profitable gas opportunities, advanced debt retirement, pursue opportunistic buybacks or bank the savings. Shane will comment further on this. We have described our approach to capital allocation and planning as the difference between a rifle shot and the guided missile. Once the trigger is pulled, the rifle shot is unchangeable. The guided missile can be adjusted and repositioned along the way. In the case of our current macro environment, we not only have a guided missile, but we have a moving and unpredictable target. This screams for flexibility with low cost of supply, oil and natural gas assets robust drilling returns, few long-term vendor commitments and a culture that is adaptive, we will guide our way through 2025 and beyond. We are committed to debt reduction in 2025, particularly pertaining to the $1 billion term loan that we executed in conjunction with our recent acquisition. As we have said, we never lose a moment sleep worrying about our debt being too low. We have seen our peers go through existential crises during significant downdrafts, and we are committed to make sure that Coterra can sell through any storm and emerge stronger because of it. Finally, I want to make a few remarks about our recently completed Windham Row project. To recap, the Windham Row infill project contains 73 total wells, 51 Wolfcamp wells and 22 Harkey wells. Our results on the Wolfcamp wells have been outstanding. While completing the Harkey wells, however, we noticed abnormally high water production on a handful of wells. We have strong evidence to suggest that this is due to behind pipe water flow from shallower zones. We have drilled Harkey wells throughout our assets in New Mexico and Texas and have only observed this phenomenon in the eastern portion of our Culberson County acreage blocks. It is not a reservoir nor a spacing issue. This is also not a co-development or overfill issue. The evidence points to this being a near wellbore mechanical issue. We think that it is fixable, and we have well remediation solutions underway. We are very encouraged by the results that we have seen thus far. While we work through wellbore remediation, we are pausing Harkey development in this local area. It doesn't make any sense for us to continue to drill and complete Harkey wells in this immediate area until we are fully satisfied that we have solved the issue. We expect to correct the issue during the second quarter and restore these Harkey wells to production. We believe the go-forward production forecast for the affected wells is conservative, providing potential upside for the remainder of the year. With this pause in local Harkey development, we are pivoting to our highly productive Wolfcamp. Ironically, this will increase our capital efficiency. Our full year production guide remains unchanged with our capital guide decreasing slightly. We have never managed our company with short-term production goals. We focus on full cycle value creation underwritten by sound science, objective data and tough and disciplined decision-making. This is the winning formula for long-term value creation. With that, I'll turn the call over to Shane and Blake to discuss our results and outlook in greater detail.
Shane Young: Thank you, Tom, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today on this morning's call. Today, I'd like to cover 3 topics. First, I'll summarize the highlights of our first quarter financial results. Then I'll provide an update on our guidance, including the second quarter as well as the full year 2025. Finally, I'll provide an update on our balance sheet and cash flow priorities for the remainder of the year. Turning to our strong performance during the first quarter. The first quarter's performance included just over 2 months of results from our recently acquired assets from Franklin Mountain and Avant. We are pleased with the rapid integration of these assets and their contributions have been in line to slightly better than our expectations. During the first quarter, Coterra's oil production came in about 2% above the midpoint of our guidance, with BOEs near and natural gas above the high end of the guidance ranges. Net turn in lines during the quarter were 37 in the Permian, below the guidance midpoint of 40, and the Marcellus was at zero as expected. Free hedge revenues came in at $2 billion, up from $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024. A 45% -- and 45% of revenues came from natural gas, up significantly from prior quarter due to the strong production and a 64% increase in natural gas price realizations. Cash operating cost per unit totaled $9.97 per BOE, inclusive of about $0.21 per BOE of nonrecurring costs related to the transaction. We reported net income of $516 million or $0.68 per share and adjusted net income of $608 million or $0.80 per share. Incurred capital expenditures in the first quarter were 4% below the midpoint of our guidance range with lower-than-expected drilling and midstream costs. Discretionary cash flow for the quarter was $1.135 billion, up significantly from $776 million in the prior quarter and free cash flow of $663 million after cash capital expenditures. Looking ahead to the second quarter and full year 2025. Second quarter results will reflect a full quarter's contribution from the recent acquisitions. During the second quarter of 2025, we expect total production to average between 710 and 760 MBoe per day. Oil is expected to be between 147 and 157 MBoe per day and natural gas is expected to be between 2.7 and 2.85 Bcf per day. These guidance ranges reflect updates in the Culberson, Harkey program. Including the deferment of a few projects as we begin to shift to additional Upper Wolfcamp development in Culberson Cap. The net result of these changes is a reduction in oil production by approximately 5,000 barrels per day in the second quarter relative to our February expectations. Despite these second quarter changes, we are maintaining the midpoint of our 2025 annual oil production guidance. In the second quarter, we expect incurred capital to be between $575 million and $650 million, which should be the highest quarter for the year as we will have increased sales in all 3 business units. Coterra was built to respond to market signals, and we have both the ability and willingness to adapt to changing conditions. For the full year 2025, we are optimizing our investment allocation while lowering the capital range by $100 million. We now expect incurred capital to be between $2 billion and $2.3 billion for the year, an over 4% reduction from February guidance. Given the continued constructive outlook for natural gas, we are maintaining the second rig in the Marcellus into the second half of 2025. As previously noted, this adds $50 million to the 2025 program. Should we choose to keep the second rig working for the full year, this could result in an incremental $50 million added to the program late in 2025, while still staying within our revised guidance range. In addition, due to softness in crude pricing, we are slowing development and reducing Permian activity by $150 million. If warranted, we have the flexibility to make additional adjustments do our investments later in the year that would take total investments towards the lower end of our guidance range. For 2025, while lowering capital, we are maintaining our oil midpoint guidance and increasing the midpoint of production guidance for MBoes and natural gas, which highlights the capital efficiency of our diverse drilling opportunities. Simultaneously, we are tightening the range for MBoes oil and natural gas. And BOEs are now expected to be between 720 and 770 MBoe per day for the year. Oil is expected to be between 155 and 165 MBoe per day for the year with significant increases in each subsequent quarter. Natural gas is expected to be between 2.725 Bcf and 2.875 Bcf per day, delivering over 1 Tcf of gas on an annualized basis and providing significant leverage to higher natural gas prices. Having only a partial full quarter contribution from the new Permian assets impacts full year 2025 production by a little over 4 MBoe per day relative to the transactions had closed on January 1, 2025. In this environment, the benefits of our diverse and balanced commodity mix become increasingly evident. On Page 4 of the new slide deck we published last night, we illustrate the durability of our free cash flow across multiple commodity price files. Coterra is positioned to thrive and maintain a reinvestment rate of around 50% of cash flow in a variety of commodity price scenarios and ranges of oil to gas price ratios. Regarding our 3-year outlook, we maintain our conviction in our ability to deliver consistent, profitable growth to our shareholders. As we've stated before, our deep project inventory can deliver 5% or greater oil volume growth and 0.5% BOE growth over this period by investing between $2.1 billion and $2.4 billion of capital per year. If we choose to do so, even with the changes to our 2025 that we announced today. These growth rates like legacy Coterra organic growth in 2025 and include our recent acquisitions for 2026 and 2027 growth. This outlook delivers increasing capital efficiency and is designed to afford Coterra the flexibility to reallocate capital between our business units as market conditions change. We believe this outlook has an attractive, repeatable level of reinvestment and generates meaningful free cash flow to underpin both our shareholder returns and our deleveraging goals. Turning to shareholder returns on the balance sheet. Yesterday, we announced a $0.22 per share dividend for the quarter. This remains one of the highest yielding base dividends in the industry at over 3.4% and we remain committed to reviewing increasing the base dividend on an annual cadence. During the first quarter, we repaid $250 million of our outstanding term loans that were used as part of the financing of our recent acquisitions. We ended the quarter with an undrawn $2 billion credit facility and a cash balance of $186 million for total liquidity of $2.2 billion. We expect to continue to prioritize deleveraging. And in the current environment, we expect to fully repay our $1 billion term loan during 2025. As a result, and as previously noted, share repurchases will be back-end weighted in the second half of 2025. We are focused on quickly getting our leverage back to home to around 0.5x net debt-to-EBITDA. Coterra is committed to maintaining a fortress balance sheet that is strong in all phases of the commodity cycles, enables us to take advantage of market opportunities and protects our shareholder return goals. In summary, Coterra's team delivered a quarter of high-quality results, both operationally and financially and across all 3 business units. These results show that we've hit the ground running in 2025. For the remainder of the year, we expect strong quarterly oil production increases substantial free cash flow generation and rapid deleveraging. With that, I'll hand the call over to Blake to provide additional color and details on our operations. Blake?
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Shane. The first quarter of 2025 was marked by the integration of our new Delaware assets into our Permian operations program. Our teams have been hard at work, applying our best practices to these assets, and we are already seeing wins in the field. Our D&C team has been able to lower our dollar per foot by 10% from the previous operators by bringing our program efficiencies to bear. Initial productivity from these new assets is beating our expectations, and we are iterating on well spacing and frac design to further improve capital efficiency. Our production and midstream teams are focused on minimizing downtime and as such, have realized a substantial drop in flared volumes across the assets. We also see significant opportunities to optimize the infrastructure and midstream assets across our Northern Delaware position. Our updated Permian plan calls for a reduction in activity as we respond to headwinds in the oil market. We now plan to run 7 rigs in the second half of 2025, down from our original guidance of 10 rigs. These changes in activity reduced CapEx in the Permian by $150 million. We maintained significant flexibility across our rig and frac fleets and have additional off ramps available to us throughout the year. In Culberson County, we have finished completing our Windham Row Harkey wells. As Tom mentioned, we have encountered some mechanical issues on Windham Row, resulting in mixed results for our Harkey wells. We have collected data that indicates a lack of adequate cement on certain wellbores, which has allowed water from our shallow disposal zone to find its way into portions of the Upper Bone Spring interval. This has led to increased water production on roughly half of our Harkey wells on Windham Row. It made it difficult for the affected wells to draw down reservoir pressure and produce the expected oil volume. We have kicked off a workover program to remediate these wells, and our early results are encouraging. This remediation campaign will continue over the next several months, and we will be closely monitoring the production response from these wells. While we are working through these remediation efforts, we will focus our row developments on the Upper Wolfcamp. The 51 Upper Wolfcamp wells brought on in Windham Row look very strong and continue to meet or exceed expectations. Our Permian team's ability to quickly adjust to the Upper Wolfcamp and continue our efficient operations is commendable. Their great work has allowed us to maintain our full year 2025 oil guide and improve our capital efficiency. Importantly, we expect the efficiency gains captured on Windham Row will continue on future developments. In our next 2 row developments in Culberson, the Barba Row and Bowler Row, we will focus on Upper Wolfcamp development, which has been the bread and butter of our Culberson project over the last decade. We expect no change to spacing or productivity in our Wolfcamp program. As you can see in our investor deck, by shifting more capital to the Upper Wolfcamp, our Permian asset productivity is expected to increase in 2025 and over the next few years. Coupling this increased productivity with lower capital spend, we are seeing improving capital efficiency. Switching to our natural gas assets. Cote is happy to be back to work in the Marcellus with 2 rigs that began drilling in April and the recent completion of our Jeffers Farm project. Gas macro conditions and Northeast storage volumes continue to support a robust 2025 and 2026 strip. And as such, we are electing to add $50 million to the Marcellus program. Should conditions warrant, we hold a second on-ramp option later this year that could add an incremental $50 million to the program? Our Marcellus team continues to improve capital efficiency with our full year 2025 Marcellus dollar per foot expected to come in at $800 per foot, a 22% reduction from 2024. This improved cost structure comes on the back of a 4-mile lateral program as well as reduced D&C service costs and water transfer costs. This plan picks up a frac crew later in 2025 and allows us to complete several great projects just in time for winter '25 and into '26. In the Anadarko, we are executing on a strong 2025 program with a competitive cost structure and new 3-mile projects. Strong well performance and lower costs, paired with a premium local gas market are continuing to make this asset an attractive place for Coterra to invest. We are excited to report that we have begun flowing back one of the largest natural gas developments in the Anadarko and expect to discuss results later this year. Coterra has an organization, asset portfolio and balance sheet that is positioned for success in periods of volatility. Our ability to redirect capital and optimize for the current environment is a key strength of the company. Our teams remain as focused as ever. We are executing on our new assets in the Permian while improving their capital efficiency. We are reducing and reallocating activity in response to pressures in the crude market and taking advantage of structural natural gas macro tailwinds. We will remain nimble and focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it back to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, and we're delighted to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Wolfe Research.
Doug Leggate: Obviously, there's a lot of attention on this Harkey shale issue. So I think, Blake, you've given a fairly thorough explanation as to what happened, but I just want to put a bow on this. So basically, this was a cementing issue. It sounds like -- that sounds like it's temporary. It doesn't sound like it's getting any read through, but what does it mean for your view of inventory debts as you think about your future development plans. My follow-up is on the change. Obviously, the change in activity is somewhat transitory, I guess, given everything that's going on. But you did just lay out a 3-year plan a couple of months ago, that laid out sort of 5-plus percent oil growth. So I'm curious how does the thinking on that change and the associated capital that goes along with it? And I'll leave it there.
Tom Jorden: Yes, Doug, I'm going to start it and then Blake will add any comments. A lot of elements to that question. I'll take them in reverse order. Our 3-year plan is intact. We don't see any meaningful change to our 3-year plan. I'll also say we don't think this impacts our long-term inventory. We think this is a local mechanical issue that's fully solvable. We have a couple of remediation steps underway. It's one that, as Blake said, we think is associated with some shallow saltwater disposal that is somewhat unique to the eastern Culberson County. But I'm going to just also say, Doug, we're a science-driven organization. And much as I'd love to say we walk on water, we occasionally have operational problems and when we saw this, we said, look, we need to understand this fully. And so we shut this down. While we studied it further, we ran -- we collected a lot of data, but we said we really need to understand this before we move forward with this program. We've got that data in hand. We think we understand the phenomenon. And we -- we're going to tell you what we know and tell you what we don't know. But right now, we're pretty optimistic that this is a mechanical operation that is solvable with a combination of revised pipe design and cementing program. Blake, do you want to comment on that?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I'll just say, Doug, coming into Windham Row, we had drilled and completed over 30 successful Harkey wells in Culberson County. We use the same wellbore designs and see many jobs. We always have. We thought we were well calibrated. Sometimes the oilfield still surprises us. And so that's what we're dealing with here. It's not a ubiquitous issue. We have several wells performing just fine. Our teams are hard at work solving this. We have other tools in the toolkit. We have different cement jobs. We have different wellbore designs. We're deploying all those right now. And we will figure out the optimal solution, and we will fix this, and we will move forward.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Betty Jiang with Barclays.
Betty Jiang: I appreciate all the color on Harkey earlier. But I do think it's important just to flesh out sort of the potential impact to the future development. So if you're focusing on the future roles just on Wolfcamp, are you going back to the Harkey on those roads? And does that have any impact on the mix of wells if we look out into 2026.
Tom Jorden: Yes, Betty, 2026 is a long ways away. Our expectation, I'll just say this, is that we remediate this issue and we get back to restoring our Harkey program as it was before we paused. Now we've talked in the past that we really think co-development is preferable to overfill, but the time lapse between when the Wolfcamp comes on production and when the Harkey comes on production is a critical variable. And as we currently see it, we think we'll be back to completing and drilling these Harkey wells in months, not years and that overfill effect will not be significant. So we -- this is a mechanical issue but not a strategic issue in terms of how we're going to prosecute. We don't think we've lost inventory. We think we just appropriately paused while we figured this out and come back with an approach that will allow us to develop these Harkey wells prudently, and without this water. But Blake, do you want to comment on that?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I mean I would just echo what Tom said there. I mean we think this is a prudent step to adjust our mechanical process on how we construct well bore, cement wellbores, whatever the optimal solution is. In the meantime, we'll be executing of our Wolfcamp program. We have a long history in the Upper Wolfcamp and Windham Row has been very strong, excellent performance. We expect that to continue. And meanwhile, all our row efficiencies are some fracking our electric crew, everything continues as is. So from a capital efficiency standpoint, it's actually slightly better in the near term just because of the productivity of the Upper Wolfcamp, but we are still very focused on solving the Harkey and getting back to the original program if possible in vetting that out.
Betty Jiang: I really appreciate that. And then just on the production guide, the full year guidance will imply a fairly big ramp from second quarter, maybe to the mid-170s level in 4Q. Could you just help us get more comfort on that trajectory, the timing of the wells and what type of risking is being done within that guide?
Shane Young: Yes, Betty, Shane here. I'll speak to that again. And so look, I think you're right. And these all hold together in terms of the quarterly guidance for the annual guidance, et cetera. And we do anticipate seeing substantial sequential step-ups in production through the course of the year. And if you look at the TIL guidance that we provide for the second quarter, you'll see it's meaningfully up from where we were in the first quarter, which will lead to the very strong third and fourth quarter production.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nithin Kumar with Mizuho.
Nitin Kumar: Tom, I want to start off a little bit broader. You mentioned in your opening remarks about the rifle shot and the guided missile. You and one of your peers today have cut activity in response to the current uncertainty. The current administration ran on an agenda of drill baby drill. So I'm just trying to understand, from your perspective, how long do you think this weak environment could continue between the demand that has been destroyed a little bit and then the supply that's coming on.
Tom Jorden: Is that all you?
Nitin Kumar: I just want to --
Tom Jorden: No, no. You asked, and this is not just my view, but I think the view of Coterra. I'll just say this, we're a little over 100 days into this new administration, and good lord. There's been a tremendous amount of volatility introduced. Whether we're talking about in the oil markets or tariffs in our relations around the world, all of these converge on forecast for our oil price. The President is trying to do a lot of difficult things upfront and the White House is in a hurry. And we have some sympathy for that sense of urgency. But I'll just say this, I think the White House has been fairly consistent that they want low oil prices that, that is a bit of a turbocharge to the economy, and we're expecting that to continue. We think that certainly a lot of what's going on with OPEC is perhaps all tied together in concert with what's happening in the Middle East broadly in some of these conflicts. And so we're prepared for this to last a while. We're hopeful that these tariffs get resolved and that the threat of recession is lifted. But our experience tells us that we can't run our program on hope and we better be prudent and make adjustments accordingly. The thing we're very grateful for is that this isn't a situation that shuts our capital program down. It just redirects it. And we have some really attractive gas opportunities we could pivot to. So we are battening down the hatches, expecting this to last for a while and answer to your question.
Nitin Kumar: Great. And then -- and I know it's a difficult question. My second question is around cash returns and maybe Shane can take it, but you've talked about returning at least 50% or more of free cash flow obviously, buybacks were second half weighted. You talked a little bit about the balance sheet. If commodity prices do weaken from here, how do you prioritize between buybacks and debt reduction?
Shane Young: Yes. No, I appreciate the question. And we for the plan and rolled it out back in February, we talked about sort of the ability to do it all. And since then, prices come in a little bit. And if you look at Page 10 in our deck today where we talk about free cash flow and how much it is, we still have the ability to do it all, so to speak. But to be really clear, in 2025, our priority is going to be debt repayment. And we're not going to compromise that. That doesn't mean that there's not going to be repurchases. We can be opportunistic, and we will be back-end weighted. But if you look at 2024, we returned 90% of cash flow to shareholders. '23, we returned 76% of cash flow to shareholders. Why were we able to do that? Because we had low leverage. And we believe that having low leverage is an enabler, and we're dead set focused on protecting our long-term shareholder return objectives. And we think the best way to do that is to reduce debt.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: I just wanted to get an update on the Barba Row, and how does the issues that you've experienced on the Harkey program impact the development program there. I believe the original plan was to do 20 Wolfcamp wells and 8 Harkey wells. What is the status of perhaps of those 8 ARC those in the original plan?
Michael Deshazer: Arun, it's Michael. Yes, you're correct. We have 20 Wolfcamp wells in at Harkey. We were -- we have completed 2 of the Harkey wells and there are 6 additional Harkey wells that we're going to duck currently, and we will update you on those as we move forward. But at this point, they've been removed from the current frac schedule, and we'll proceed with the Wolfcamp completions.
Tom Jorden: Yes. And I would just kind of add on to that, given the status of those, those do come back into the program, they're going to be highly capital efficient, just given that a portion of that capital has already been put into the ground.
Arun Jayaram: Got it. That's helpful. And just maybe just a thought on how does the reduction in your rig count in the Permian. How is that impacting your thoughts on the 3-year program? Obviously, as Betty mentioned, the second half run rate for oil will be higher just given the shift to the Wolfcamp from the Harkey. But how is that help us square away the reduction in CapEx on the Permian and just maintaining that 3-year program.
Tom Jorden: Yes. So I can take that. So first, we've reduced on -- in the Permian, $150 million, $120 million D&C. So it's we've gone from 10% to 7% in the second half of the year. So it does not alter the overall outlook over the 3-year window. We believe within the parameters that we've set out, which is $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion of capital over the next 3 years -- each year over the next 3 years that we still got the ability to do 5% plus oil volume growth and 0% to 5% BOE growth over that period, even with the changes that we've talked about today to the second half of 2025.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Thanks for all the color here. Tom, we've talked a lot about oil today. Just curious on your perspective on natural gas, you are taking -- starting 2 rigs here in the Marcellus. Maybe talk about what your priorities are for the Marcellus plan for the balance of the year and how that ties into your macro view for gas?
Tom Jorden: Yes. Thank you for that. I just want to remind the listeners that we produce just [indiscernible] under 3 Bcf a day of natural gas. So the increase in natural gas outlook is wonderful, but the increase in natural gas prices is a remarkable turbo charge to our cash flow and provides the kind of resilience that we've talked about. We are getting back to work in the Marcellus. We've made tremendous progress redesigning our Marcellus program. We've talked about that on past calls. But the net result is a more efficient way to handle water, the flexibility to be able to go to 0 activity or a full steam ahead, longer laterals. And it's just been a remarkable redesign that's also resulted in much lower cost structure. So go forward, I anticipate our Marcellus program to be back to a growth profile and how aggressively we grow is a function of all the moving parts that we've talked about in this call. But we are really encouraged by the economic and reservoir performance of our natural gas assets, both in the Marcellus and in the Anadarko.
Neil Mehta: And then Tom, I mean, it's been a couple of years now, but there has been discussion points about the depth natural gas portfolio as you've drilled out a lot of Northeast PA, maybe you can respond to that viewpoint about depth of inventory. Do you feel like you have the organic position that you want here now that you've done the Frankly Mountain deal on the oil side, does it make sense to think about gas M&A? Just your perspective in addressing that debate that's out there.
Tom Jorden: Well, we think about that throughout our portfolio. I mean if you ask me if we have enough inventory, my answer to that is determined about a decade ago, it's going to be no. I'm an exploration, that's at heart. But as we show on Slide 11, we have about a dozen years of inventory at our current run rate and that production base that underpins that. That's inventory. But with that production base, we're really nicely positioned, but we're always want to be opportunistic, whether it's oil, natural gas or what have you, we're built to last. And I think we're going to be a survivor here. So inventory is important to us. We think we're -- we don't have a problem to solve, but we're going to be opportunistic. And that's not the telegraph that we -- like I say, we've got really solid plans and there's not a problem to solve there.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: Maybe just -- I wanted a clarification on just the ramp in the second half of the year with the Wolfcamp wells coming online. Does the guidance presume that, that 5,000 barrel a day impact in the second quarter from the Harkey wells, does that come back as a 5,000 barrel a day contribution into 3Q and 4Q?
Shane Young: Dave, it's Shane here. No, it doesn't. It doesn't assume that it comes back. Obviously, Blake walked through all the things the team is doing to get us to a different outcome, a better outcome than that, but the assumption that we're talking about in terms of the substantial, sequential step-ups that we see in production in the back half of the year does not at all rely on those volumes coming back.
Tom Jorden: Yes. We've taken -- as I said in my opening remarks, we've taken a very conservative approach. We think we're going to bring those volumes back. But our current plan we've just taken them out. And we're looking at a fairly significant production growth ramp during the course of the year, and we're confident, hopeful and our technical analysis tells us that this problem is fixable and that a lot of those volumes are coming back.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate that, Tom. And just my second question, you guys highlighted the flexibility that you have with your asset base and talked about, I think, the 15:1 oil to gas price ratio currently at strip pricing, and you're still seeing sort of the coincident 50% plow back in terms of CapEx. But as you enter in the next couple of years, I think you guys reiterated the 3-year outlook, but if you go back to that guided missile analogy, if that oil to gas price ratio holds as we enter into next year, should we presume that there's more reallocation from oil to guest weighted assets?
Tom Jorden: Well, what you ought to presume is that we get up every day and make the best financial decisions in the interest of our shareholders that we think it's prudent. And we -- I'm hesitant to even use the word 3-year plan. It's a 3-year outlook of what we could execute if current conditions were to hold. And if current conditions don't hold. I think it's our responsibility, not just our opportunity but responsibility to say to our owners that we will readjust as conditions warrant. So the beauty of it is we have amazing flexibility. I mean, when we look across our landscape right now, we could barrel ahead at $50 oil and continue to invest in our oil assets and the returns are not bad. I mean, they're certainly better than if we rewind not too many years ago with anything we were experiencing. But we're making these steps because we're concerned about future weakening in oil prices. And so it's a remarkable position to be able to say, look, we could invest in oil. We can invest in gas. We've got the NGL revenue. And everywhere we look in our portfolio, we have opportunity and not barriers. We're just trying to adjust to the macro condition as we think is appropriate, and that's what we're going to continue to do.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber with Citi Capital.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Just wanted to come back to the Harkey production you said with the cement remediation you're working to bring those volumes back, but it's not in guidance. So what's the reasonable expectation for when those volumes could come back if the remediation work is successful?
Tom Jorden: Yes. We don't have a firm timeline on that just due to the nature of the workovers. These workovers will take months. It's a pretty big campaign to work through all the wells. Like we discussed, we have multiple things. We're trying to make sure we get good isolation. So it's months out, not weeks out.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And I appreciate you guys are constant looking to adjust given changes in prevailing conditions. But curious just about kind of early thoughts on what would happen to the '26 if oil follows the curve here in the high 50s. Do you end up maintaining 7 active rigs in the Permian? And if you maintain 7, what does that mean for Permian tills in '26 in Permian production?
Tom Jorden: Yes. Let me say that if oil were covering around 60 -- you said high-50s, low-60s. We have the opportunity to make investments in our oil assets. I mean it's not like that program is shut down. It's not a question of what the number is. It's a question of why the number is -- is it -- does it move up a little bit because OPEC decided to pause their reinstate their curtailments for a quarter and that it could happen again 3 months down the road or does it happen because this tariff situation is resolved. We're back to normal trade relations. The world economy is growing and demand increases. I mean, there's all kinds of moving parts here. Right now, we're pausing our oil program -- pausing, I'd say we're relaxing slightly because we're concerned that oil prices could further weaken. I hope we're wrong on that. But our experience tells us that when you see these events and you see the possibility be prepared for the worst-case scenario, and that's kind of where we are. I hope we're overreacting on several of these issues. But that's -- you can use us being conservative and that's probably fair.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein with UBS.
Josh Silverstein: So you're moving some CapEx over to the Marcellus. I'm wondering if there's any sort of limit into how much more capital you want to put there? Maybe is there not enough pipeline capacity for volumes to grow? Or is there some sort of trigger you're looking forward to continue to push that additional $50 million over.
Tom Jorden: No, there's really not a significant limit. But the constitution pipeline has been in the news lately. And yes, I just want to remind the listener that Constitution Pipeline is originally configured, originates in our field in Northeast Pennsylvania and goes into the New England market. And we're watching and participating in that conversation seriously. And we would -- if that were to go the expectation is that we would make a commitment to deliver long-term volumes into that line. And so that's kind of coloring what we want to do at this point in time. We think that issue will resolve itself here in the next few months. But we're looking at that as a potential future opportunity for growth in the Marcellus.
Josh Silverstein: All right. And then just on the pricing side, you guys already have some power exposure. I think it's high single digits for the Marcellus. Given that you guys already have this, I'm curious if you can give us kind of a backdrop as to maybe if you would add some more a little bit more about what's happening within that power pricing for the Marcellus for you guys?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Josh, this is Blake. We're always looking for more power pricing. The 2 deals we have in Marcellus are excellent deals. They've paid very well over time. They're difficult to replicate so I think that's really the challenge we've been after. We're really interested in particularly Greenfield projects where weakened capture upfront the long-term power strip that we're hoping to get into our gas portfolio. There are a few opportunities in the Marcellus, but we're looking at quite a few opportunities in the Permian as well. I think the market is waking up to the disadvantaged Waha molecule, and then it's a great place to generate electrons. And so we're looking at many different ways to participate in that.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kalei Akamine with Bank of America.
Kalei Akamine: Sorry I was on mute. I've got a different question on the Harkey here. Kind of looking beyond the water issue, where the wells long enough to get a read on the productivity and how it compares to the Wolfcamp.
Tom Jorden: Yes. What we see in the Harkey that one of the things that gives us a high degree of confidence that this problem is solvable in that it's not on every well. We've got a couple of drilling spacing units that look like they're performing just fine and making oil volumes at -- are within a reasonable boundary of expectations. So this -- yes, we think the laterals are long enough. As I said in my opening remarks, we are highly confident that this is not a reservoir issue per se in this not a spacing issue. It's not an overfill versus co-development issue. It's a mechanical issue near wellbore fixable near wellbore. And that's our -- we have an overwhelming a bounty of evidence that's suggesting that, but we're a company that's -- we focus on results and we want to see the results of these remediations and we will communicate that along the way.
Kalei Akamine: For the follow-up, kind of following up on one of the earlier questions here. If this is the new program, if this program is a new template kind of point forward, can you give us a sense of what the run rate capital and the oil plateau could look like. And if oil were to decline, would you still expect wet gas production to increase?
Tom Jorden: Yes. I'll say, we don't expect oil to decline, but if I'm understanding your question properly, we see a good runway as our 3-year plan that outlined of reasonable growth in our assets broadly. Shane, do you want to cover the --
Shane Young: Yes. I mean just -- I understand the question correctly. I mean, I think if we were to stay on this path into the future, we would go well through the end of this decade in terms of the opportunity set that we have there, even if it was this past.
Tom Jorden: Yes. We're not -- we're holding to our 3-year plan, as outlined with the changes that we've discussed in this call. I want to be really clear with everybody on that. We've got a very fulsome model that shows that, that 3-year plan is reaffirmed.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Matt Portillo with TPH.
Matt Portillo: Tom, maybe just a question around maintenance capital. Given the outlook for the second half of 2025 with production potentially in the mid-170-ish range. Could you give us an update on what you think you might need to spend to hold oil volumes flat over a multiyear period? Just trying to get a sense of your maintenance capital program.
Tom Jorden: Yes, I'm going to let Michael take that one.
Michael Deshazer: Yes. I appreciate the question. So as we're looking at the current program for 2025 and looking into the out years, as we've discussed, our 3-year plan has oil growth. So obviously, the capital levels that we're currently at can be shed. We can remove capital to maintain that oil production. We also have oil growth coming from both the Anadarko and the Permian in most of our plants. So it's important to think about that combination because we're funding in both programs. But in general, right now, we see our oil growth. We have to think about where are we going to keep the oil production flat at. And right now, if we look at our 2025 volume of 160,000 barrels a day if we were to keep that flat, we would be somewhere around 15 billion to 16 billion between the Anadarko and the Permian. Obviously, the Marcellus capital is disconnected from any of that oil growth because it doesn't produce any oil.
Matt Portillo: It would be for a multiyear period at which you could hold it flat, not just a single 1-year hold.
Michael Deshazer: That's correct, yes. So that would be if we were to just go to a maintenance capital for a kind of 3-year period.
Matt Portillo: Perfect. And then just a follow-up question. I know your programs are extremely flexible. I was curious how you're thinking about the returns in the Anadarko in a strip price environment versus the Permian program? And is there an opportunity heading into 2026 if we stay at strip that you could further high grade your development between the 2 basins?
Tom Jorden: Well, we high grade our development all the time. So yes, we have an opportunity. But it's really a function of that oil gas ratio and also NGLs, natural gas liquids. We've got some really nice Anadarko projects for which gas and natural gas liquids are combined to make the dominant revenue stores. So it's a function of the oil gas ratio. We've talked about when we're down 15:1 and lower, it starts getting to be a pretty serious horse race among our 3 of our basins.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Derrick Whitfield with Texas Capital.
Derrick Whitfield: A slight twist on David's earlier question referencing Slide 4, this forward oil to gas ratio were to persist, would it change your view on the areas and intervals you develop in the Delaware over your 3-year forecast? And I'm primarily thinking of Culberson with this question?
Tom Jorden: I mean, no. I don't think it really changes our where we go into Delaware. All 4 of our operating areas, Eddy, Lee, Reeves and Culberson County have really nice competitive environments. Now Culberson tends to be a little gassier, which is -- which actually is good for our operating cost and our productivity. But if we had a little stronger Waha price, that might have an impact. But as we look out at the strip, I don't think that will really be a significant flex of capital within the Permian.
Derrick Whitfield: Great. And as my follow-up, regarding your contingency planning comments in your prepared remarks, what price do you see as the next tipping point in all activity, assuming current service costs, and that's to assume we're going lower in price, clearly.
Tom Jorden: I think we were seriously looking at the price below $50, you've seen their tipping point.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners.
Kevin MacCurdy: Looking out to the back half of 2025, what is the rate reduction due to your DUC backlog by the end of the year? And do you have to manage that operationally as you enter into 2026?
Michael Deshazer: Kevin, this is Michael. No, we move into 2025 with a nice DUC inventory. So even as we're swapping out from Harkey into Wolfcamp. We're not seeing any major issues on our frac lines. Obviously, our rig count is long term related to our frac fleet count. And so dropping down to 7 rigs, if that were to remain unchanged, holding the third frac crew consistently would be difficult. That is shown in our deck that there might be more spot work late in the year if we hold that 7 rigs. But that's not a problem for us operationally. We think that there's ample capacity in the frac market right now, and so that's not necessarily a driving force for us.
Tom Jorden: Kevin, we do a lot of planning and included in those plans as a look at what our DUC inventory looks like, both not only in terms of wells, but number of projects, number of pads and both of those are really important in terms of operational flexibility. And so that's a real important planning. I don't know if you want to call it an input or output, but it's an important planning consideration. And then in the MBU, our DUCs are configured often to hit winter pricing. And so it's just a point of active consideration wherever we are.
Kevin MacCurdy: I appreciate that. And as a follow-up, just a clarification on the free cash flow for the remainder of the year, the uses of free cash flow to say. Will you pay off the term loan first and then buy back shares? Or can you do them concurrently. And are we reading it right that the 50% shareholder return is a multiyear goal and you may not get there in 2025.
Tom Jorden: Yes. So look, just as we've done the last couple of quarters, we can and likely will continue to do both in a parallel way. It's just what's the waiting is one front-end loaded, one back-end loaded. I don't know that we necessarily have to make a choice, one or the other as we go along. There's a lot of different considerations that go into the timing and amount of those buybacks. But no, we've not shut down the buyback program by any means. We'll continue to be opportunistic as we go through the rest of the year, but we'll also be focused on what is the cash flow profile look like for the rest of the year as well. And certainly, yes, if you look back over time, as I said earlier in response to the question, we've historically been well above 50%. Again, we've been 90%, we've been in the mid-70s at various points in time. Why were we able to be there? We're able to be there because we had low leverage. And so we think the getting the notes paid down early on really helps facilitate stability of shareholder returns for the long term.
Operator: And I would now like to turn the call back over to Tom Jorden.
Tom Jorden: Yes, I want to thank everybody for a series of great questions. I'll just say in closing, personally, I'm deeply proud of the way our organization has responded to not only this volatile time, but also this operational issue we're facing. I think we're on the right track. We have a solid plan, and we're going to perform in surprise to the upside. But thank you very much for your attention this morning.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to Coterra Energy Inc. fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Please note that this call is being recorded. After the speakers' prepared remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you'd like to ask a question during that time, thank you. I'd now like to hand the call over to Dan Guffey, Vice President of Finance, Investor Relations and Treasury. You may now begin.
Dan Guffey: Thank you, Ellie. Good morning, and thank you for joining Coterra Energy Inc.'s fourth quarter 2024 earnings and 2025 outlook conference call. Today's prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, Chairman, CEO, and Shane Young, Executive Vice President and CFO, and Blake Sirgo, Senior Vice President of Operations. Michael DeShazer, Senior Vice President of Business Units, is also in the room to answer questions. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session. As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation. Both of which can be found on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Dan, and welcome to everyone joining us this morning. We're pleased to discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results, our plans for 2025, and our updated three-year outlook. First, Coterra had an excellent fourth quarter. We achieved production levels above the high end of our guidance range for oil and natural gas, with capital expenditures coming in near the low end of our guidance. We returned 61% of our free cash flow in the fourth quarter through dividends and share buybacks. For the full year 2024, we returned 89%. Most importantly, we generated outstanding results on our capital investments in 2024, achieving financial returns that are robust, durable, and repeatable. I want to commend our entire organization for delivering these exceptional results. Our 2025 capital plan aligns with the preliminary guidance we provided during our November announcement regarding the Franklin Mountain and Avant acquisitions. In 2025, after folding in the newly acquired Permian assets, we expect to run a consistent and highly capital-efficient program across each of our three operating regions. As always, we maintain flexibility to pivot and reallocate capital as conditions warrant. We are closely monitoring gas markets and remain prepared to modestly accelerate our Marcellus program if the current positive outlook were to persist through mid-year. This acceleration could add $50 million to our 2025 capital program, allowing Coterra to deliver incremental natural gas production volumes by early 2026, in time to capture winter pricing and respond to projected demand increases. Although our 2025 plan includes significant oil investments, we also have flexibility if oil markets were to wobble. Rest assured, if we need to adjust our capital plan during the year, we will do so thoughtfully and explain it thoroughly. Flexibility is the coin of the realm. Regarding the Franklin Mountain and Avant acquisitions, we successfully closed both transactions in late January and are actively integrating these assets to optimize our capital and operational efficiency throughout our Permian operation. I want to congratulate our team for successfully completing these transactions and acknowledge the professionalism of the Franklin Mountain and Avant teams during the final stages. We also updated our three-year outlook in yesterday's release. Two years ago, we were cautious in releasing our initial three-year plan because of our experience in seeing others' three-year plans evaporate quickly with changing conditions. At that time, we communicated that our three-year outlook was not a definitive plan but a guide to what we could achieve under prevailing conditions. Since then, we are pleased to have delivered and exceeded on our rolling three-year projections. Our updated three-year outlook released last night positions Coterra for industry-leading profitable growth, capital efficiency, and reinvestment rates. Together, these stem from our outstanding assets, high-performing organization, and commitment to capital discipline. The team continues to be laser-focused on maximizing return on capital and increasing per-share value for our owners. With that, I will turn the call over to Shane for further details.
Shane Young: Thank you, Tom. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. This morning I'll focus on four areas. First, I'll discuss highlights from our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results. Then I'll provide production and capital guidance for the first quarter and full year 2025. Next, I'll provide a new and updated three-year production and capital outlook for 2025 through 2027, incorporating our recent acquisitions. Finally, I will discuss our shareholder return program and outlook for deleveraging. Turning to our strong performance during the fourth quarter. During the fourth quarter, oil and natural gas production each came in over 3% above the high end of guidance. We saw outperformance in new wells that came online in both the Permian as well as our new wells that came online in December in the Marcellus. Turning lines during the quarter were in line with expectations totaling just under 35 net wells, with the Permian, Anadarko, and Marcellus all near the midpoint of guidance. Additionally, we brought back all of our curtailed volumes into Marcellus in early December. Free hedge revenue was over $1.4 billion, with oil being right at 50% of total revenue during the quarter. We reported net income of $297 million or $0.40 per share, and adjusted net income of $358 million or $0.49 per share. Incurred capital in the fourth quarter was just above the low end of our guidance range with lower than expected outside operated activity as well as lower completion and post-completion costs. Discretionary cash flow for the quarter was $776 million and free cash flow was $351 million after cash capital expenditure. For the full year 2024, Coterra generated outstanding results. Total equivalent production beat the high end of our guidance range, coming in at 677 MBOE per day. Oil production for the year exceeded the high end of our initial guidance by about 4%, growing organically 13% year over year. And natural gas production was in line with the high end of our initial guide. This outperformance was driven by a combination of beeps on an and to a lesser extent accelerated timing. Capital costs were just above the low end of the guidance range, coming in at $1.76 billion, driven by better than expected service costs and lower activity in the Marcellus and Anadarko basins. This represents a 16% decrease in capital spending year over year, so we continue to see greater capital efficiency across our program. Cash operating cost per unit was near our guidance midpoint, totaling $8.66 per BOE for the year. Looking ahead to 2025, we've already made significant progress integrating our newly acquired Permian assets into the Coterra program. Both transactions closed in late January, and therefore our 2025 results will only reflect the partial month of January production from each of those assets. During the first quarter of 2025, we expect total production to average between 710 and 750 MBOE per day. Oil is expected to be between 134 and 140 MBO per day, and natural gas is expected to be between 2.85 and 3 BCF per day. Regarding investment, we expect incurred capital in the first quarter to be between $525 and $625 million. For the full year 2025, we expect incurred capital to be between $2.1 and $2.4 billion as we increase activity and capital in the Permian Basin with the assets from our recent transactions. This range is consistent with the 2025 preview released in November, but with a few changes. Specifically, Permian spending is lower, reflecting additional expected cost savings as well as capital synergies on our acquired properties. While we won't realize all of these in 2025, we expect to achieve run-rate synergies on these new assets of roughly $50 million. This savings is not from reduced activity, but rather savings on expected activity relative to cost achieved by the previous operators. At the same time, we've added activity and capital in the Marcellus, reflecting improved natural gas fundamentals and a lower cost structure. We have the flexibility, if warranted, to increase our investment later in the year while staying within our guidance range. This additional capital will allow us to bring on incremental volumes next winter and stabilize our Marcellus production volume levels. Also consistent with our 2025 preview, we expect total production for the year will average 710-770 MBOE per day, and oil is expected to be between 152 and 168 MBO per day, or 47% higher year over year at the midpoint of oil guidance. Natural gas is expected to be between 2.675 and 2.875 BCF per day, relatively flat year over year at the midpoint. This delivers just over 1 TCF of gas on an annualized basis, providing significant leverage to an improving natural gas market. Having only a partial month of January on the new assets impacts full year 2025 production by a little over 4 MBOE per day relative to the guidance we previewed in November, which assumed an illustrative January 1, 2025 closing date. Reflecting on our new three-year outlook, as we have done over the past several years, yesterday, we announced our new three-year outlook for 2025 through 2027. We believe this is a robust, capital-efficient plan that delivers consistent, profitable growth for our shareholders. We anticipate we can deliver 5% or greater oil volume growth over this period and 0-5% per BOE growth by investing between $2.1 and $2.4 billion of capital per year. These growth rates include legacy Coterra organic growth in 2025 and include our recent acquisitions for 2026 and 2027. This outlook reflects increased capital efficiency, and it's designed to afford Coterra the flexibility to reallocate capital between our assets. We believe this outlook has an attractive level of reinvestment, delivers meaningful free cash flow to underpin our shareholder returns and deleveraging goals. Turning to shareholder returns and deleveraging. Last night, we announced a $0.22 per share dividend for the fourth quarter, increasing our annual base dividend by 5% to $0.88 per share. This remains one of the highest-yielding base dividends in the industry at over 3%. Management and the Board remain committed to reviewing increases in the base dividend on an annual cadence. During 2024, despite soft natural gas prices and their impact on cash flow, Coterra continued to execute on its shareholder return program by repurchasing 17 million shares for $464 million at an average price of approximately $26.41. In total, we returned 89% of free cash flow during the year, or $1.1 billion, through our repurchases and dividends. During 2025, Coterra expects to prioritize deleveraging, and under current conditions, we expect to repay our $1 billion of term loans. We are focused on quickly getting our leverage back to around 0.5 times net debt to EBITDA. Coterra is committed to maintaining a fortress balance sheet that is strong in all phases of the commodity cycle, enabling us to take advantage of market opportunities and protect our shareholder return goals. Assuming our current outlook, we would expect to return 50% or more of annual free cash flow to shareholders in 2025 with a combination of our healthy base dividend and our share repurchase program. In summary, Coterra's team delivered another exceptional fourth quarter and full year of high-quality results, both operationally and financially, and across all three business units. We've hit the ground running during the first few months of the year and expect to deliver solid first-quarter results in 2025, which should set the foundation for full-year 2025 and beyond. With that, I'll hand the call over to Blake to provide additional color and details on our operations.
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Shane. As we close out 2024 with another great quarter and lay out our new plan for 2025, we continue our mission of consistent improvement. Whether it's our execution in the field, the efficiency of our operations, or the productivity of our assets, we are striving for consistent improvement on all fronts. This is a shared mission from the Houston office to the Wellhead, to constantly chase improvement and never settle for the status quo. The 2025 plan we have laid out sets several new bars with the most Permian activity we've ever deployed, including a full year of Culberson Simulfrac, a consistent program in the Anadarko, and a return to the Marcellus, where we are armed with a new record low-cost structure. As Shane noted, our 2024 capital came in on the low end, driven by cost reductions and efficiencies, while our production came in above the high end, thanks to improved cycle times and strong asset productivity. Importantly, Coterra operations executed on several key milestones in 2024. We deployed and executed on our first grid-powered electric simulfrac in Culberson County. We partnered with our frac providers to develop new pumping strategies and automation, which set records in pumping hours across our fleets. After years of hard work and careful planning by our Marcellus team, we drilled and completed wells in the Dimock Box, which could rank as one of the best Lower Marcellus developments in field history. In conjunction with planned gas curtailments, we were able to bring these wells online to full rate in December, capturing peak pricing for the winter months. We accomplished all this while improving upon our great safety performance in the field. Consistent improvement defined 2024 and now becomes the foundation for our 2025 program. We entered 2025 in the Permian running three frac crews and 13 rigs. We plan to run three crews all year and reduce to 10 rigs as we bring our efficiencies to bear on our new assets. Our 2025 Permian program is forecasted to cost $960 per foot, down 6% from 2024. This lower cost structure is driven by efficiency gains we made throughout 2024, along with new competitive service contracts. When pairing our fully burdened Delaware cost structure of $960 per foot with our strong asset productivity, we are projecting another strong year for capital efficiency. In the Permian, our teams have been hard at work integrating our new assets into our Delaware office machine. They have taken on the new assets and are already finding ways to enhance our efficiencies and returns. By optimizing the new assets under one consistent frac line, we are able to drop multiple rigs without sacrificing any planned frac activity or production. Additionally, our teams have been hard at work optimizing frac designs, pad layouts, and directional programs, which, when combined with new service contracts, reduces 2025 capex by 10% per foot, or approximately $50 million compared to the previous programs. In Culberson County, we plan to run this simulfrac crew consistently all year as we continue to prosecute our road developments. Our initial 57-well development of Wyndham Row is now complete. The completion of Wyndham Row represents a significant milestone for Coterra. In total, we invested $500 million in gross capex and completed the project ahead of schedule, with final costs coming in at $864 per foot, which is $10 per foot lower than we projected. These wells have been coming online over the last several months, with our first three months of cumulative production exceeding expectations. We have already begun the next two row developments, the 28-well Barbara Row and the 62-well Bowler Row, both of which will co-develop the Upper Wolfcamp in Harkey. Culberson County road developments are some of the largest and most efficient projects in the shale patch, and you can expect many more from Coterra in the coming years. Turning to the Anadarko, we are building on the consistent activity over the last few years, which continues to improve our cost structure. Our 2025 program in Anadarko is forecasted to come in at $1,070 per foot, down 18% from the previous year. We are excited to bring on our first three-mile developments in the Anadarko in 2025. Lower cost and a good mix of liquids and gas inventory continue to make our Anadarko portfolio an attractive place to invest. In August of 2024, when facing depressed in-basin pricing, we dropped all rigs into Marcellus. We challenged our Marcellus team to attack our cost structure and improve our capital efficiency to help us restore activity. The teams delivered by providing us with a highly efficient plan in 2025 that is anchored by a record low-cost structure of $800 per foot. This dramatic reduction in cost structure is anchored by structural changes and includes the reengineering of upcoming projects, which increased our average lateral length by 60% compared to the prior plans. This long lateral program, combined with lower service costs, structurally lowers our breakeven costs and generates a strong 2025 program that we are excited to invest in. Our current plan calls for two rigs starting back up in April, as well as distributed frac activity throughout the year. We also have on-ramps to increase activity throughout 2025 should gas markets continue to firm up. On the marketing front, we continue to work hard in maximizing our gas sales portfolio. A strong winter has pulled down storage below the five-year average, bolstering the domestic indices we pull into. The ramp of Gulf Coast LNG has begun with record flows in February. We continue to explore potential export deals to add to our existing international portfolio. We are seeing new calls on natural gas for power generation in the basins we operate in. We are working with power providers and power consumers to see how Coterra Gas can help generate the electrons they require. Coterra is well-positioned and poised to take advantage of this expected power demand across our portfolio. We are excited to announce a highly capital-efficient 2025 plan and three-year outlook, and you can expect we will continue to see consistent improvement in all facets of our business. With that, I'll turn it back to Tom for closing remarks.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Shane and Blake. We're pleased with our continued execution in 2024 and expect to deliver on our goals outlined in our plans. We appreciate your interest and look forward to taking your questions.
Operator: We are now opening the floor for the question and answer session. Kindly limit your questions to one question and one follow-up. Your first question comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning, team. My first question is I was wondering if you could discuss some of the key lessons learned from the Wyndham Row, including the interplay between the Wolfcamp and the Harkey programs, and just some of the key learnings from that program as you look forward to a couple more projects within Culberson this year, the Barber Row and the Bowler Row.
Tom Jorden: Yeah. Just I'll take that one. Really came on as we had forecast. We see excellent reservoir performance. Our actual total production is right on top of our forecast. Outstanding results. You know, we still have you are in a data collection analyzing mode. On the need to either co-develop or overfill later. But based on everything we've seen, we're very encouraged and we will continue to co-develop where we can. But it's still an open question. I'm gonna invite Michael DeShazer to comment on that because he runs our business here in Michael, any learnings from Wyndham Row?
Michael DeShazer: Yeah. Thank you, Tom. Arun, we've drilled over 40 Harkey wells in Culberson to date, and we have 30 more planned this year. So the six that we've co-developed on the Wyndham Row and the 16 that have been overfilled, that data is still coming in. And like Tom said, we're gonna be studying that over the next few months. And that will guide our decisions moving forward. But the current plan being to default to co-develop, that's the path forward for now.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. Thanks for that. In my follow-up, there's some kinda nuances around the 2025 guide that we've gotten some questions on. Could you talk a little bit about, you know, maybe what's happening in one queue on a sequential basis, and but the broader comment was that it appears that you're kinda maintaining your guidance that you provided in November, but with one less month called a production from the acquired assets. Am I reading into that right? Is there just some you're basically maintaining that production guide, but with fewer days, I call it, on the acquired asset. Just wanna clarify that comment.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, Arun. This is Blake. You're reading that right. A lot of work's gone on since the deal announcement, and we're able to bolster some of the production, which helps overcome that partial month in January. So that's what you're seeing there. You also saw on the deck, we were able to pull out quite a bit of dollars in the Permian once our team really got their arms around the asset. Started driving some cost out of it. And we've chosen to reallocate some of that to the Marcellus to get activity going there. So that's really what's going on. One Q on a sequential basis, it's just really some noise from the acquisitions on closing time and production. But also some till timing going on normal quarter over quarter type stuff that kinda sometimes it's a little lumpier than we like, but activity-wise, it's smooth and straight just like it always is. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. Good morning, Tom, Shane, team. Just a couple of gas-related questions in the Marcellus. Looks like you're gonna be restarting two rigs in April. And so, you know, just can you walk through your thought process of what's changed from November? And, you talk about potentially increasing capital here in the Marcellus in the second half. If conditions warrant. Can you talk about what are the milestones and goals post you're watching to say the market's giving you a signal to accelerate that activity?
Tom Jorden: Well, it's pretty simple. The returns we're seeing in our program are now competitive at our current price outlook. We've had a nice winter, and, you know, we continue to light candles for increasing cold. Storage is looking much more positive. You know, the situation in Europe is looking interesting from a storage standpoint. We have LNG as, like I said, opening up. So, you know, in many ways, the stars are aligning for constructive pricing throughout 2025 and into 2026. But, you know, we don't run our program on hope. So we're not gonna make any decisions we don't have to make. If we see by spring, mid-spring, that these things are coming to pass, we'll see how storage ends. We're prepared to either hold our current course steady or pick up the pace a little bit. But, you know, the very constructive outlook, and we'd like to see that hold.
Shane Young: Yeah. Neil, it's all driven by the fundamentals, the economics that Tom outlined there. But if we can just to put it in perspective quickly, you know, this increase in activity is from zero to some activity. This is not, you know, I wouldn't characterize this as a leaning into a gas market as much as just restarting activity based on current fundamentals and economics.
Neil Mehta: That's great. And then, you know, you talk about the 5% growth for oil on an organic basis and then less of that on a BOE basis. And so you've been active in the A&D market here over the last five years. Just what's your perspective post-Franklin Mountains of the other bolt-ons? Do you feel like you have enough to say grace over or do you expect to continue to be active from an acquisition perspective on the GoFund?
Tom Jorden: Well, we never target acquisitions strategically or tactically. We don't intend to be in the habit of being a shareholder acquirer. We want to be opportunistic when we see things that make sense for our organization, for our asset mix, and most importantly, for our owners. And that means we acquire them at a reasonable entry price. The Franklin and Avalon assets checked all those boxes, and they were available. And we were really, really glad to pull both of those into our portfolio. You know, we're already seeing, as Blake said, some operational advantages to having those as we integrate them into the overall program. And look, if we had the opportunity to do that again, we would. But only if the opportunity checked all those boxes. We're not out there shopping at any point in time. We're sitting on a really nice inventory. And we're not interested in diluting any of our value in the interest of getting bigger. You know, it's all about entry cost and an organization that can exploit what you have. You know, we're also looking at organic generation and lease. We've got a couple of things underway, none of which we're prepared to talk about. But things where the entry cost is attractive and there's a little different risk profile. But, you know, for us, it's about creating value. And we'll create value in every direction we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nitin Kumar from Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Nitin Kumar: Good morning, Tom, Shane, and team. I want to follow up on the gas side to start with. You highlighted some recent strong momentum in terms of capital efficiencies in the Marcellus, but even including the potential $50 million of acceleration later this year, you're still well below what you described as your maintenance spend of about $450 million. So and you're only doing about, you know, 10 to 15 wells, which is a third of what you did last year. So when do you expect to get to sort of a run rate in the Marcellus where you're holding somewhere about 2 BCF a day flat?
Tom Jorden: Yeah. And then what, you know, Shane made the key point and that is we shut all of our activity down in 2024. And that was the right answer. And, you know, don't have time in this call to go into it in great detail, but not every operator is able to do that because over the last year or two, we put a lot of effort into water handling in the Marcellus and put Coterra owners in a position where we had complete flexibility there. And so as we restart the program, the restart, what it really does is arrest that decline. Because if you have zero activity in shale reservoirs, we all know they're high decline, and really puts us on a trajectory of growth. You know, you mentioned that 2 BCF per day target into Marcellus. We'd be back on our way to that in mid to late 2026, mid to 2027. It would involve returning to something that's above that maintenance capital you quoted, but look, we're ready to go there or not depending on conditions. But the conditions today tell us, you know what? These are great investments. They can beat for capital. Plus the rest of that decline and have some incremental volumes ready for winter pricing next winter.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. And then one other point, I can I take your point on sort of capital versus maintenance capital? Keep in mind, you know, the team as they sort of reengineered the plan up in the Marcellus significantly extended the lateral length of these. So you look at the TILs and the 2025 plan, which we can outline the links a little better on page 21 of the deck we posted last night. You'll see that they're meaningfully longer than the historical averages.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for the detail there. You know, Shane, speaking of the deck, I noticed slide 19, you talk a little bit about your power and midstream interest. Some of your peers and partners have talked about power generation and supplying power for data centers out of the Permian. You have some capacity. Is this an area where you are looking at opportunities and maybe give us a lay of the land in terms of, you know, risk and opportunities there that you're seeing?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. Nitin, this is Blake. I'll take that one. Short answer is yes. We're very much engaged in those discussions. The Waha gas molecule is very advantageous for power generation, and so it has brought in a lot of parties that are interested not just generating base load power, but also data center loads. And so we're in discussions with all those, everything from good old-fashioned combined cycle plants to behind-the-meter type power solutions for data centers. It's not the clearest landscape to understand. There I think everyone's still trying to figure out exactly what the end state looks like. But we have so many molecules in so many places that we're really well-positioned to take advantage of some of this. And I'm hopeful we'll have some good announcements coming before too long on this.
Nitin Kumar: Great. We're looking forward to those. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning. Thanks for the time. Guys, my first question just on the continued operational efficiency improvement. Blake, in the slide, you clearly are demonstrating the upside you're seeing here. I'm just wondering maybe for Blake. Just, you know, like, are you seeing this maybe talk about potential further opportunities both in the Permian and, you know, are you expecting the same sort of upside in the Marcellus as well?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. Sure, Neal. Happy to talk about efficiencies anytime. When I look back on 2024, the three areas that we really focus on in drilling, drill feet per day, you know, these huge projects, road drilling, but even outside of our roads in Culberson County, our well counts on our projects are so large now. Our rigs just stay camped out. We minimize modes, and we hit a record drilling feet per day across our whole fleet in 2024. On the frac side, our frac efficiencies are up dramatically year over year. And that's due to some strategies that we've been working with our frac partners on that really focus on maximizing all the available horsepower and minimizing transition times. We have transition times now that are averaging close to 20 minutes between stages, which is pretty unheard of from a few years ago. And then lastly, you know, we're always really focused on well trouble. It's not a matter of if, it's a matter of when. We poke a lot of holes in the ground and things go wrong sometimes. But we have a really rigorous program to deal with well trouble and to get out of it as quickly and cost-effectively as we can. And so those three things are always at play. Will continue to be at play throughout 2025. Something new we're spending a lot of time and energy on, not necessarily new, but I think it's gaining more traction. It's just our focus on frac design, particularly on these Bone Spring sands and shallower zones across New Mexico. That we're prosecuting. With the help of our ML models, really rightsizing our fracs. You're seeing maybe in some cases, we can get the same productivity at a lower cost. Some of that made up, you saw in our synergies on the new assets. And that's just a really exciting frontier for us. And we're gonna keep pushing frac design hard.
Neal Dingmann: Great details. And then just a second on maybe the upcoming return of your Marcellus activity. I'm specifically wondering will the focus continue to be primarily on Lower Marcellus? Will you be able to co-develop several of the areas focused on both the lower and the upper?
Michael DeShazer: Yes, Neal. It's Michael here. Yeah. We will be returning to the box in 2025 and overfilling with some Upper Marcellus wells, but co-development is also in the plans for the box as we move forward as well. So that we will see increasing amounts of Upper Marcellus as a part of our program. And I don't think it's a surprise to anyone that that's a little lower in terms of productivity than the lower Marcellus. But I think the context is important, and the lower Marcellus is some of the best shale rock in the lower 48. So you will see our program move more to the upper over time, but with lateral links, improving our capital efficiency, will allow us still to hold our production flat at that 2 BCF number that we've talked about. And I think that's better than a lot of the other gas shale plays that are out there.
Tom Jorden: You know, I also wanna add, getting that cost structure down is huge for the Marcellus. Really a testament to that team. It's part of why we like to be multibasin because every now and then, you wanna send teams back to the drawing board and have other places take your capital. And they went back to the drawing board and they came up with some incredible innovations. We mentioned along laterals, well-designed water handling. I mean, our that cost really makes both the lower and upper much much more attractive to us than they've been, you know, four or eighteen months ago.
Neal Dingmann: For the ad. Thanks, Gil.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Deckelbaum from TD Cohen. Your line is now open.
David Deckelbaum: Morning, Tom, Shane, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Tom, I was just curious if you talk about the Marcellus program a little bit more, you know, for 2025. The lateral lengths are obviously significantly longer this year, excuse me, especially in the upper Marcellus. You know, should we think about that as the go-forward plan in future years and I guess, how did you guys sort of approach that development plan, you know, versus, you know, perhaps, like, cannibalize or weighing that as, you know, cannibalization of inventory, or is this just a this is just the most optimum kind of PV over I?
Tom Jorden: Look. That's a great question. Cannibalization of inventory is that I just reject that premise. The inventory is best exploited the most capital-efficient way. So we don't count sticks, and we don't give ourselves medals for the number of sticks. Back if you can reduce the number of wells you drill and generate higher returns, spending lower and generate the same volumes, that's the right way to prosecute your inventory. And we've seen that, you know, I know your question is on the Marcellus, but you've seen us talk about that in the Permian where we have examples where we're drilling fewer wells and offset operators and yet cumulative production is equal to our neighbors. So, you know, we're very much we love the long laterals. It's also really good for that environment. This is not the Permian Basin. This is very pristine rolling hills. There's a lot of farms and, you know, dairy operations going on there. We really try to minimize our impact on the community. And these lower longer laterals let us build fewer pads, less capital on hookups. It's just a win-win in every direction you look. We're gonna continue to try to find that everywhere we can.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that. And I guess I just wanted to clarify just the remarks is just as a lot of this Marcellus activity, you know, appears to be more back half-weighted, I guess, how much of that sort of overall budget should we think of as being kinda contingent on continued strength in the gas curve?
Tom Jorden: Well, we said in our opening remarks, the midpoint is not contingent. The midpoint says, you know what? We're probably gonna lay some activity down midyear, but if we were to continue as a pace, they would add about $50 million to our capital program. And look, you know, when we get there and make that decision, I think it'll be obvious because we're all gonna be watching strength in gas markets. It's just, you know, there have been times when that strengthening gas market's been a mirage. And we have the ability to not commit and that's kind of we're gonna take that luxury to the very last day.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate the color, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Derrick Whitfield from Texas Capital. Your line is now open.
Derrick Whitfield: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to focus on the gas market with my first question. Regarding the three-year outlook, there's clearly a lot of optionality built into your growth outlook. And while you're returning activity to the Marcellus and highlight the potential to further add activity, it would seem the macro environment we're seeing now is perhaps the most constructive one. We've seen them all over a decade. With the understanding that there's capital tension between the Permian and gas assets, would you expect both the Anadarko and Marcellus to return to growth over the next three years if the gas market plays out as the strip indicates?
Tom Jorden: Lord, I hope so. I mean, that's what that's why we have these assets. And, you know, it's just fascinating to see the components of our cash flow, ebb and flow with the commodity markets. But one consistency is our overall cash flow and our ability to maintain consistent programs across our platform. And I'm gonna let Blake comment on this, but, you know, we just we love the competition between different parts of our portfolio. We love the tough decisions it puts upon us, and we love the way our teams fight for capital by trying to become more and more efficient.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. I mean, I just echo Tom. That would be a great problem to have if we had record gas prices to drive these basins. But I always think it's important to reiterate. We're not targeting growth or targeting returns. That's what underlies our capital allocation program. If we saw, you know, sustained gas prices which elevated those returns, naturally capital would flow there and the result might be gas growth, but it is a very dynamic gas market that we're a part of now. Don't just worry about winter anymore. We watch LNG flows every day. We watch trains. We watch the power demand story very closely. And now we're watching international pricing because they can move Henry Hub. So the much more dynamic market than it used to be and we position ourselves to be ready to take advantage of it and when it plays out. I think it's also important to add that the price ratios matter as well. You know, it's not just the gas price itself, but we're allocating correct capital across all three business units. And so we're watching close how those economics change in terms of Permian or Marcellus and Anadarko allocations based on the relative oil and gas stream. So that's an important component to also think about.
Derrick Whitfield: Makes sense. And going back to slide 19 for my follow-up, there's been a lot of discussion on downstream partnerships to support the build-out of data centers. And as you guys have highlighted, could you perhaps speak to where those conversations are for you and what basins and what role you'd like to play in that arena more broadly?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. You know, I'd say the Permian is probably the one we're spending the most time on, although we have inbounds in the Anadarko and Marcellus as well. It's really that Waha gas molecule that seems to be attracting a lot of the power providers. But, you know, like I mentioned earlier, commercially, this is still very uncharted waters. Trying to find long-term commercial deals and anchor gas supplies is a difficult task. So I still see a lot of room for negotiation in this basin. We'll see how it plays out.
Tom Jorden: Yeah. I might remind the listener, we already have a fair amount of power pricing in our Marcellus gas portfolio. And we are working on bolstering that. We'd like to see a little more power pricing in our natural gas delivery.
Derrick Whitfield: Absolutely. Thanks. Great update, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Silverstein from UBS Financial. Your line is now open.
Josh Silverstein: Yes. Thanks, guys. Just sticking on the gas theme, if you did want to ramp gas volumes further, could you do it in the Marcellus, or is that tapped out from a capacity standpoint and you'd have to start adding CapEx to the Anadarko?
Blake Sirgo: I mean, as far as takeaway, no. It's not capped out. We're down quite a bit from our all-time highs. And so is Northeast PA. In general, volumes are down. So there's room in those pipes to grow. Generally, the more volumes we stack on, we're getting into a little more expensive feet. But that has to be accounted for in our drilling decisions. You know, that's all taken into our incremental decisions. So, but yes, we could grow volumes.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. And then Shane mentioned the $1 billion debt reduction for this year. Is the buyback on hold until that's complete or will you do some buybacks during this process as well and then ramp the buyback after the $1 billion is achieved? Thanks.
Shane Young: Yeah. Thanks, Josh. No. The buyback's not on hold. But we're going to prioritize debt repayment. So, you know, if you think about it, over the course of the year and we sort of laid out some illustrative free cash flow scenarios in a few of the pages there. You know, and some of which sort of leave room for both buybacks and term loan repayment like the current environment that we were in. But even in that case, you know, I would expect to see that the buyback more back-end loaded and the term loan paid out more front-end loaded just as we go through the year. But not necessarily at the it's not turned off. I will tell you that. We would certainly look to be opportunistic and we'd still have a buyback program. So it's not turned off while we're paying down our term loans.
Josh Silverstein: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question comes from Scott Gruber from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning. I want to come back to the growth capital allocation just given the macro backdrop. So if gas does stay constructive, let's say it's $4 along the curve and oil's kinda flattish at $70. How would you allocate gross dollars between the Marcellus and then Anadarko in that environment?
Tom Jorden: Well, it's not complicated. It's absolutely gonna be on return on investment and what we think generates the best financial outcome. So it's always a horse trade. You know, we have outstanding gas assets in Anadarko, and those assets also have natural gas liquids. So depending on where that pricing falls, returns can be competitive. So it's all about competition and, you know, with current gas prices, current forecast, and current outlook, our Marcellus dry gas is competing nicely.
Scott Gruber: Got it. Got it. And then turning to development costs, I'm looking across your Delaware position, Culberson obviously leads the pack with the road developments and all the infrastructure you have in place there with your partner. But as we kinda become a bigger percentage of your activity set, can you talk about the path to close the cost gap? Yeah. You think about that three-year plan, can we see that cost gap closed materially?
Blake Sirgo: I sure hope we continue to see it closed materially. That's what our teams are hard at work at. As we've talked about before, Culberson's pretty unique. We own and operate four consecutive townships and all the infrastructure inside of it, so it gives us tremendous flexibility in how we build capital-efficient programs. But we think we've created the bones of that with these new assets. We built a large block. There are some existing, you know, marketing contracts and things that we're working through now to try to optimize long-term. But there are some midstream assets that we now own and control that we're looking at very closely also. Power's a big story in that part of the world. We're looking very closely at power. What kind of power we're gonna need over the next several years and how we might be able to get a jump on that and expand it. So, yes, have no delusions. Our goal is to use our same economies of scale in Lee County that we've used in Culberson over the years.
Scott Gruber: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kalei Akamine from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kalei Akamine: Hey. Good morning, guys. Tom, Shane, Blake. For my first question, can you talk about your unit OpEx guide? It seems to be moving up meaningfully year over year. I just wanna understand what's driving that. Is that the new Permian assets? And if so, do you see a pathway here to grind it down?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. Sure. This is Blake. Happy to take that. Yes. A lot of it is the new assets. So the new assets are very oily. Low GOR, so higher per unit cost on LOE. But also fantastic margins. So that's impacting our overall unit cost. And then now just the way the mix works at Coterra with these new assets, more BOEs from oil, compared to our BOEs from gas in Marcellus and Anadarko. It's tilting that per unit cost.
Kalei Akamine: Got it. That makes sense. Like, on your oil guide, 2025, 152 to 168. The high end appears to imply Permian oil jumping significantly in the second half of this year. I know your thoughts on where Permian oil can exit the year.
Blake Sirgo: No. Not really gonna quote an exit rate for 2025, but we, you know, setting up to the right consistent growth is what these programs generate. Steady activity is really what's running all year long.
Kalei Akamine: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Portillo from DPH. Your line is now open.
Matt Portillo: Good morning, all. Just circling back around on the gas asset. Tom, I think two quarters ago, you talked about the upper Marcellus threshold from a return perspective, meeting kind of a mid-three hurdle to allocate capital to the asset. Obviously, strips well above that today, but was just curious from a longer-term perspective with the increased lateral length and the lower well cost that you guys have been able to achieve, where do you think that new threshold is for the Upper Marcellus specifically?
Tom Jorden: Yeah, Matt. I think I would still quote mid-threes. You know, we're watching those gas markets carefully. We really like some of the fours that creep up into that price file. But, you know, it's as I've talked in the past, it's not just about our projected at current prices. It's also about what could happen if that price would fall. And how much resiliency do you have in your program? You know, we were looking at our Permian program recently, and we can take that received price in the Permian. And if it were to fall to $40 oil and stay there forever, our 2024 program fully burdened with all overhead still generates a return well in excess of our cost of capital. And so that's our we like that. That's resilient. That means you can make investments, and you can have a high degree of confidence that the cycles and price file will not turn those investments south on you. And so it's not just pricing in the gas markets. It's resiliency. And that's why we're looking at increasing demand, looking at increasing LNG exports. We're looking at what's happening not only domestically, but globally. We're looking at our new energy team in Washington and some of the changes that they're bringing to the fore. And we are very optimistic about a structural reset that increases the resiliency of gas investments.
Matt Portillo: Great. And then just as a follow-up for the Marcellus from one of the prior questions, with the two rigs that you guys have running starting in April, if you were to hold those in place, is there any color you might be able to provide in terms of how many wells you could drill for the remainder of this year and then any incremental color you might be able to provide on the split between the upper and lower Marcellus program for that drilling program this year?
Tom Jorden: Yeah, Matt. We're just not prepared to provide that kind of guidance about around a future pivot point and not to, you know, don't mean to dodge that. It's just we have about five pivot points we've modeled, and it's just more detailed than I think would be productive.
Matt Portillo: Understood. Thanks.
Operator: We will be moving on. Our next question comes from John Abbott from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
John Abbott: Good morning, and thank you for taking our questions. I'm on for Doug Leggett. You know, maybe just a couple quick ones here. You know, you just did the acquisitions. Any thought on the impact on future cash taxes at this point in time? Maybe that goes to you there, Shane.
Shane Young: Yeah. No. I appreciate that. So yeah. You look a couple of things I'd say. One, from a tax perspective, we're still in the middle of booking our allocations. So this will be refined over time. And I think as we, you know, get into the first quarter, you know, we'll probably have something a little better. I would tell you, you know, I would guide for an effective tax rate perspective in the 20% to 25% area. We're hoping to sort of be in the middle of that range. And then I think we will see some improvement from bringing over all of that basis into our tax base. Exotera. And, again, we're trying to refine our view on exactly what that impact will be. I would say of that effective tax rate, a good working assumption for the moment would be 90% to 100% cash basis. Which is a little bit of an improvement from where we were in 2024. But that would probably be a good rate to model going forward.
John Abbott: Appreciate it. And just quickly for the second question here, I mean, continue to see strong efficiencies here. Given that you've given us your updated three-year guide, you sort of look at the Permian asset, you know, if we get you have about 15 years of inventory. The inventory front is always better than the back. At what point do you think looking out into the future, that you could see a potential change in capital intensity at this point given the efficiencies that you could achieve?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. John, this is Blake. You know, I would say with what's interesting is this inventory we're doing today didn't look as good as it is a few years ago. We are constantly improving our near-term inventory through all the different capital-efficient things we've talked about. And so don't really view it as some stark inflection point in the future. You will see us migrate to different zones besides just the Wolfcamp A throughout time, but I'm continually impressed at how our teams find ways to really generate capital efficiencies from these other zones and I would expect that to continue.
John Abbott: Appreciate it. Thank you very much for fitting us in.
Operator: Your next question comes from Leo Mariani from ROTH MKM. Your line is now open.
Leo Mariani: Yeah. Hi. I wanted to continue to focus a little bit here on the Marcellus. I think you made some comments in your prepared remarks here that you guys were able to drill Dimock, you know, again for the first time in a while. I know that's been kind of opened up a bit there. I was hoping you could, you know, basically help us out by kinda quantifying, you know, roughly kinda how much runway is there in Dimock. I don't know if you wanna that is in terms of wells or years to drill with, you know, say a one rig program or something.
Michael DeShazer: Yeah. This is Michael. Like I said earlier, we will be going back into the Dimock box in 2025 and drilling some overfill wells on top of our existing lower. So there'll be some Upper Marcellus wells that we drilled, and we're excited to see those wells come on. And then moving into 2026 and the out years, there is a the north side of the box is still not developed fully. So we'll be able to come back in with new longer laterals and fewer wellbores than we anticipated at our original plan, and that's some of the cost efficiency and dollar per foot savings that we've been talking about. Is the team during this period where there wasn't as much activity really spent a lot of time trying to optimize the developments in the box and make sure that we were able to make them as capitally efficient as possible. And they were able to reduce the capital cost in that development by over $50 million. So, yeah, you're gonna see continued activity from us in the coming years in the box.
Leo Mariani: Okay. And then just to follow-up here on the gas side, just wanted to get a high-level sense. I know you guys said that you're obviously gonna approach this with a little bit of caution. There's been head fakes on gas over the years, but you're kind of at today's prices, call it, you know, $4 Henry Hub and $70 WTI. How do the returns compare in your kind of traditional Permian program versus the lower Marcellus today?
Tom Jorden: They're very comparable. And if we had certainly assurance of that, we'd probably pull that lever, but they're quite comparable in the range you talked about.
Leo Mariani: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Paul Cheng from Scotiabank. Your line is still down in Miami. Thank you. I have to apologize. I'm in the so there's a little bit noisy in the background. For the Coleman Gray in Marcellus. Even if the economic yes. Good. Given the resource and you're saying that you have about twelve years, what should we assume is the maximum? How much? Or that the production that you could expect?
Tom Jorden: You know, I just we don't manage our company by production. I think we, you know, we manage by returns. And this is, you know, one of the things that we're looking at right now is what is our market for that gas. We're trying to find new markets, trying to bolster our weighted average sales price. But, you know, I don't think you'd see us return to the growth trajectory that we had a decade ago. But, you know, very slow and steady single-digit growth is certainly something that might be an outcome. I'd say that. But, look, even maintenance capital at 2 BCF level would be just fine with the right weighted average sales price.
Paul Cheng: Great. And also that, can you give us some idea that on by quarter, how's the well coming on stream and also the CapEx is going to try and look like? Are they going to be variable? I know that you must sell it. You're going to start two way in, by eight o. But should we assume that subsequently, that is just going to be variable and also a bug in the permit? Thank you.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. This is Blake. You know, I'm not really gonna give, like, quarter-to-quarter guidance. I would just say, you know, due to the plan and then Marcellus, you'll see those two rigs start. Naturally, there's a little lumpiness with getting back to work. We're just bringing frac activity back. But in the Permian, it's really driven by our frac crews. We run three steady crews. And that tends to even out all our gross there.
Shane Young: Yeah. I'm on the page for 36 can at least visually give you an idea of sort of what the year looks like from an activity standpoint. You know, which should correlate a little bit towards capital over time.
Paul Cheng: Okay. We do. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to hand the call over back to Tom Jorden for final remarks.
Tom Jorden: Well, thank you, everybody. We appreciate your questions. And we look forward to delivering on all of our plans for 2025 and the out years. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for attending today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dan Guffey, Vice President of Finance, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead.
Dan Guffey: Thank you, Operator Good morning and thank you for joining Coterra Energy's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Today's prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, Chairman, CEO and President; Shane Young, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Blake Sirgo, Senior Vice President of Operations. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, were provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation, both of which can be found on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you Dan and welcome to all of you who are joining our call this morning. As you saw from our release last night, Coterra had an excellent third quarter. Our volumes for oil, gas and barrel of oil equivalent came in above the high end of our guidance with capital coming in below the low end of our guidance range. Furthermore, we raised our production guidance and lowered our capital guidance for the full year. We expect 2024 to be our third consecutive year of delivering differentiated organic oil growth. This is made possible by our asset quality and growing capital efficiency which are related to one another. Shane and Blake will walk you through our financial and operational results in some detail. Blake will also give you an update on our Windham Row project in Culberson County. In a nutshell, our results have been outstanding and we expect similar projects to be a part of our program for many years to come. Slide 13 in our earnings presentation lists a few upcoming Culberson projects for future years. Our Windham Row has confirmed what we have stated all along. These projects are well calibrated and highly predictable. Although we are not prepared to be granular on 2025 plans as you would expect, we hold significant optionality and flexibility. As an example, if we were to continue simul-fracking in Culberson County through 2025, it would increase our capital efficiency and result in an ongoing cadence of regular quarterly oil growth. We could achieve this within our framework of capital discipline and a conservative reinvestment rate. We are also pleased to highlight some of our recent New Mexico results in our earnings presentation. More to come on that from Blake. Although, we remain constructive on natural gas markets, current prices have not recovered to the extent that would justify incremental drilling and completion activity in the Marcellus. We currently have no drilling or completion activity on our Marcellus assets. Additionally, we continue to curtail and shut in volumes and will do so until we see materially better spot natural gas prices in the Northeast. 2025 promises to deliver a more constructive natural gas market. The combination of growing LNG exports, increased electrical generation demand and the prospect of winter weather suggest a tighter supply demand picture for natural gas in 2025 and beyond. In the meantime, we have other assets that are generating superior returns in our investments and we have pivoted to them in 2024. You may also notice that we have recently entered into a handful of LNG sales agreements as illustrated by slide 5 in our earnings presentation. These agreements are the result of our multiyear effort to further diversify our natural gas marketing portfolio by gaining price exposure to international markets. We are continuing to explore further opportunities along these lines. Blake will provide details on this. As we have repeatedly said, we manage our company by disciplined capital allocation, not by production goals. We have the luxury of doing so because we have top tier oil and natural gas assets with a low cost of supply. These assets, coupled with our operational capabilities can consistently deliver leading edge returns on low corporate reinvestment rates through the cycles. Slide 6, which provides a snapshot of our inventory shows that we can do this for many, many years to come. The robustness of our assets underwrites our shareholder friendly return of capital program and our Fortress balance sheet. Our approach to the business is simple. Build a top tier operational team, a top tier subsurface team, develop a portfolio of top tier assets that offer geographic and commodity diversity and let data, value creation and sound financial analysis guide capital allocation decisions. Through it all, maintain a relentless focus on continuous improvement. At Coterra, it's progress over comfort. It's that simple and we live by it. With that, I will turn the call over to Shane.
Shane Young: Thank you, Tom. And thank you everyone for making time to join us on today's call. This morning I'll focus on three areas. First, I'll summarize the financial highlights of our third quarter results, including where we finished the quarter from a credit and liquidity perspective. Then, I'll provide production and capital guidance for the fourth quarter, as well as provide an update for the full year 2024 guide. Finally, I'll provide highlights from our continued progress on our shareholder return program. Turning to our strong performance during the third quarter. Third quarter total production averaged 669 MBoepd per day, with oil averaging 112.3 MBo per day and natural gas averaging 2.68 Bcf per day. All three came in slightly above the high end of guidance, driven by timing of operated and non-operated volumes as well as from well performance. In the Permian, we brought online 24 net wells, near the high end of our 15 to 25 net well guidance. This includes 16 Net Bone Spring wells across and Lea and Eddy Counties and 8 net Windham Row wells in Culberson County. In the Anadarko, we brought online five net wells in our liquids rich up dip area, while in the Marcellus we brought online seven net wells in mid-September. During the third quarter, pre hedge revenues were approximately $1.3 billion of which 75% were generated by oil and NGL sales. In the quarter, we reported net income of $252 million or $0.34 per share and adjusted net income of $233 million or $0.32 per share. Total unit costs during the quarter including LOE, transportation, production taxes and G&A totaled $8.73 per BOE near the midpoint of our annual guidance range of $7.45 to $9.55 per BOE. Cash hedge gains during the quarter totaled $28 million. Accrued capital expenditures in the third quarter were $418 million below the low end of our guidance range as we spent less on midstream infrastructure and SWD capital, and also made the decision early in the quarter to drop our Marcellus rig. We had originally planned to have the rig running through year end. Discretionary cash flow for the quarter was $670 million and free cash flow was $277 million after cash capital expenditures of 393 million. We ended the third quarter very well positioned from a balance sheet perspective having 0.3 times net debt to LTM EBITDA ratio, and approximately $2.8 billion of liquidity after retiring a $575 million debt maturity during September. Looking ahead to the remainder of 2024, during the fourth quarter of 2024, we expect total production to average between 630 and 660 MBoepd, oil to be between 106 and 110 MBo per day and natural gas to be between 2.53 and 2.66 Bcf per day. In other words, we expect oil volumes to be down approximately 4% quarter-over-quarter as part of the natural cadence of our operations. This is the product of a combination of till timing during the fourth quarter, completing a portion of the Windham row that was not simul-fracked as well as having limited frac activity in the Anadarko during the fourth quarter. Given our curtailed volumes, we expect natural gas to be down approximately 3% quarter-over-quarter. We continue to monitor gas fundamentals, maintain the optionality to respond to signals on a month-to-month basis. Regarding investment, we expect total capital expenditures during the fourth quarter to be between $410 million and $500 million. Yesterday, we increased our full year 2024 oil production guidance range to between 107 and 108 MBoepd for the year, up approximately 0.5% at the midpoint from our August guidance and up 5% from our original guidance released in February. We also tightened our full year 2024 BOE and natural gas production guidance ranges, both up 1% at the midpoint from the August guide. Based on where we see the full year today, we are lowering our capital guide by 100 million at the high end and 50 million at the midpoint to $1.75 billion to $1.85 billion for 2024. This is 14% lower at the midpoint than our 2023 capital spend. This change, along with increased production, reflects continued meaningful improvement in Coterra's capital efficiency. Our 2024 program now modestly increases capital allocation to the liquids rich Permian and Anadarko basins while decreasing capital by approximately 65% in the Marcellus year-over-year. Moving on to shareholder returns. During the third quarter, we continued to see attractive value in our own shares and repurchased 4.3 million shares for $111 million at an average price of $25.15 per share. Last night, we also announced a $0.21 per share base dividend for the third quarter, which annualizes to $0.84 per share for the year. This remains one of the highest yielding base dividends of our peer group at over 3%. In total, we returned $265 million to shareholders during the quarter or 96% of free cash flow. We remain committed to our strategy of returning 50% or more of our annual free cash flow to shareholders through a combination of our healthy base dividend and our share repurchase program. Year-to-date, we have returned 100% of free cash flow to our shareholders. In summary, the third quarter again delivered excellent operational and financial results. Our fourth quarter activity schedule will position us for a strong start heading into 2025 where we maintain significant flexibility with regard to capital allocation. With that, I'll hand the call over to Blake. Blake?
Blake Sirgo: Thanks Shane. Our third quarter was another active quarter at Coterra. This morning, I plan to cover our new LNG agreements, Permian Activity and cost update along with overviews of Marcellus and Anadarko Activity. This quarter Coterra executed 200,000 MMBtu per day of LNG sales commitments split evenly between European and Asian markets with first sales in 2027 and 2028. These agreements represent almost two years of work by our marketing team to survey the LNG landscape and find deals that best enhance our portfolio. These commitments are net back sales deals directly linked to JKM, TTF and NBP indexes and will be sourced from Coterra gas in the Permian, Anadarko and Marcellus. The gas sold under these agreements has no FID risk as our counterparties are currently lifting cargoes from existing and operating facilities along the U.S. Gulf Coast. Lastly, these deals are with strong established counterparties that Coterra is excited to partner with for many years to come. When we combine these agreements with our existing LNG deal at Cove Point, Coterra will have over half a Bcf of gas per day on the water starting in 2028. This is another step for Coterra as we continue to leverage our multi basin gas portfolio to maximize premium pricing and diversify our future revenues. In the Permian, we are currently running eight drilling rigs and two frac crews and our ops team posted another quarter of outstanding results. While our operated production came in where we expected with our increased efficiencies, we did see a nice bump in our Permian non-operated production with several projects coming in sooner than expected leading to a beat above our high end of guidance. As Shane noted due to the planned transition from simul-frac to zipper-frac for a portion of Windham Row during Q3 and limited Anadarko frac activity, we are forecasting a reduction in volumes for Q4. However, I am pleased to report that Windham Row is ahead of schedule below cost and initial production results look strong. We look forward to sharing a final Windham Row update next quarter when all 57 wells are online. While Windham Row has been a critical project for Coterra in 2024, the rest of the Permian portfolio has also had a banner year. Our drilling and completion operations in our New Mexico Bone Spring program is having a great year with our drilling feet per day up 26% and frac pumping hours up 23% compared to a year ago. This has been accomplished by focusing on increasing our wells per pad and lateral lengths, as well as a new zipper-frac initiative focused on reducing transition times between stages. This competitive cost structure is paired with some strong well results we are seeing in our New Mexico program. While Coterra has had great success in our Wolfcamp program in New Mexico going back to 2010, we are still learning new things, as we expand our developments across the liquids-rich Strat [ph] column available to us in our New Mexico assets. A recent result we are highlighting is our Dos Equis project in Lea County where we brought on two first Bone Spring wells at four wells per section and are seeing initial per well results comparable to the Upper Wolf Camp. This result, along with several great second Bone Spring Sand results in the county are underscoring the value we see across our New Mexico position. Turning to Permian costs, in 2023 our Permian average well cost was $1200 per foot, driven by efficiency gains and moderately lower service costs over the last year our 2024 Permian dollar per foot is expected to be $10.50 per foot, down 12% year-over-year. As we look forward, our leading edge costs are below $1,000 per foot, 5% to 10% lower than 2024. We define leading edge as current market rates and efficiencies with no projected deflation or further performance gains. As a reminder, when we share our full year total well cost dollar per foot, we are including our all in cost which include drilling, completion facilities and flow back. These are actual costs based on frac end date and not type curves which directly reflect the capital spent on each project. While we are proud of our cost performance and always looking to do more with less, cost is not the sole driving metric at Coterra. Our goal is not just to be low cost, it is to generate maximum value. Total return on investment is the only lens we use at Coterra. In cooperation with our machine learning team, our reservoir engineers iterate frac design and well spacing to maximize the capital efficiency and net present value of every development. As you can see on page 14 of our newly released deck, the result of this rigorous analysis is the combination of competitive cost and top tier productivity in the Delaware Basin. One component of our fully burdened reported well costs are our facilities, which are constantly evolving to ensure compliance with an ever changing regulatory landscape. Our new tankless battery designs comprise all our Greenfield and most of our brownfield battery projects. This new design eliminates over 90% of the emission devices compared to a standard tank battery and greatly reduces the risk of fugitive emissions. Coterra has been implementing this design over the last five years and today almost 60% of our Permian oil production is flowing through tankless facilities. Innovations like this are part of our unwavering standard of operational excellence to ensure we are responsibly developing our assets in and around the communities where we operate. In the Marcellus, as a response to severely depressed pricing in the Northeast markets, we are currently at zero drilling or frac activity. Going to zero activity would not be possible without our Marcellus operations team developing new and creative methods to transport and dispose of produced water without relying on continuous frac activity. This thoughtful water strategy is what has allowed us to obtain the full capital flexibility we prize in our multi basin portfolio and has allowed for improved capital efficiency across the Coterra platform. Our first round of Lower Marcellus projects in the Dimock Township are complete with strong execution from our drilling and completion teams. We look forward to bringing these wells online in the coming months pending an improvement in Northeast gas pricing. We are continuing our month-to-month curtailment in the Marcellus with a planned 340,000 MMBtu per day gross and 288,000 MMBtu per day net shut in for the month of November. This volume represents a part of our sales portfolio tied directly to Northeast Local pricing. We will continue to monitor pricing and make our curtailment decision one month at a time. We remain constructive on long-term gas markets, however, until demand catches up with plentiful pent up supply, you can expect Coterra to continue to leverage its multi basin multi commodity portfolio and continue to be disciplined allocators of capital with a focus on full cycle returns. In the Anadarko, we continue to run one rig and completed five wells in the third quarter. Operational consistency is paying off in the Anadarko with several strong projects coming online in 2024. Keeping a rig running and stacking together completion activity has allowed us to gain efficiency and minimize well problems. Despite natural gas headwinds, the liquids production in the Anadarko revenue stream has buoyed well economics and returns. Lastly, I'd like to commend our operating teams in all three business units as they continue the trend of excellent execution and set us up for a great 2025. With that, I'll turn it back to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Shane and Blake. As you can see, we've got a great momentum behind us and with that, we'd be delighted to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Doug Leggate at Wolfe Research.
Doug Leggate: Thank you, good morning, everyone. Gosh, Tom, your prepared remarks, it was quite intriguing to hear you say if we decided to continue with simul-frac, our capital efficiency will improve materially in 2025, just boots in your mouth a little bit. Why would you not continue to simul-frac in 2025?
Tom Jorden: Well, we do have a portfolio, Doug. I would say that is a great question and we're asking that of ourselves. I will answer that saying we're watching the oil markets. We're very constructive on oil markets. But, we're also wanting to have contingency plans in place if we see recovery in gas markets. So, if we had to make the call today, which we do not, but if we had to make the call today, that's what we do. We have the program teed up, ready to go and we're just going to, we really like to maintain flexibility up until that point where we have to make a rock solid commitment and steer the ship.
Doug Leggate: I guess it's a tricky, a tricky follow up question. If I may then, Tom, which is really this, this broader issue of capital allocation and I guess you've kind of touched on it with the Marcellus optionality, but your oil production growth is again significantly beating, I guess your indicated guidance, your three year plan, I guess you'll roll out early 2025 again. It seems to us that you've got a lot of options to perhaps drop the capital, maintain the original guidance. I just wonder if you could walk us through the, what are the puts and takes on how you think about relative capital allocation across the three assets? Because it seems to me your optionality has probably never been better at this point.
Tom Jorden: Well, yes, Doug, I'm going to just repeat what you've heard us say. First thing we do, top line is make an estimate of what our cash flow will be given, a forecast of commodity prices and activity and results. And it's an iterative process and then we decide how much we want to invest, and we want to maintain a return of capital commitment. So we're typically in that 40% to 70% band. We've been on the low end of that and probably will be on the lower end of that. And then we calculate what our best returns are and we see what our production will be. We'll also look at severe downside pricing and make sure that if we were to see the Cronin [ph] prices, we would still get well in advance of our cost of capital. And with our cost structure and asset performance and capital efficiency, we're currently in a situation where we can drive that oil price down to $50 and many of our projects sub 50, and we would still get a return on capital that looks attractive to us. So, growth is an output, and our check against do we want to do that or throttle back forward, throttle further is really based upon that draconian downside. If we are well above our cost of capital and we feel confident about that, at the most draconian downside pricing, and we're within a capital return and cash flow reinvestment rate that we think maintains that discipline, we let the ship sail.
Doug Leggate: Okay, Tricky one to answer, Tom. I'll leave it there, but thank you. Thank you for giving a good feeling. Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Arun Jayaram at JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning, Tom and team. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of how your returns from the Harkey Shale interval are comparing and competing for capital with the upper Wolfcamp and, perhaps, going on in the Permian. Just talk a little bit about the implications of the first bone, second bone results in Lea County and the implications for that.
Tom Jorden: Yes, look, basin wide and of course, averaging is always difficult. And basin wide, we would say the Harkey is outstanding, but slightly less than the upper Wolfcamp. Depends where you are. But that, that's the answer. And then we're also seeing some, as we said, some really nice results from that section above the Harkey, Second bone, First bone in particular areas of the basin. So, look, it's just a question of A plus, plus A plus or A these are all A grade returns and delighted to have them.
Arun Jayaram: Fair enough. Tom Coterra is a large employer, community, player in the state of New Mexico. I was wondering if you could just talk about some of the regulatory risks that was raised recently around potential setback rules in the New Mexico legislature. I think these are pretty preliminary in nature, but I was wondering if you could talk about your understanding situation and potential risks to Coterra if you see them.
Tom Jorden: Yes, I mean, in a nutshell, I think that story was very overblown. There's always legislative studies, there's always committee discussions going on. We don't expect the setback issues that were in the media a week ago to be materially implemented. New Mexico, 50% of the state revenue, or just about 50% comes from oil and gas revenue. And a setback rule like that would be very damaging to state revenue. That said, we think New Mexico is a very responsible regulatory environment. They hold our feet to the fire both on emissions and environmental compliance. New Mexico is not the easiest place to operate. But I'll say this, it's a fair regulatory environment with really tough standards. But from time to time you're going to have these things crop up in any democracy. I mean, good Lord, look at some of the go back three or four months and some of the proposals that have been made in the national media, in the political campaign. And we all know it's just talk. We don't think that the setback rule is a serious risk to our industry at this time.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks, Tom. I'll turn it back next.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Nitin Kumar at Mizuho
Nitin Kumar: Hi, good morning, Tom and team. Thanks for taking my questions. In your prepared remarks, you talked a lot about the capital efficiencies that you've seen. Obviously 12% higher oil production for 14% less CapEx. You mentioned faster wells or drilling efficiencies. You mentioned a little bit better productivity and I believe some OBO as well. Could we get a breakout of what are the real drivers of this incremental capital efficiency? And what I'm really trying to get at is how sustainable are these into 2025 and beyond?
Tom Jorden: Yes, I'm going to turn it over to Blake, but I want to make one comment before Blake jumps in. Part of our outperformance on all volumes is because of our efficiency of operations. And one of the things that Coterra with our balance sheet and our stable cash flow, we have the luxury to have very stable field operations. And if we were to throttle back, it would lead to loss of efficiencies and actually cost us something. So, whether it's running a simul-frac crew full time or, our current operational cadence, we have this organization and operation at a point where our oil growth is really a function of cost savings from our efficiencies. But Blake, I'm going to turn that over to you.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, thanks, Nitin. It's a really good question and it's, to be honest, it's not always super easy to decompose because like Tom said, we focus on operational consistency, constantly improving our performance, going faster all the time. But we do look backs on all these things and that's really how we ground truth, our results. If I really had to take 2024 and look at it in a nutshell, the date, I'd say about two thirds of our beats are coming from timing, so going faster. But we do have some nice productivity beats coming as well and that's really the other third. And so we try to bucket those that way. Your other question, just, how long can this go on? We're, we're always asking that question. Our standard at Coterra is operational excellence. We want to be the best at everything we do, which means what we're doing today is not good enough. And so our teams are constantly challenged to find new ways. It always feels like there's not a lot of meat left on the bone, but if you told me a year ago we'd be here today, I would have lost that bet. Our teams keep finding ways to push the envelope and I won't be surprised if they find more in 2025.
Tom Jorden: Then we were asked that question around this time last year as we had sort of continued to up the guidance for the year and last year the answer was really closer to 50, 50 between the two. My sense is this year with simul-frac and with the increase in pump hours that the team has been able to achieve that, that's what really skewed that and weighted it to that two-third, one-third that Blake talks about in terms of outperformance in 2024.
Nitin Kumar: Great, thanks. Thanks for all the detail, guys. And I'm going to stick with costs and efficiencies. Imagine it will happen more as the call goes on. Couldn't help but notice that the Culberson County well, costs are at $860 per foot, which if I remember correctly, was the high end of the savings you expected from road development. So just wanted to see if again, how repeatable is that sort of $860 per foot and then two, you talked about not being fully committed to simul-frac just yet. If you were not to use simul-frac on a pad or a project, what would be the savings you would lose?
Tom Jorden: Well, about 30 million a year, give or take. It would cost us to not simul-frac. And I want to be clear on what we said, we're not prepared to be granular on 2025 plans. Don't confuse that with anything other than literally what that means. We'll release our 2025 plan next quarter. But Blake, why don't you.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, I think you read into that well, Nitin. I would say we are comfortable saying we are at the high end of our projected savings on Windham Row. It's gone really, really well. And so the forecasted costs go forward in Culberson. If we chose to pursue that type of program, we've laid out other road developments we see coming. You would see that cost being repeated over and over. And so that's really the tie between those two things. As far as, what if we went back to zipper fracking and Culberson? What could that look like? We'd lose at least $25 per foot. That's our simul-frac gains. There's also a few other gains in infrastructure and facilities that would back off of that, but that's probably about as close as I can get right now.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for the detail, guys.
Operator: We'll move next to Neal Dingmann at Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: Hi, Morning all. Thanks for the time, guys. My first question is on your Anadarko Basin specifically. Would you say that any of your future plans there, maybe next year after, are at all limited by the total lease position? If so, would you all consider bolting on or adding larger patches in order to run a steadier program there?
Tom Jorden: Well, Neal, at our current rate of investment, we've got a deep and long inventory in the Anadarko basin. But to your real question. Yes. If we could acquire additional assets in the Anadarko in a bolt on capacity and they competed for capital with our existing inventory in some reasonable timeframe, we would definitely consider that.
Neal Dingmann: Okay, that makes sense. And then, Tom, just moving to just sort of broadly production shield return, specifically, you all continue to nicely generate, I'd say, higher growth than the average E&P and continue to pay out a bit higher percent free cash flow than the average E&P. I'm just wondering, do you anticipate future production payout continuing to be a bit higher like this? Or again, is that as you were saying earlier, just sort of predicated on what the environment is next year on both those sides?
Shane Young: Neal, I'll maybe start off on that a little bit. I mean, the way we think about buybacks and shareholder returns in aggregate is starting with the base of 50% plus so that we hold dear. Above and beyond that, as we think about buybacks, there's really two things. What are the other options outside of buyback? And with regard to the buyback, I think we've talked about focusing on three things. One, what's the intrinsic value and is that attractive? And I think clearly by our actions we believe that to be the case and have all year. Two, what does the free cash flow profile look like not just in that quarter but really over the next three or four quarters? And does that support an active buyback program? And then three, what's our liquidity position? Do we have enough liquidity? And as we talked about earlier in the year, we came into this year with about $1 billion of cash and we've been pulling that down a little bit slowly leaning into the buyback program. Today we're around 840, but that still gives us more leverage and ability to lean in if we want to and potentially go down as low as the half a billion dollar area.
Neal Dingmann: That makes sense. Thanks, Shane.
Operator: We'll move next to Kalei Akamine at Bank of America. And Kalei Akamine, your line is open. You may have yourself started.
Kalei Akamine: Sorry about that, was on mute. Good morning, guys. Thanks for getting me on. My first question is on capital efficiency slide 19. It's a nice one. That shows a breakdown of the row savings and the frac operations are a big part of that. The leading edge however is simul-frac. So wondering any thoughts on pushing those fracs even harder? Or do you think that would be too disruptive to the program that you guys have built?
Blake Sirgo: No, that's a good question, Kalei. I mean we -- I can tell you, we look at everything. We're not scared at simul-frac or anything. The -- as we've talked about before, most of our assets in the Delaware Basin are pretty deep and pretty high pumping pressures. And so there's a real balance between the simul-frac and simul-frac and really understanding your projected downtime versus your cost savings, and you have to walk into that very carefully or you can think you're saving money, but really you're just going faster, potentially at an even higher cost. And so we're always studying those things. We think we've got simul-frac in a really good position in Culberson County. We've demonstrated the cost savings, and we know what those are go forward. But we'll always look at anything if we think it's really going to save money.
Kalei Akamine: Our understanding is that water access is a big enabler of simul-fracs. Are you set up waterwise to pursue that kind of program?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. In Culbersonand Leas County, we control our SWD systems completely. And these are on-demand live systems. We can deliver water anytime anywhere. We also control our power grids. And so we're able to deploy all the horsepower we need to move that water around. So that would not be an issue.
Kalei Akamine: Thanks, again. My second question is about LNG. Our understanding is that your new contract or a synthetic arrangement, which isn't that familiar to us. Can you kind of help illustrate how the netbacks are going to work? For example, is it JKM less some kind of fixed cost does the buyer have the FTE on the pipelines, I think we're all looking for a way to value this?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Kalei, I wish I could disclose those things to you. We've kind of put out as much as we can on these deals. What I'll say at a high level, these are physical gas sales directly tied from our wellhead to these foreign indexes. The path we're taking for each one is different on how we're getting there. Our focus, though, was to minimize variability as much as possible -- so we're really just rising and falling with these foreign indexes. And we achieved that on all these deals, and they're true netback sales deals.
Kalei Akamine: Awesome. Thanks for the comment.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Gruber at Citi.
Scott Gruber: Maybe I'll try the same question a little different way. At current global gas prices, would you be able to say how your gas realizations would improve if these contracts were enforced today?
Tom Jorden: Unfortunately, I can't quote that. I can tell you I wish they were enforced today.
Scott Gruber: Yes, okay. I thought I'd try and maybe just turn to gas hedging strategy. You guys added a bit to your hedges here in the quarter, but just a little bit. Can you just discuss how you're thinking about hedging on the gas side in the current environment? Obviously there's a big debate around where gas prices go next year. Just curious about your updated thoughts on hedging in the current environment.
Tom Jorden: Yes, absolutely. Start off with some comments that probably just apply broadly around hedging as it would generally try to be 20%, 25% at the low end, up to 50% at the high end in terms of a hedge position for the next 12 months. And then we may sort of begin to layer in even beyond that with some small volumes as we, as we build up. And that's where we sit today, really, on both commodities. On gas in particular, I would say we've got a little bit of a blended strategy of financial hedges that you see that are roughly 15% of the portfolio's expected production today. But at the same time, Blake and his marketing team are constantly out thinking about physical hedges as well. Direct deals with end users and trade houses and other parties. And so. And that represents, roughly another 15% of our volume. So in combination, as we sit today, you see us kind of hovering around 30% for the next 12 months, maybe 12 months plus a little bit into 2026.
Scott Gruber: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Portillo at TPH.
Matt Portillo: Good morning, Tom and team. Two high-level questions for me. Maybe first, starting off in the Permian. In Q3, you had very strong gas volume growth quarter-over-quarter. Just curious if you might be able to expand a bit behind the drivers on that. And then as we look forward with Matterhorn online, are you expecting any additional gas uplift in the coming quarters -- or because of your flow assurance, you had very little gas constraints year-to-date?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Matt, this is Blake. I'll take that one. Permian Q3 gas, there's really the only story there is some surprises in GOR to the upside, not a little stronger gas production than we were thinking from some wells. No real operational overprint going on there. As far as flow assurance and Matterhorn coming online, we've had flow assurance this whole time. That's number one for our marketing team. We flow the MCF first and prices second. So it hasn't been a flow assurance concern, but we do have a piece of our portfolio that is settled at Waha. And so if nothing else, we're excited to maybe get a little -- something north of zero would be great.
Matt Portillo: Perfect. And then maybe turning to the Marcellus. Just curious if you might be able to comment on as we kind of think about the Q4 time frame, the wells you've got endemic, the 11 wells. When you bring those on, is the plan to dewater them and then shut them back in to kind of push the volumes into 2025? And I guess, specific to 2025, with the lack of drilling and completion activity at the moment, how should we think about the time from which you pick up a rig to when we might see a volume impact if you do decide to pick back up activity next year?
Blake Sirgo: Well, first, on the -- yes, we are opening the wells to dewater them. That is part of our strategy. I think it's important to note, once we've drilled and completed wells, the capital spend, and we look at every molecule of gas in the Marcellus is the same. And so we manage the curtailment as a field, the most cost-effective way to do that is how we look at that. We don't really differentiate between TILs and base wells. So we will do water those. And like I said in my script, this is month-to-month. We're playing this month-to-month as our Northeast exposure moves up and down, we're making decisions on curtailments. As far as rig to volume, we -- Tom has pounded into all of us. We have on-ramps and off-ramps. That's how we build our capital program. And so we have on-ramps in the Marcellus. So we, should gas prices respond, we will be there to take advantage of it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Leo Mariani at ROTH Capital Partners.
Leo Mariani: I just wanted to ask a follow-up on the discussion around capital efficiency here. So obviously, your CapEx has been coming down here in 2024, which is certainly a nice trend to see and your volumes have gone up. So I know you have kind of a 3-year outlook out there, which presumably you'll update early next year. But should we be thinking at this point in time that the CapEx and the 3-year outlook is biased to the lower end based on the efficiencies. I assume a lot of these are going to be recurring over the next few years?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I would -- Leo, this is Blake. I would just answer that with, yes, the efficiencies we are realizing are repeatable, and we bake them in as we go. And so if we updated that same 3-year guide today, it would look better. But that's also highly dependent on what we choose to do in 2025, and we're not ready to disclose any of that yet.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Let me just add to that. There are other elements in drilling completion efficiencies. We have midstream investments that we make. We have outside operated investments. And part of our capital reduction this year was due to laying down our Marcellus activity meant that we spent less on what we had planned on some water infrastructure to support our drilling program. So there's a lot of moving parts to this. In general, yes, we're achieving greater and greater capital efficiencies. But you can't always just connect two points and draw a straight line in the future.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful to for sure. And then I just wanted to get a little bit more thorough thought on M&A strategy. Obviously, the balance sheet is in terrific shape. At this point in time, you just paid off another chunk of debt here. So as you're kind of thinking about allocating capital in terms of your free cash flow, how much does kind of M&A sort of to play into that? Are you still looking at kind of a number of deals out there? You did mention the Mid-Con [ph] deal could be possible. But do you think that there's other maybe deals also in the Permian that could fit for you folks over time? And are you still kind of seeing a lot of deal flow?
Tom Jorden: Yes. I want to just -- what I said on the Mid-Con deal was we would consider a smart bolt-on. Look, let me just answer that question broad. Context of what would really cause us to stretch. We talked about last quarter, I spent a fair amount of time in my opening remarks, talking about our position on value creation and how a lot of M&A as we see it, is flying a little too close to the ground. So the market has in our viewpoint, been pretty aggressive. Market pricing has been fairly leaned forward. We've also said we've been active in that marketplace. We've taken shots on goal, and we don't have any regrets. So I'm going to answer a question you didn't ask is what would cause us to stretch. Well, if we saw something that we could really build a new focus area on, if we were a place that had really high-quality rock, in an area we felt very comfortable from an operating environment that we could do what we do best in terms of build a capital-efficient program. And that could become another focus area of ours. We would consider stretching. But that's very theoretical. I just want to give you an idea of how we think. If it's just -- it's an asset that doesn't really do anything for us, and we'd have to stick our neck out. We'd probably say no, that's not going to fit our pistol.
Leo Mariani: Okay, thank you for the thorough response.
Operator: We'll move next to Charles Meade at Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Yes. Good morning Tom, Shane & Blake and the rest of Coterra team there. Blake, I want to go back, I believe it was your comments talking about how you're managing the Marcellus, and I want to explore that a little bit more as a way to try to understand a bit better how you guys are going to approach the optionality you have for more gas volumes or more gas activity. When I look at your 3Q results, it looks at least on the surface, it seems a little bit at odds to have 7 TILs in 3Q. But then you go back into a curtailment. But I think an earlier questioner said maybe you brought those online just to you order and shut them back in. Can you tell us how -- and I know you made the point that you look at it on a month-to-month basis, but the sequencing of how you -- whether it's TILs rigs, completion crews about how you would exercise your optionality if you chose to?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Look, curtailments make to math hard. I get that. It's the -- this is all operationally driven. We need to dewater new wells. And so we won't hold those back to be part of our curtailment. As I said, we look at every molecule once the capital has been sunk in the ground the same. And so we're managing these curtailments on a field level month-to-month. And that will include pinching back some new wells. It will include shutting in base production. So how would we respond to an increased gas market? Obviously the first is through curtailment. Lifting curtailments would be the first. We have some really great compression programs. We can speed up really quick. To increase production. That would be another way and then getting back after D&C. And we have shovel-ready projects ready to go, identified. The team is waiting for the phone call. So if we -- if we see those signals, we'll cut them loose and we'll be able to respond. But I think it's really important, as Tom has said multiple times, we're willing to miss the front end of the return to not fully participate in the down cycle. And that's really what we're doing right now.
Charles Meade: Got it. That is helpful, particularly the compression projects. And then the follow-up, going back to the Delaware, and you guys seem pretty pleased with your Lea County Bone brings results. And I'm curious -- can you give us a sense of the size of the road projects that you would choose to there versus your 57 well Windham Row project that you're working on right now?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. The -- I wish we could duplicate Windham Row across the Delaware Basin. It's really unique to Culberson County. That's our -- that's our joint development area with Chevron, where together, we control four contiguous townships. We own all the infrastructure and midstream we have complete flexibility to operate at will, and that's how we're able to capitalize on those efficiencies. So the roads are really unique to Culberson. I will say in New Mexico, because of all the stacked pay we have and all the benches, we can really maximize wells per pad. We can still get some great efficiencies on co-mingling and just sharing infrastructure. So it's a little more of a vertical road than it is a horizontal row, but we're seeing a lot of efficiencies just going back and prosecuting benches, frankly, in developments we've been after now for almost a decade.
Charles Meade: Got it. Thats great detail. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Cheng at Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Hi, good morning guys. I just want to clarify a little bit. When you're talking about the LNG sales contracts, do you have the flexibility that not delivering your own physical molecule and instead buy from the market and just ship it or that the franchise is a [indiscernible] sales and so you don't have that flexibility?
Shane Young: Yes. Unfortunately, Paul, I can't give that kind of color on these deals. I just echo again. These are netback sales deals directly tied to the foreign indexes we've listed.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And that for Waha, just curious that what you guys think we will Matterhorn be sufficient to really get the Waha gas price normal is it? I mean, we -- even after the startup, we still see me Waha gas pricing in the red. So just curious that, I mean, what do you guys have in mind?
Blake Sirgo: I think it will help for sure, but it's by no means the final solution for Waha. The gas growth in the Permian is separating from oil growth we are seeing higher gas growth year after year. You're seeing new projects already being announced and moving forward. And so growing gas is going to continue to be a concern for Waha and we're really focused on just how we manage our Permian portfolio and looking at all options to improve pricing there.
Operator: Next, we'll move to Grant Drake [ph] at Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my question. I was just wondering, do you see any opportunities for smaller acreage additions that can help further increase average lateral lengths across your portfolio? And how are you thinking about the outlook for cost per foot improvement on that front? Thank you.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Grant, this is Blake. Yes, we see opportunities for smaller acreage traditions. Frankly, like in the Permian, our team there does this all day, every day. There's lots of blocking and tackling that goes on within the Basin. Its pretty much done in the form of trades. Really, acreage is the currency of the realm in the Delaware Basin, and you have to have some to participate, but we're constantly blocking up to get longer lateral [indiscernible]. We've put out our go-forward cost per foot that we see as it is today going into -- if we had to AFE all these programs right now based on our current cost efficiencies and our current market rates.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. That's really helpful. And then for my next question, I was just wondering if you could speak a bit to your view on the call for natural gas from increased power demand over time. I guess, what are your latest thoughts on the incremental selectivity required from producers to meet this demand?
Shane Young: Brad, yes, Shane here. Look, I'll take that and it's probably a variety of opinions in the room on that. But -- we see that as a big driver, a big call on gas as we look through the rest of this decade, when it comes and exactly how big it is, the materials that we look at, the conversations that we have and study, there's a bit of a wide birth of where that could ultimately end up. But I think there is a feeling that there's probably in the 30% to 40% -- maybe a little greater than 40% of that incremental power demand could ultimately come natural gas-fired power. And it's going to have to be something like that, that's got that kind of reliability and dispatchability. So -- so we're really excited about it. We can't wait to see it materialize and that manifests itself into gas prices.
Tom Jorden: We study this as well as anybody can -- and we try to look at viewpoints that don't have economic or ideological investment in the outcome. And I might quote a slightly higher number than Shane in terms of the amount of the incremental power demand that must come from natural gas. There's no other solution in the time frame in which this power will be required and the reliability that will be required for this power -- there's no solution available other than natural gas for the bulk of it. So even if you're at the low end of the projection, it will be very, very constructive for natural gas demand. And we don't need much incremental demand to clear supply.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Tom Jorden for closing remarks.
Tom Jorden: Well, I just want to thank everybody for your interest, your questions and your support of Coterra. We intend to continue our operational cadence, hopefully come to the market with clear and transparent communication of our long-term strategy and continue to be top-tier returns in all aspects. So thank you very much.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello! Good morning, and welcome to the Coterra Energy 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session at the end of today's conference. I will now turn the call over to Dan Guffey, Vice President in Finance, Investor Relations and Treasury.
Dan Guffey : Thank you, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining Coterra Energy's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Today's prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, Chairman, CEO and President; Shane Young, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Blake Sirgo, Senior Vice President of Operations. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session. As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, were provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation, both of which can be found on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden : Thank you, Dan. Thank you to all that are joining us this morning. We're pleased to discuss our second quarter results with you this morning. Coterra had an excellent second quarter. We delivered strong financial results and a robust return of capital to our owners. We beat production guidance on all three streams. Oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids, came in on the low end of our capital guidance range, and delivered capital efficiency that demonstrates the quality of our assets and our organization. Shane and Blake will walk you through the details of our quarterly results and updated guidance. I would like to make a few comments regarding our positioning in the marketplace, gas, macro outlook, and perspectives on M&A. First, we've never felt better about our portfolio of assets. Coterra is uniquely positioned in the marketplace. Although we saw a 42% drop in realized natural gas prices between Q1 and Q2 2024, our revenue only declined a modest 12%. This financial resiliency affords us the opportunity to make sustained long-term capital allocation decisions without being buffeted by short-term commodity swings. In a cyclic business, flexibility is the coin of the realm. The combination of our balanced revenue stream, as well as our geographic and geologic diversity, gives us market flexibility. Additionally, our inventory depth and lack of long-term service contracts affords us the luxury to focus solely on the best capital allocation decisions. We can pivot between the Marcellus, the Anadarko, and the Permian as conditions and opportunities warrant. Next, a few thoughts on the gas macro. Simply put, gas markets are oversupplied. After bottoming out near 97 Bcf per day in May, U.S. natural gas production has rebounded to over 102 Bcf per day. This increase has come primarily from the Marcellus and the Permian, with the Marcellus contributing the lion's share. Although natural gas power demand has steadily increased over the past four years, largely driven by the retirement of coal-fired generation, a mild winter and inconsistent run time in LNG facilities have contributed to a near-term oversupply. Northeast storage is trending at or near the five-year max. Although we remain bullish on gas long-term, near-term supply-demand dynamics are placing downward pressure on natural gas prices and likely will continue to do so throughout the remainder of injection season. To that end, we have made the decision to curtail production once again in the third quarter. Additionally, we are exploring the option of delaying upcoming Marcellus turn-in lines and curtailing planned drilling and completion activity. We do not expect any of these decisions to materially impact our 2024 cash flow. These curtailments of potential capital changes are tactical responses to a temporary situation. Our capital allocation decisions are not made in response to fluctuations in the near-term strip. They are in response to macro market conditions. We have plans in place to rapidly restore or curtail activity in response to these changing macro conditions. With increasing LNG exports and growing natural gas power demand, we have a line of sight to a materially better natural gas market. Our industry does not need $5 gas to have a healthy runway. We do, however, need sustainable price support in the mid-$3s or better to motivate producers to bring incremental gas to market to meet growing demand. We remain ready and willing to do our part. When natural gas prices recover, and they will recover, Coterra is nicely positioned with significant exposure to the upside. Drilling and completion dollars are far and away the most significant expenditures we make. Rather than just curtailing existing production, the biggest impact on Coterra in responding to an oversupplied market will come from delaying or deferring drilling and completion investments. Remember, we do not manage Coterra around production goals. Production is an outcome of sound investment decisions. Our existing production is the consequence of yesterday's capital allocation decisions. We believe that it is never wise to make poor investment decisions to maintain or increase production, nor to assign any of our business units a budget that is there, fair share of capital. Today's decisions should be based upon today's reality. At current commodity prices, much of the Marcellus does not compete with other opportunities in our portfolio. Our core mission is to allocate capital prudently and prioritize our most profitable programs. The most profitable long-term Coterra will best be built by this disciplined capital allocation. We maintain the option to redirect capital to multiple other opportunities within our portfolio or to reduce capital expenditures. We remain focused on per share value creation through the cycles. Now, a few thoughts on M&A. Coterra has established a track record of outstanding execution, consistent top-Tier financial returns, and disciplined capital allocation among a diverse portfolio of assets. Adding quality assets to our portfolio would play to our strengths, and we have confidence that our organization would manage them exceptionally well. However, quality assets are only half the equation. The assets must come at a reasonable price, including a margin of safety. Buying assets at discount rates that are at or near our cost of capital at high commodity prices can be a recipe for disaster. Upswings in commodity prices, new technology or new geologic zones can save the purchaser, but disaster waits patiently on the other side. It will wait for a significant sustained downdraft in commodity prices and strike with lethal precision. Furthermore, disaster loves deals that are measured on single metrics, such as near-term free cash flow. We have seen this movie play out repeatedly in our industry. This is not a commentary on any particular deal, but a reflection on lessons learned through the years. Coterra has a deep and diverse inventory, significant and sufficient scale, and a pristine balance sheet that we will defend vigorously. We would love to add assets to our portfolio, but they must offer a combination of quality and value. We are willing to be patient, disciplined, and counter-cyclical. We are also willing to be lonely. Finally, last night we also released our 2024 sustainability report. We hope that you will find it to be a readable, fact-based discussion of the tremendous progress we have made, as well as the ongoing challenges we face. We remain committed to operational excellence with emissions reduction as a central tenant. Our organization is focused on this mission from the field to the C-Suite. We are deeply proud of this commitment and of the progress that we have delivered. We strive for an authentic voice when discussing these topics, and we hope you will find that our sustainability report reflects this. With that, I will turn to call over to Shane and Blake, who will provide detail on our quarterly results and outlook. First, let's hear it from Shane.
Shane Young : Thank you, Tom. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. This morning, I will focus my comments on three areas. First, I will summarize the financial highlights from our second quarter results. Then, I will provide production and capital guidance for the third quarter, as well as an update of the full year 2024 guide. Finally, I will provide highlights from the progress of our shareholder returns program. Turning to our strong performance during the second quarter. Second quarter total production averaged 669 MBoepd, with oil averaging 107.2 MBopd and natural gas averaging 2.78 Bcf per day. Oil, natural gas, and BOE production each came in just above the high end of guidance, driven by a combination of a modest acceleration of timing and strong well performance. In the Permian, we brought online 23 net wells during the quarter, in line with our 23 net well midpoint guidance. In the Marcellus, we brought online 12 previously deferred wells for a few days in June to de-water the development, but they contributed negligible volumes during the quarter, approximately 18 million cubic feet per day, or less than 0.1% of second quarter gas volumes. The higher than expected gas production in the quarter was primarily due to strong base production and outperformance of wells turned in line during the first quarter. We also turned in line 15 net wells in the Anadarko region, just above the high end of our guidance range. During the second quarter, pre-hedge revenues were approximately $1.3 billion, of which 75% was generated by oil and NGL sales. We reported net income of $220 million or $0.30 per share, and adjusted net income $272 million or $0.37 per share. Total unit cost during the quarter, including LOE, transportation, production taxes, and G&A, totaled $8.35 per BOE, near the midpoint of our annual guidance range of $7.45 to $9.55 per BOE. Cash hedge gains during the quarter totaled $36 million. Incurred capital expenditures in the second quarter were $477 million, near the low end of our guidance range. Lower than expected capital was driven primarily by timing, and we are maintaining our full-year capital guidance. Discretionary cash flow was $725 million, and free cash flow was $246 million after cash capital expenditures of $479 million. Our credit and liquidity ended the quarter very well positioned. Cash and short-term investments stood at $1.32 billion, $575 million of which will be used to retire notes coming due to September. After this debt retirement, total debt will stand at approximately $2.07 billion. Looking ahead to the remainder of 2024. During the third quarter of 2024, we expect total production to average between 620 to 650 MBoepd. Oil to be between 107.0 and 111.0 MBopd, and natural gas to be between 2.5 and 2.63 Bcf per day. Continued strong execution and well performance is expected to drive oil volume growth of approximately 2% quarter-over-quarter. Third quarter gas production will be impacted by our plan to curtail approximately 275 million cubic feet per day net in the Marcellus for August and September due to low expected in-basin pricing. This will drive a decline in natural gas volumes quarter-over-quarter, but not have a material impact on our cash flow. We will continue to monitor gas fundamentals closely and retain the optionality to respond to market signals on a month-to-month basis. Regarding investments, we expect total incurred capital during the third quarter to be between $450 million and $530 million. Turning to full year guidance, yesterday we increased our 2024 oil production guidance range to be between 105.5 to 108.5 MBopd for the year, up approximately 2.4% from our May guidance. Despite the shut-ins, we are maintaining our full year 2024 natural gas production guidance at the midpoint. Lastly, we are increasing our 2024 BOE guidance by 5 MBoepd at the midpoint from May. During the full year 2024, we are reiterating our incurred capital guidance to be between $1.75 billion and $1.95 billion, which is 12% lower at the midpoint than our 2023 capital spend. As previously discussed, our 2024 program modestly increases capital allocation to the liquids rich Permian and Anadarko Basins while decreasing capital by more than 50% in the Marcellus year-over-year. Finally, there are no changes to our 2024 per BOE cost guidance. Moving to shareholder returns. Last night we announced a $0.21 per share base dividend for the second quarter, or annualized at $0.84 per share. This remains one of the highest yielding base dividends of our peers at over 3%. Also during the quarter, Coterra continued to execute on its shareholder return program by repurchasing 5 million shares for $140 million at an average price of approximately $27.72 per share. In total, we returned $295 million to shareholders during the quarter for 120% of free cash flow. We remain committed to our strategy of returning 50% or more of our annual free cash flow to shareholders through a combination of our healthy base dividend and our share repurchase program. However, in response to low natural gas prices, we have counter cyclically increased our buyback during the first six months of 2024 and have returned over 100% of free cash flow. We continue to see our shares as a highly attractive use of capital. In summary, the team delivered another quarter of high quality results in the field, which resulted in another successful quarter financially for Coterra. Our business carries significant operational momentum into the second half of the year, and we are positioned for a strong finish to 2024. Moreover, we are on track to meet or exceed our differentiated three-year outlook we laid out back in February. With that, I will hand the call over to Blake to provide details on our operations.
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Shane. Our team's had another strong quarter of execution in the field. We continue to see increases in our pace of operations. We are drilling faster, fracking faster, and our well performance is meeting or exceeding expectations. This is leading to shorter cycle times, which is supporting production beats. In the Permian, we are currently running eight drilling rigs and two frack crews. Our plan to bring in a spot crew at the end of the year has evaporated due to the high efficiencies we have realized from both our electric crew and diesel crew operating in the basin. Both crews are achieving record pumping hours per day, which is allowing us to do more with less. However, these gains are accelerating modest amounts of capital into the year. This capital acceleration is offsetting our cost savings, which is keeping our 2024 capital guide intact. Efficiency gains are also showing up on the cost side of the equation with our 2024 $1 per foot estimated to come in at $1,065 per foot, which is down 11% from our 2023 cost. This 11% reduction is driven by the combination of year-over-year cost inflation and the efficiency gains we have discussed. In Culberson County, our Windham Row project is on track to meet or exceed our plan, both from a timing and cost perspective. To date, we have 21 wells producing, 25 wells completing, and 11 drilling. Thanks to our drilling team's great performance executing the Row, including a new Culberson record of drilling 6,119 feet of lateral in a day, we were able to add three more Harkey wells to Windham Row. This brings our project well count to 57 wells, including six Harkey wells, which will be co-developed with the Upper Wolfcamp. Additionally, our team has moved the drilling rig to the eastern side of the Windham Row, where we have begun drilling the 16 remaining Harkey wells that overlay the Wolfcamp. These wells are expected to come online in early 2025. Windham Row and expected future row developments in Culberson are the definition of oil field efficiency on steroids. The combination of our grid-powered rigs and frack fleet, centralized facilities and infrastructure, and the recent addition of simul-frac have lowered our Culberson cost structure 10% to 15% compared to our diesel zipper operations we previously ran in the county. Our simul-frac performance on Windham Row continues to beat our projections, and we see simul-fracing as a new weapon in the holster for Coterra in Culberson County. In the Marcellus, we are currently running one drilling rig and one frack crew. We have begun completion operations on our Rayias pad, which is the first of three Tier 1 lower Marcellus pads we will be completing from now through the end of October. We currently have no committed completion activity after these three pads. We have been watching northeast gas markets closely and responding to weak gas prices. Last quarter, we delayed 12 TILs due to softness in local gas markets. During the month of July, we brought on those TILs due to favorable pricing we were able to secure. Unfortunately, we were not able to obtain attractive pricing in August. So yesterday, we strategically curtailed 325 million cubic feet per day gross, 275 million cubic feet per day net across the field. This volume represents the portion of our near-term portfolio, which is exposed to Marcellus in-basin pricing. We continue to monitor northeast pricing and will extend this curtailment as warranted on a month-to-month basis. Furthermore, we are prepared to make further cuts as some of our summer sales commitments roll off in the shoulder season. As you would expect from us, we will continue to make decisions based on economics and value, not volume. In the Anadarko, we are running one drilling rig and recently completed the bulk of our planned 2024 frack activity. Currently, we are flowing back three projects, which are located in liquids-rich portions of our assets. Initial results from these projects look strong, and we look forward to discussing the economics of these projects once we have more production history. The Anadarko has shown its resiliency in 2024. The program remains competitive despite the headwinds in the natural gas market. Our Anadarko assets proximity to Henry Hub provides us some of the strongest gas realizations in our portfolio. Those realizations, combined with significant liquid contributions from NGLs and condensate, buoy our economics, making the Anadarko an attractive place to invest capital. At Coterra, we strive for operational excellence in every part of our business. We believe in safety over production, being good neighbors where we operate, and improving capital efficiency, all of which drives value creation. Our team lives this culture every day. We focus on execution, delivering on what we promised, and never settling for the status quo. And with that, I'll turn it back to Tom.
Tom Jorden : Thank you, Blake. Well now take questions. I'm delighted to hear what's on your mind.
Operator: All right, we will now move into the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nitin Kumar from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Nitin Kumar : Good morning, Tom and team. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a great quarter. Tom, you and Blake gave a pretty comprehensive overview of Windham Row. Two specific questions around that. One, as you have kind of progressed through that project and have increased wells and simul-frac, any specific learnings that we should expect to be incorporated into your program, not only in row developments, but also in your smaller Permian projects going forward or across your other operating assets? And then I just wanted to check, I think Blake said 10% to 15% cost savings, whereas the slides still say 5% to 15%. So just maybe understanding what has this project done for your costs in the Permian?
Tom Jorden: Yeah Nitin, I'm going to let Blake handle that.
Blake Sirgo : Yeah Nitin, really what we've seen in Windham Row is our simul-frac performance is meeting or exceeding our projections and that was a real question mark for us coming into it. Transition times on a simul-frac crew, is something we have never done before. And so we were all hoping we can hit the same efficiency we've seen in our zipper transition times, and we've been able to do that and bring that forward. And so, that's why we're increasing the amount of wells that we're simul-fracing on Windham Row. I do see this as something that we will use quite often in Culberson County specifically, because we have the contiguous acreage, we have the high well count per pad that really makes simul-frac work. As far as the other parts of the basin, we're absolutely looking at it. There is an economy of scale that you really want to get with the simul-frac crew. You need to be able to line up a whole lot of wells and have a big chunk of activity to tackle. And so we're looking where we can to use this even more.
Nitin Kumar : Got it. And on the cost savings, is it returning to the higher end of that 5% to 15% range?
Tom Jorden: Yeah, specifically when we're talking about the Windham Row savings, and it's a good market for future rows, we are turning to the higher end of that range, and that's why I quoted 10% to 15%.
Nitin Kumar : Got it.
Tom Jorden: You know Nitin, if I could just close the gap here. You said, what did we learn? When we launched off on this project, we got a lot of questions. It started out being a 51 well project, and we all have memories of projects in our industry that were over-drilled, perhaps over-promised and under-delivered. And we said at the outset that no, this is very well calibrated. This is just an operational demonstration of what we've already proven to ourselves. And I said here this morning, I'm looking at the production plot. We're obviously not sharing that, but I'm looking at a production plot of the 19 wells that are online. We have over half the wells completed in our initial 51 well bank. It's really  if there's anything, it's reaffirmed our operational ability to get this done. It's reaffirmed our calibration we've brought into it, reaffirmed the reservoir quality, and we are really pleased, and it's reaffirmed our commitment to do these kind of projects.
Nitin Kumar : Yeah, and it's really helped you guys deliver some strong results. For my second question, and I hope I'm not extending my welcome here. Tom, you are trending above 100% cash return or free cash flow this year. You've said in the past, you don't want to get in an arms race. How should we think about the rest of the year? Obviously, based on your other comments, gas macro is likely to be weak. Cotera is positioned well in terms of free cash flow. So maybe just for the rest of the year, could we expect you to be closer to that 100% for the rest of the year? Or do we go, slide down a little bit because your minimum is 50?
Tom Jorden: Well, then we're not going to pre-telegraph any activity, but I'll always answer the question philosophically, and then you can connect the dots. We remain opportunistic. We don't like to box ourselves in with rules, that's why we didn't want to enter in an arms race. I think when people make rules like that, they do themselves a disservice. We're going to be opportunistic and right now we look everywhere, whether its assets or what have you, we look for market disconnects. Are there things where the market's not seeing the value and can we swoop in and take advantage of that? And our buyback is squarely in our sights on that. Shane, do you want to say anything?
Shane Young : Yeah, I would just add, we're trending as you said, kind of at or slightly above 100% in the first six months of the year. It's interesting, if you just look at our base dividend and assume no more buybacks for the rest of the year, it gets us to about 68%, almost 70% of return for the full year. And again, we're not going to pre-guide anything for the third quarter or the balance of the year, but I would say we continue to see our shares as a very attractive opportunity that we'll continue to talk about and we're likely to continue to be active in that market.
Nitin Kumar : Great. Thanks for the color guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah, good morning gentlemen, Tom and team. Tom, I wanted to get your, maybe your updated thoughts on the three-year outlook. Shane mentioned that you've obviously raised your 2024 oil guide by a couple of percent. If we go back to your previous three-year outlook, it contemplated 110,000 barrels of oil in 2025 and 115 in 2026. Yet your third quarter guide at the midpoint is 109, so you are almost effectively at the 2025 number, so. I wanted to see if you could just talk about qualitatively how your views on that have evolved. You obviously have a new chart in the slide deck. And I guess the buy-side question is, do we use the 5% growth number on the revised higher 2024 outlook? Sorry, that was a little messy, but that was the main point, was just do we stack the growth rate on a higher 2024?
Tom Jorden: Well look, we're going to update our three-year guide once a year. We're not going to be updating our three-year guide on an ongoing basis. But it's not a three-year plan, it's a three-year guide and this was an argument we had internally when we decided to release it. It's a snapshot of what we think our assets and our organization could deliver based on current conditions. It's not a capital plan that we have committed to in the out years. It's a real plan backed with real locations, real opportunities and real results. But it's also an organic beast, and as we outperform, we're not necessarily going to say, oh my God, we're ahead of ourselves in our three-year plan. We have to pull back in the out years. That would be, I think, foolish on our part. So, I know I'm not directly answering your question, Arun, but if we end up blowing through a plan that we released in February, you are just going to have to forgive us for that.
Arun Jayaram: Got it.
Shane Young: As I said in my comments, I think we're well-positioned to meet or exceed the plan that we looked at, at the beginning of the year.
Tom Jorden: You know, we look at our returns. Obviously, you all, I hope, are really tired of hearing us say this, and we're going to continue to tire you out on this. We don't manage by production goals. Well, we look at  look, we look at the world oil markets, we look at U.S. supply, we look at all of that. But mostly, we look at the return on our investment and we say, how low can that oil price fall before we're at or near our cost to capital? And our cost of supply, we have very low-cost assets. We are really delivering robust returns that can stand a lot of price fluctuation.
A - Shane Young: So Arun, the only other point I'd make is, look, one thing we sort of learned over the first half of this year is we've continued to sort of push on capital efficiency and sort of what we deliver per dollar that we spend out there. And that wasn't necessarily  where we are today wasn't necessarily baked in to that plan when we rolled it out in February. We'll roll out another one until the next February, but we've certainly been continuing to incrementally improve on capital efficiency from the time we put that plan, or from the time we put that outlook out.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just maybe a follow-up on the 2024 program. Tom and team, you've designed this year to be kind of fairly balanced between your assets in Texas and New Mexico. But as we think about the well mix, about 60% of your first half 2024 program was concentrated in Culberson and Reeves. But as we look at the activity, the second half is going to be a little bit more New Mexico and Lee County. So I know all your rock is good, but are you going to be drilling, call it higher quality rock, just given how strong some of the acreage is in Southern Lee County, as we think about it on a second half versus first half basis? And maybe you could talk about some of the projects in Southern Lee that you plan to execute on.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah Arun, this is Blake. I'll take that one. I wish I could say we strategically put stronger rock throughout the year, but that's not really how we plan it. We have a lot of governors on our program. Obviously Windham Rose, a big concentrated project that demands a certain amount of CapEx. New Mexico is governed by a lot of things. Chicken season is the big one, and so we're coming out of chicken season, so we'll increase D&C activity, but also third party infrastructure. We have to get very far ahead of that and make sure we can execute those projects. And so it's just falling out where it is more as a planning cycle, not any strategic initiative there.
Tom Jorden: And I think most of you know what Blake is referring to, but we have the prairie chicken habitat in New Mexico, governed by federal rules that prevent us from operating during day like  evening hours in certain parts of the basin. It's something we have to manage around. By our observation, the prairie chicken is doing quite well, but we still respect their habitat and live by the regulations governing it.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks for the clarification, Tom. I was getting some incoming on what chicken season was, so I appreciate that.
Tom Jorden: Yeah, they roam free in New Mexico. If they cross the state line, they get barbecued. So it's...
Arun Jayaram: Sounds good. My sister-in-law's a vegan, she'll appreciate that. Thanks a lot, Tom.
Tom Jorden: All right, yeah.
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, guys. Very nice quarter, Tom. My first question is around your operational flexibility. You all did a really nice job of curtailing gas production and delaying tills when prices justify, unlike many of the pure gas EPs that just seem to continue to operate. And so I'm just wondering, going forward, what type of gas prices do you think are, you and Shane and the gang, are satisfactory to become more active? And then if so, how quickly then could you all move once these gas prices rebound?
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll take that in reverse order. We can move fairly quickly. We're looking at delaying turn-in lines, so that's almost instantaneous, depending on price response. We would like to see netbacks north of a dollar. And yeah, we do have gathering fees, we have transportation fees. And so I would say, in the lower Marcellus, we're probably in a pretty good drilling window if we're north of three, competing with other places in our portfolio. That's on netback. Now I'm quoting in IMAX price there. But the upper Marcellus, I think we'd like to see something in the mid-threes before it's really in the game. And we do have the luxury. I don't want to comment on other companies, but I understand. If all you had was one play, one basin, you're in a bit of a box when things go against you. We've got the luxury of redirecting. And quite frankly, we have the discipline to redirect and I hope you heard my opening comments for what they are. And they are our truth statement of how we look at the business. We are not going to  if we have to lay all activity down to zero and our production declines, that's the right decision. And none of us like it, but the alternative is to destroy capital or to be inefficient with our shareholders' capital, and we're going to seek to our maximum efficiency and best returns. So we're willing to do what it takes.
Neal Dingmann: Well said, Tom. And then my second question, just moving over to Anadarko, I think you really basically finished some activity there and certainly I think its slide five that shows you still have a lot of inventory. Just wondering, do you all believe you have ample acreage there for future development than just wondering if you'd ever consider adding anything in the play?
Tom Jorden: Well, look, we don't think we have ample acreage anywhere. My background is exploration. So look, we would seek to add assets throughout our portfolio if they create value and the problem is, some of the marketplace is just frothy and when you get into paying very low discount rates for future drilling, that's dangerous territory. And so we would seek places where we think we see value that the market doesn't recognize and we do that throughout our portfolio.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Abbott from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
John Abbott: Hey, good morning, and I'm on for Doug Leggett. Tom, it is election year. As you and your team just sort of sit there and plan your business going forward, what are you watching? Where do you think youre getting ahead of?
Tom Jorden: Well, yeah, I don't want to get drawn into politics, but certainly we live in interesting times. We're going to approach this very constructively. You know, I'll say this. I think it would be naive of us to view the outcome of the election as a straight binary good versus bad. I think that the pressures on this will be different depending on the outcome of the election, but they'll be pressures on us regardless of who wins the election. We have great faith that politicians, they campaign on one set of verbiage and then they get there and they realize, oh my goodness, we have an economy to manage and we have employment to manage, and we have geopolitical considerations and energy security, energy affordability and reality tends to temper a lot of electioneering. So, you know, we're  look, we're Americans first, and whoever is in control of our government, we're going to show up as Americans and do our part to make this country strong. I know that may sound trite, but that's the way we view it. We don't think that it's a simple binary choice quite frankly. I think that this call probably isn't a detailed opportunity to discuss this, but we're going to pressure on this regardless of who wins. Itll just come from different places and we're looking, thinking ahead. We'll be ready.
John Abbott: I appreciate it. And the next question is maybe for Shane here. So Shane, you are paying higher cash taxes this year and next. How do you kind of sort of think about your long-term cash tax rate?
Shane Young: Yeah. Well listen, I would say for the year were going to be a full cash tax payer. We anticipate that's what the latest quarter showed for us as well. I think a couple of calls ago we talked about some of the changes in the code, some of the 2017 tax reform roll off and first and foremost was the R&D tax credit and the R&D expense deduction process, and that's probably what moved us from being in that 10% to 20% range of deferred down to zero. That will ultimately unwind or normalized as it goes from a full year expense to a five-year straight line, but that's going to take a couple of years to get to that. So I think longer term, you'll see deferred tax move back up, but over the near term we're going to be a pretty full cash tax payer.
John Abbott: I appreciate it. Thank you very much for taking our questions.
Tom Jorden: Thanks John.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Kalei Akamine from Bank of America. Please go ahead. You may be on mute if you are trying to talk.
Kalei Akamine : Sorry guys, I was on mute. Good morning. Tom, my first question is on the better performance of the Marcellus base. And I think you had mentioned some help from the lower fuel pressures. And given where prices are, that may be a prevailing industry behavior in the second quarter as guys are holding some production back. So wondering if you can help quantify the beat versus your own expectation? And as we start thinking about 25, is there a base level of drilling activity that you'd like to hold to keep that program running efficiently?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, this is Blake. I'll take that one. You know, I don't want to signal to 25, but I'll talk about what we're seeing in 24. Yes, we have seen some lower field pressures due to our decreased volumes from holding back tills, and that has helped the base production. But we've also had a wellhead compression program that we started a couple years ago in the field. And we're still pretty early on into that, but it's outperforming our expectations as we came into the year. And so the team's really done a phenomenal job optimizing our wellhead program. And frankly, the volumes are just outperforming as we go into 24, really strong base.
Tom Jorden: On the second half of your question, there is not a level of activity where we think we need to hold momentum there. And that says if we were, and we haven't made this decision, but if we were to lay down drilling and completion activity, there's a certain ramp up to get that back. Now we'd have deferred turn in line, so we could respond. But you've heard me say before that we would do that, because we think it's prudent and we would rather miss some of the upside when we're on ramping than fully participate in the downside, and that's going to be our approach. All of our business units have zero-based budgeting. We look at the world fresh and we make the best decisions we can.
Kalei Akamine : Thanks for that. Next, maybe I'd like to follow-up on the Permian oil guidance, which to our mind, we're looking at the chart on page number seven, and it looks like 26 has been raised from maybe 115 to maybe 120. So as you sort of assess the performance that you saw here in the second quarter across the Permian well program, could you help allocate the performance across maybe a couple of items? We see that the wells are coming on faster, hence the Row development. The wells to sales however were sort of at the midpoint, and the CapEx for the entire full corporate program was at the low end. So it seems unclear if the beat was activity led, efficiency led or productivity led. And as you assess all those things, how does that set up the 25 program? Could we actually see the same amount of activity for less capital?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, this is Blake. I'll take that one. The slide on page seven, I mean, it shows a range of where we could land on that guide. But like Tom said earlier, that's a guide. We haven't committed to those plans that would generate that. Really what's driving our capital efficiency needs right now is the timing. It's efficiency in the field, going faster on all fronts. I'll give you an example. Our diesel zipper crew today completes 40% more footage in a year than it did five years ago. That same crew in Q2, it had a month that averaged 21 pumping hours per day and that was with two moves. We're just really in another step change of pumping efficiency. You see the same thing on our electric crew. You combine that with our pot savings on diesel versus grid power and throw our simul-frac efficiencies on top of that. We're just really in uncharted territory of efficiency gains that we've seen and it's increasing our capital efficiency. And as we build our plans out, those things all get incorporated. We build in our actuals and what we've learned, and then we will  as Tom and Shane both said, when we give our next three-year guide, that will be incorporated. The natural question is always how far can this go? Our D&C team assures me we can't pump more than 24 hours in a day, but we're going to give it hell.
Kalei Akamine : Thanks. I appreciate the comments.
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum from TD Cohen. Please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions.
Tom Jorden: Hi David.
David Deckelbaum: I wanted to ask specifically  hey, how are you? I wanted to just ask specifically about the Harkey, which seems to be getting some incrementally positive sentiment right now. Obviously, you've added some wells in the Harky program. I'm curious what you've observed sort of in the first three that you've completed, that's giving you confidence to perhaps come back and do another 12 to 20 in 25 and how we should think about those remaining Harky wells being developed.
Tom Jorden: Yeah David, on the Windham Row, we have not completed any of the Harky wells yet. We've got some drilling and we have  as Blake said, we're coming back overfilling that row, but we don't have any completed Harky wells on Windham yet. Again, we do expect strong performance out of those based on calibration, but we haven't completed any yet.
David Deckelbaum : I appreciate that. Just, on just the Marcellus curtailments, just perhaps curious on how you arrived at the specificity of what you're actually curtailing right now. I know initially you were deferring the TILs and then you brought some of those wells online. I guess, to some extent to dewater, but also to receive better pricing. How did you arrive at the 275 and would that number presumably expand if we don't see a recovery in the gas markets or is that the portion that you believe is not earning a margin right now?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, David. This is Blake. I'll take that one. It's really what you are hinting at. The way our portfolio works is our incremental volumes, the ones that sit on top, are sold into the really short-term cash markets in the basin. So the rest of our portfolio is a diversified portfolio anchored to all kinds of different indexes, whether it's NYMEX or Power or physical deals with great floors in them. Those netbacks are much higher on the rest of the portfolio. This 275 net really represents the part of the portfolio currently exposed to in-basin pricing. As Tom mentioned, we're kind of looking for north of $1 is what we would like to receive to bring those volumes back on. We do have other parts of the portfolio that are in summer sales right now. Those will roll off in the shorter season, and so if needed, we will have the ability to increase the curtailment. Obviously, we hope it doesn't come to that, but we're ready to do it if it makes sense.
David Deckelbaum : I appreciate the color.
Operator: All right. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Scialla from Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Michael Scialla: Good morning, everybody. You have said that you plan to do more of these multi-section developments like Windham Row. I was wondering if those are limited to Culberson County or do you have any thoughts about trying to launch those in any of your different operating areas in the Permian?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah Michael, this is Blake. The giant rows like Windham Row, that's really going to be unique to Culberson County, just because of the acreage position we have to execute. But we chase economies of scale off our entire program. Wells per pad is a huge driver for us. You go to New Mexico, where we have multiple bin chips to exploit. It might be a small acreage footprint, but we can get a lot of wells on a pad. A lot of these efficiencies, we can carry on to smaller projects, but just not quite the level we can in Culberson County, where we can string together six, seven DSUs and just go camp out, march across, and maximize every one of these little efficiencies. It's pretty unique to Culberson County.
Tom Jorden: Well, Culberson County is unique to Delaware Basin. When you get up into New Mexico, it's pretty crowded. But Culberson County is a huge contiguous block of acreage that we operate, and so it really provides amazing operational flexibility, not only for configuring drilling projects such as the Windham Row, but controlling our own infrastructure, and that would include saltwater disposal, gas gathering and compression, and our electrical grid has had benefits that quite frankly, we didn't fully anticipate when we made those decisions to control our own destiny there.
Michael Scialla : I appreciate that. I know you mentioned last quarter, looking at Windham Row, that you felt like it was better to co-develop the Harkey on, I believe, the western portion of that acreage. I think, Tom, you mentioned lower pressures in that area were part of that. I just wonder if that is, and I understand you haven't completed any of these wells yet, but just want to see if there's any better understanding of the key there to where you co-develop and where it's better to independently develop the Harkey and the Upper Wolfcamp.
Tom Jorden : Yeah, we don't have rock-solid conclusions, but some of the science experiments that we ran were actually on the eastern side of the row, and we did see a little bit of interference between the Harkey and Wolfcamp. Now, I said on our last call that even if we ignored this, these Harkey wells still are very, very attractive opportunities. But we believe that we may have a little better recovery if we co-develop. Now, we had quite a debate, because we don't think we have rock-solid conclusions there, but we said, look, while we're still collecting data, let's change our default option to be co-developing, because we certainly don't think that does any harm. So therein lies our approach. Until we see otherwise, our default option is going to be co-develop where we can. So we don't expect to see any significant degradation because of the timing of when we're coming back there, and we'll continue to update you as we gather more data and make our conclusions.
Michael Scialla : Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Portillo from TPH. Please go ahead.
Matt Portillo : Good morning, all.
Tom Jorden: Morning. Morning.
Matt Portillo : Tom, I know it's probably a little bit too early to specifically talk about 2025, but you gave some great color on Marcellus drilling economics with the lower being in the money at strip and the upper probably needing a little bit higher prices to justify the drill bit for next year. Just looking at the Anadarko program, it looks like you guys have had some great well results and strong returns. Just curious, is there potentially a scenario here where returns would justify dropping the remaining rig in the northeast, heading into 2025 and picking up a rig or two in the Anadarko to target that liquid rich development program that's driving strong returns for you all?
Tom Jorden : Well, Matt, we're not prepared to talk about 25 because we haven't  we just haven't crystallized those plans yet. But I hope I was clear from my opening remarks that my answer is hypothetically, yes. To the extent that we don't have lease commitments, to the extent we don't have vendor commitments or marketing commitments, we would be prepared to pivot capital anywhere to the highest productive use. So yeah, the scenario you laid out would be a possibility amongst many others.
Matt Portillo : Perfect. And then just as a follow-up question, as you mentioned, you have some summer contracts rolling off into the shoulder season. Is there any incremental color you might be able to provide in terms of how much you could potentially curtail? I know it's going to be price dependent and kind of market dependent, but just trying to get a sense of how much that magnitude might be able to increase in October and beyond if you guys so decide it.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, this is Blake. I can't give you exact volumes that we could increase. Obviously we have a layered portfolio. We haven't been putting in a lot of long term deals lately, just because of where the markets have been. But all that is considered every time we have anything coming up for expiration. But it'll be more volume. We're not ready to say how much.
Matt Portillo : Thank you.
Tom Jorden: You know, Matt, I just want to say one quick, make one quick point, that I don't want it lost on the audience. When we say flexibility is the coin of the realm, that means a lot of things to us. It obviously means quality of assets, ability to have online real calibration of your economic results, willingness to pivot your capital. But all of that is made possible by flexibility in our vendor commitments. Blake and his team worked really hard during the past year and the year before it, to make sure that we weren't locked down with annual contracts that prevented our flexibility. We have great relationships with our vendors that wouldn't have been easy with a different vendor set. But good relationships mean we trust them, but they also trust us, because of how we behave to one another. So I just cannot tell you how important it is to us that we have vendor relationships that allow us to lay down activity and then pick it up. We're not locked into long term contracts. Quite frankly, if you look at the landscape, you are going to find that that is not universally true, but it's true for Coterra, and we worked hard to get ourselves in that position. It's a testament to Blake and his team.
Matt Portillo : Thank you.
Operator: All right. Our next question from Kevin McCurdy from Pickering Energy Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin McCurdy: Hey, good morning, team. I think you've hit on the Marcellus plenty, but maybe I'll just try to sneak one more in there. I know that you haven't traditionally delayed turn in lines after completion in the Marcellus. Is there anything that you learned from the last batch that would change your thinking heading forward on that?
Tom Jorden : No, nothing that would change our thinking. I will say the last batch did exceed our longest shut-in time that we've ever had in the Marcellus. So there was some questions going around on the team on, all right, we're kind of in uncharted waters here. What's going to happen? Luckily, the wells look great. When we opened them up, they performed wonderfully. We were able to get all the water off of them just like we hoped, and the production results were really strong. So I think if anything, maybe it kind of reinforces our ability to keep wells shut-in longer.
Kevin McCurdy : Great. And then touching on the Anadarko. I mean, we obviously noticed the positive results this quarter, and that certainly contributed to the beat. Was there anything specific that led to the acceleration there in turn-in lines, or is that just kind of cycle times improving?
Blake Sirgo: Some of the same cycle times we've been discussing in the Permian, we have one cohesive D&C team at Coterra. No one operates in silos around here, and best practices, they chase like wildfire. So all the same things we're doing in the Permian to improve our cycle times and our efficiencies, that's also going on in the Anadarko and the Marcellus. We just don't talk about it as much, because the capital spend is not as high. So you don't see it quite as much. But yes, all the same great things going on with those Permian crews, it's happening in Anadarko and Marcellus also.
Tom Jorden: That's a hidden benefit of being a multi-basin operator and being an operator that has fluid and open communication across our platform. That a good idea in any one part of our organization spreads like wildfire. Being a multi-basin operator makes us a better operator in all three basins.
Kevin McCurdy : Great. Appreciate the time.
Operator: And we are at the allotted time. So I'll now turn it back over to Tom Jorden for closing remarks.
Tom Jorden : Well, I want to thank everybody for joining us. As always, we prefer talking about results than undifferentiated future promises, and we intend to work hard to continue to deliver them. So, thank you very much for joining us this morning.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Have a pleasant day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Audra, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy Inc.'s First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.
 [Operator Instructions]
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dan Guffey, Vice President of Finance, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead. 
Daniel Guffey: Thank you, Audra. Good morning, and thank you for joining Coterra Energy's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, Chairman, CEO and President; Shane Young, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Blake Sirgo, Senior Vice President of Operations.
 Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session. As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures, forward-looking statements and other disclaimers, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation, both of which can be found on our website.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. 
Thomas Jorden: Thank you, Dan, and welcome to all of you who are joining us on the call this morning. We're pleased to report that Coterra had an excellent first quarter. Our total equivalent production for the quarter was 686,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was near the high end of our guidance. 
 Oil production averaged 102,500 barrels of oil per day, which was 3,500 barrels of oil per day above the high end of our guidance. This beat in oil production was driven by a combination of well performance that exceeded expectations, production optimization and timing.
 Natural gas production averaged 2.96 billion cubic feet a day, which was slightly above the high end of our guidance. Capital expenditures came in at $450 million, which was below the guidance range. This was a combination of timing and cost reductions and completions. Blake will provide further detail on this. We have raised our full year oil guidance while leaving our natural gas guidance unchanged. Shane will provide commentary here.
 As we previously said, our capital guidance for 2024 includes room for adding additional Marcellus activity, if our received prices in the Marcellus were to rebound. Of course, any additional activity will be evaluated against other shovel-ready opportunities in our portfolio. Rapid and severe commodity price swings are feature of our business. As much as we try to anticipate and predict market movements, there is an inherent humbling unpredictability to them.
 During Q1, we saw upward movement in Oil, coupled with downward movement in Gas. Despite these swings, Revenue at Coterra for Q1 2024 came in roughly flat with revenue for Q4 2023. This stability in revenue allows us the luxury of maintaining a consistent level of activity, while retaining significant upside exposure to a gas price recovery.
 We did, however, delay some Marcellus turn-in-lines during Q1. We currently have 2 pads comprising 12 wells completed and waiting to be brought online. We have ongoing completion activity and are making the go/no-go decision on bringing wells online on a monthly basis. Blake will provide further detail on this.
 In spite of near-term headwinds, we remain wholly optimistic on natural gas. With coming LNG export capacity, near-term power demand and the evolving discussion about the long-term power demands of AI-driven data center needs, it is hard not to be constructive on the future of Natural Gas. We watch this conversation closely and have heard forecast for incremental Natural Gas demand driven by growing data center consumption that range from 3 Bcf per day to 30-plus Bcf per day, by the year 2030. We will welcome increased demand anywhere within that range.
 Finally, we are pleased to once again be reporting results that exceed expectations. Our organization is highly focused on operational excellence, costs, safety, emission reduction and on being responsible members of our communities. I want to acknowledge the tremendous work and dedication of our entire organization from the field on up. This includes, in addition to field office staff, contractors and service partners.
 At Coterra, we continually choose progress over comfort. And our strong culture of optimization, innovation and financial discipline continues to be an important competitive advantage.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Shane. 
Shannon Young: Thank you, Tom, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. This morning, I'll focus on 3 areas: first, I will summarize financial highlights from the first quarter results, then I will provide production and capital guidance for the second quarter, as well as update our full year 2024 guide. Finally, I'll provide highlights for our recent bond offering and the progress we're making on our shareholder return program.
 Turning to our strong performance during the first quarter. First quarter total production averaged 686 MBoe per day, with Oil averaging 102.5 MBo per day and Natural Gas averaging 2.96 Bcf per day. Oil and natural gas production came in above the high end of guidance, driven by strong well performance and a modest acceleration of Permian TIL timing. 
 In the Permian, we brought on 22 wells versus 21 wells at the midpoint of our guidance. In contrast, in the Marcellus, we tilled 11 wells below our guidance of 23 wells. I will discuss this further later in my remarks. 
 During the first quarter, prehedge revenues were approximately $1.4 billion, of which 62% were generated by Oil and NGL sales. In the quarter, we reported net income of $352 million or $0.47 per share and adjusted net income of $383 million or $0.51 per share. Total unit costs during the quarter, including LOE, transportation, production taxes and G&A totaled $8.68 per BOE, near the midpoint of our annual guidance range of $7.45 to $9.55 per BOE.
 Cash hedge gains during the quarter totaled $26 million. In current capital expenditures in the first quarter totaled $450 million, just below the low end of our guidance range. Lower-than-expected capital was driven primarily by timing and we are maintaining our full year capital guide. Discretionary cash flow was $797 million, and free cash flow was $340 million after cash capital expenditures of $457 million. 
 Looking ahead to the remainder of 2024. During the second quarter of 2024, we expect total production to average between 625 and 655 MBoe per day. Oil to be between 103 and 107 MBo per day and Natural Gas to be between 2.6 and 2.7 Bcf per day. In other words, we expect Oil to be up approximately 2.5% quarter-over-quarter on continued strong execution. Regarding investment, we would expect total incurred capital during the second quarter to be between $470 million and $550 million. 
 As a result of low natural gas prices, we have chosen to defer the turn in line of 2 separate Marcellus projects totaling 12 wells. Based on current in-basin pricing, we don't anticipate bringing any projects online in the Marcellus during the second quarter, resulting in lower gas volumes quarter-over-quarter before flattening in the second half of the year. 
 Yesterday, we increased our full year 2024 Oil production guidance range by 2.5 MBo per day to between 102 and 107 MBo per day for the year. Or up approximately 2.5% from our initial guide in February. There is no change to our full year 2024 BOE and natural gas production guidance. Similarly, there are no changes to our unit cost guidance or turn in well -- turn-in-line well counts for the year.
 For the full year 2024, we are reiterating our incurred capital guidance to between $1.75 billion and $1.95 billion, which is 12% lower at the midpoint than our 2023 capital spend. As previously discussed, our 2024 program will modestly increase capital allocation to the liquids-rich Permian and Anadarko Basins, while decreasing capital by more than 50% in the Marcellus year-over-year. 
 Moving on to shareholder returns. As previously announced, during the first quarter, we successfully issued Coterra's inaugural bond offering of $500 million of senior notes carrying a coupon of 5.6% and a maturity of 2034. We were pleased with the timing of the transaction and the reception of the Coterra story in the market. We intend to use the proceeds of this offering along with cash on hand to retire a $575 million 2024 notes at maturity during the third quarter. 
 Until the maturity, we have invested the proceeds and time deposits at a similar interest rate to the coupon of the notes. Coterra continues to maintain its low leverage profile with a ratio of 0.3x at the end of the first quarter. Our target leverage ratio remains below 1x even at lower price scenarios. This refinancing allowed us to extend our maturity profile, maintain a high liquidity position and affords us modest deleveraging, while maintaining a robust shareholder return program in 2024.
 During the first quarter, Coterra continued to execute on its shareholder return program by repurchasing 5.6 million shares for $150 million at an average price of $26.94 per share. In total, we returned $308 million to shareholders during the quarter or over 90% of free cash flow. 
 We remain committed to our strategy of returning 50% or more of annual free cash flow to shareholders through a combination of our healthy base dividend and our share repurchase program. Last night, we also announced a $0.21 per share base dividend for the first quarter, maintaining our annual base dividend at $0.84 per share. This remains one of the highest yielding base dividends of our peers at approximately 3%. 
 Management and the Board remain committed to responsibly increasing the base dividend on an annual cadence. In summary, the team delivered another quarter of high-quality results in the field, which resulted in another successful quarter financially. Our business has significant operating momentum and we are poised for a strong 2024 and are on track to meet or exceed the differentiated 3-year outlook we provided in February.
 With that, I will hand the call over to Blake to provide details on our operations. Blake? 
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Shane. This morning, I will discuss our capital expenditures and provide an operational update. First quarter accrued capital expenditures totaled $450 million, coming in just below the low end of our guidance. Our strong execution in the field continued in Q1, with our oil production coming in at 102,500 barrels of oil per day, above the high end of our guidance. 
 We are seeing continued completion gains in the Permian, led by reduced transition times on our diesel crew as well as strong initial performance from our electric simul-frac crew in Culberson County. During the first quarter, our 2 Permian crews and 1 Anadarko crew hit all-time highs in efficiency with record pumping hours per month. These efficiencies are coupled with new contracts that ensure when we gain efficiencies, it is realized in our dollar per foot and not just in our cycle times.
 We are currently running 2 frac crews and 8 drilling rigs in the Permian. We continue to benefit from operational efficiencies, including cost savings on electrification, leveraging existing facilities and infrastructure as well as improved cycle times. Faster cycle times drives more footage in the year, also contributing to lower dollar per foot. As a result, we estimate our Permian cost around $10.75 per foot, roughly 8% below our 2023 dollar per foot. 
 Our Windham Row project is off and running with 34 wells now drilled and our simul-frac operations underway. Our electric simul-frac crew is powered directly off our Coterra-owned grid with no generation in the field required. We are seeing encouraging initial performance from our simul-frac crew with an increase of 1,000 completed feet per day versus our normal zipper performance with a decreased cost of $25 per foot. 
 When we combine our simul-frac efficiencies with the current cost spread between diesel and grid power, we are realizing a total cost savings of $75 per foot, compared to current diesel-powered zipper operations. One update to the Windham Row project is the addition of 3 Harkey wells to the western part of the Row, bringing the project total to 54 wells. 
 Recent tests in our Culberson asset have shown a possible benefit to codeveloping the Upper Wolfcamp with our Harkey Shale landings. This observation is different than what we've seen with our other Harkey projects across the basin. And these 3 new codeveloped wells will help us further understand the interaction between these zones.
 Due to strong execution on the project so far, we were able to fit these 3 new wells to our existing schedule without incurring additional facility or infrastructure costs. As previously discussed, we expect to execute large Row development for many years to come in Culberson County. Our Permian team continues to build momentum and is off to a strong start in 2024.
 In the Marcellus, we are currently running 1 rig and 1 reduced frac crew. Our focus in the Marcellus continues to be decelerating activity and reducing costs as near-term gas markets remain challenging. Our Marcellus program is buoyed by our long-term sales portfolio, which contains multiple indices and price floors, which come into play at lower NYMEX pricing. 
 We currently have 2 pads consisting of 12 wells in total that we are delaying turn-in-lines. Each incremental molecule we bring on receives in-basin pricing compared to the rest of our portfolio. Therefore, we are choosing to delay these TILs until we see stronger local pricing. We have also chosen to delay a portion of our wellhead compression program into 2025, so as not to accelerate volumes into a weakened market. Our teams are focused on reducing costs in the field and looking for ways to optimize our capital spend. 
 As we have discussed, our Marcellus business unit has several strong projects that are teed up and ready to execute later in the year, should macro conditions warrant. In the Anadarko, we are currently running 2 rigs and 1 frac crew. We are in the middle of a large block of completion activity, with 3 projects being fracked over the first half of 2024. These projects are focused on liquids-rich portions of our asset, which maintains strong economics in the current gas environment. Our consistent activity in the Anadarko is starting to bear fruit. As we have seen our drilled feet per day increased 15% year-over-year, as well as an increase of 10% in pumping hours per day compared to a year ago.
 Our Anadarko team continues to compete for capital and the returns across the basin remains strong. Our operating teams at Coterra are firing on all cylinders. We continue to make positive strides across all areas of operations, including new initiatives that are materially reducing well trouble costs, minimizing production downtime, beating our emissions targets, improving our cycle times and gaining new efficiencies. Our field operations are the heartbeat of our company, and they continue to fuel our momentum.
 And with that, I'll turn it back to Tom. 
Thomas Jorden: Thank you, Shane and Blake. We're pleased with our continued execution momentum as we march through 2024. We appreciate your interest in Coterra and look forward to discussing our results and outlook. As always, we like talking about results, more the future promises, and we're always pleased to deliver them.
 With that, we'll turn it over to questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
 We'll take our first question from Nitin Kumar at Mizuho. 
Nitin Kumar: Tom and Shane, congrats on the great results. Tom, I want to start off in the Marcellus, and you deferred 12 completed wells for later in the year. The plan still calls for about 29 wells to be put online. Could you maybe talk us through how are -- what are the market conditions? Is there a specific price? Or is there a supply or demand equation that you're looking at to, one, bring on the 12 wells? And 2, how would you think about the rest of the program for the year? 
Thomas Jorden: Thank you, Nitin. Well, first, I'm going to say if there's a specific price or a complex formula, nobody has shared that with me yet. But we're looking at our received price. And quite frankly, we sell into indices. Leidy is the one that we typically point to. And when it's -- I would say, when it's sub $1.50, we really look at that and we say, okay, what's the outlook for that? And we do have transportation and LOE that comes off of that. And I wouldn't say there's a particular price. But I'll say this, we do have a very low cost of supply.
 But I think we probably would like to see our netback north of $1. And so we're watching that. We're making -- as I said in my remarks, we're making that on a month-to-month go/no-go basis. We -- our current model has us bringing additional wells online in July. Whether we do that or not, we're optimistic, but we're not going to be driven by our model. We will be driven by the way the terrain looks on the ground.
 I want to say that there's 2 issues, when you ask what price. There's the price for when we bring wells online, but it's also the price of when we would increase our investments. As I said, our capital program has room for a ramp-up. And if we were to do that, we really see a strong rebound in our volumes going into 2025 and '26. And that's a whole different price comparison. 
 But as I said, we're really constructive on Natural Gas. But look, we're in a real hostile near-term environment, and we think just moderating these turn-in-lines just the way to go. We're also going to look and see what others do. There's a lot of gas, a lot of players doing what we're doing. And when we bring these wells online, we're going to be thoughtful and look at the market conditions and if there's a flood of gas coming online, that may impact our decision. 
Nitin Kumar: Great. Tom, and I appreciate that. I want to shift to the Permian and talk about the Windham Row. Could you maybe talk a little bit about what have you seen, obviously, adding a few wells in the Harkey is a positive. But what are you seeing? And what are some of the lessons learned? And if you can walk us through the 5% to 15% cost reduction that you're seeing, if I think about $1 billion spend in the Permian this year, could we look at something which is 10% less capital spend in the Permian for the same result down the road? 
Thomas Jorden: Yes. I'm going to hit the Harkey and let Blake look at the cost reduction. Our general observation in a lot of our Delaware program is that in our assets, our observation has been that whether we exploit these reservoirs 1 layer at a time or not that we don't really see any incremental recovery out of a drilling spacing unit.
 So doing them in stages allows us to really take full advantage of our infrastructure because we can stage volumes in and not have to build facilities for the absolute peak production because these wells do decline. And if you build your facilities for absolute peak production, you find that they're very early in the life underutilized. But we did on another project in Culberson County, where things are a little different. It's on the western side of the basin, a little lower pressure. We did see on an experiment we did over the last year or 2, that codeveloping the Harkey and the Wolfcamp at the same time versus waiting 12 to 18 months and coming back with the Harkey, I'd say 12 to 24 months, we did see what we think is an incremental boost in recovery.
 We're not concluding that but we prudently added the Row and a few Harkey wells. And I'll say this, while we continue to learn, I think on new projects, you're going to see that in Culberson County is probably our default option. As we continue to learn, and we're not chiseling and granted final conclusions here. 
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I'll take the cost question. When we talk about Windham Row and simul-frac. The simul-frac is going very well. I mean, right out of the gate, the performance has been strong. We were hoping we would see at least $20 per foot. To date, we've seen about $25. And there's room for that to go even further, but we're early in the game there. We're watching it very close. 
 As far as how we can expand these learnings, we're only simul-fracking 27 wells in the Permian this year as part of Windham Row. But with this initial success, our Permian team is looking hard at how we could exploit this across our whole drilling program. I wouldn't take that and slap a 10% cost change on the whole program because you got to have just the right number of wells per pad to make simul-frac really cost effective, but our teams are looking at that now, and we're excited to see where it goes. 
Operator: We'll go next to Arun Jayaram at JPMorgan. 
Arun Jayaram: My first question is on cash return. You returned 90% of free cash flow this quarter. But I wanted to get maybe some broader thoughts on just the overall philosophy given your views on the valuation of the stock. You recently issued $500 million of notes to help refund the payment of the $575 million maturity later this year. How did cash return, Tom, attractiveness of the valuation of the stock play into that decision?
 You have about $1 billion of net cash on the balance sheet today, excluding that recent notes issue. How do we think about the minimum cash balance and perhaps thoughts on leaning in the balance, on the balance sheet in addition to free cash flow to buy back the stock? 
Thomas Jorden: Yes, I'll let Shane handle that one. 
Shannon Young: Yes, I appreciate the question. I'll take it. Look, we look at a variety of things. We think about the return program and the pace. And look, you've touched on many of them. First and foremost, we look at valuation, and we believe our stock is a compelling valuation. 
 And if so, then we're going to be inclined to do more there. The second is liquidity and where does liquidity sit and you know what our target is and we're sitting above our target as of the end of the first quarter. And then the third is the free cash flow of the business in any given period. And there's other things, but I think if we triangulate around those, it's helpful.
 As we were getting into late last year, we were having a discussion around here about how to handle the 2024 maturity. And we looked at a variety of scenarios. We had good cash on hand and liquidity. So that was one option to do cash. We had -- and as we got into the early part of this year, the market began to really improve for new issuances of debt and that's been an option for us, and that ended up being generally speaking, the path we took.
 So we'll be repaying $575 million of debt later this year, largely with the proceeds of the $500 million new issue and a little bit of cash on hand. But that really clarified that question for us as to what kind of impact that maturity could have on our liquidity. And once it did, with a combination of free cash flow and attractive stock price, you saw us lean into the share buyback program in the first quarter. 
Arun Jayaram: Great. And Shane, what do you view as the minimum cash you'd like to keep on the balance sheet? 
Shannon Young: We've gone as low as $600 million over the last, call it, 7, 8 quarters. And -- and again, I think that probably as low as we go. We target $1 billion. We've been as high as $1.4 billion. And I think you'll continue to see us live somewhere in that range. It's a broad range. But I think you'll continue to see us reside within that range. 
Thomas Jorden: So it's -- If I could just add some color. We have relaxed a little bit our $1 billion number on cash on the balance sheet. We have plenty of liquidity. Our buyback is really because we see value in our stock, quite frankly, we look at net asset value, and we think our stock is a really prudent buy. 
 And then as far as our overall leverage, I don't think anybody is going to accuse Coterra being overlevered. You've heard me say before, I'll never lose a minute of the sleep worrying about how low our debt is. I know that somehow violates financial theory. I just have good balance sheet management. But when you live in a cyclic commodity business, you find that people that read those business school textbooks on financial theory into the filing on the way with their bankruptcy papers. And we're going to manage Coterra for the long run. 
Arun Jayaram: Yes, it's a sleep [ well ] at night balance sheet. My follow-up is just maybe for Blake is your Marcellus well costs are guided down to $950 a foot in the second half versus $1,200 a foot in the first half. Talk to us about that decline? And what's the good go-forward run rate? 
Blake Sirgo: The decline is really just driven by the well set that we're bringing on that part of the year. We have some great, really long laterals that are in there and they trend on a lower dollar per foot. Run rate is kind of hard to pin down exactly, one, it depends if you're talking upper Marcellus lower Marcellus. I think it could be anywhere from $1,000 to $1,200 per foot. It's probably going to flow in there. Lateral lengths could drive that a little lower. 
Operator: We'll move next to Neil Mehta at Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: Tom, really great quarter. The first question I had was just -- we've seen so much consolidation across the landscape -- the energy landscape. And certainly, you guys did your large deal a couple of years ago, but I just love your perspective on the role of Coterra and future consolidation and where do you see bid and ask and do you see any gaps in the portfolio? 
Thomas Jorden: Yes. I'll see that let Shane comment. We're -- the fact that we haven't announced the transaction. As you've heard me say before, shouldn't be misinterpreted that we're not active in the space. We're evaluating a lot of assets. We're looking at how they may fit into our portfolio and really evaluating them against what we think the market demands for those assets.
 And I'll just slide out, say, as we've recently reviewed the landscape of deals, there's probably only 1 or 2 that we say, "Oh, we might have liked to have had that. But those were small bolt-ons. I think we feel pretty good about as we review the decisions we made on that. But we look at everything. And we have a lot of confidence in our operations team and would love to find more assets for them to say gray/silver. And we're going to remain curious and active on that. But I just don't want it to be misinterpreted that we're sleeping on the sidelines. We are actively engaged and have made tactical decisions to both firm.
 Shane, do you want to comment on that? 
Shannon Young: Yes. I'll just add on a couple of things. I wholeheartedly agree. The team has been executing incredibly well, and we'd love nothing more than to have an opportunity to put more assets and opportunity under their stewardship. And we think it helps in terms of execution in the field. We think it also plays into our strengths of capital allocation. 
 I think the bar has been and remains very high. And -- but I think if we were to find something that had the right strategic fit, the right valuation parameters and left the balance sheet in good shape, that would be something we'd be highly interested in. 
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up also on M&A. You have been commodity agnostic. It seems to us and focus more on where you can generate the highest return. Is that the way you think about M&A as well? You're less focused on the product type and more focused on what's the best fit just perspective on Oil versus Gas and consolidation? 
Thomas Jorden: Yes. I think our first lens is always financial on everything we do. Now all else being equal, things are never equal. And you get structural changes in the markets, both for Oil and Natural Gas. I would say all else being equal, we'd probably add a little more Oil to our portfolio. But check back with me 6 months from now on that. I mean we really have a history of feedback that if we focus on sound financials, we focus on asset quality, if we focus on the amount of windage we have between our price file and our cost of supply, that's the right focus. 
 And whether it's Gas, Oil or NGLs. I would say in our DNA, we have a fundamental indifference to that. But not to say we're not also interested in a balance. I mean completely, we want to balance our revenue mix. 
Operator: We'll go next to Betty Jiang at Barclays. 
Wei Jiang: I want to ask about the 3-year outlook. You have beaten 2024, and that's flowing into a better 2025 and '26 numbers, which is great to see. With all the efficiency gains that you're talking about, is it fair to think that they would just continue to translate into a better outlook over the entire 3-year period and that you will just be delivering that 5-plus type of growth for maybe seeing to lower CapEx? 
Thomas Jorden: Yes, I'll see that and I want Blake to comment. I think sometimes people give us credit for being better modelers than we are. We really do try to come out with outlooks that are aggressive and what we think we can achieve. We do not model in future cost reductions or future efficiencies unless we have line of sight to them. And that's kind of -- I have to kind of apologize for that because we are an innovative organization. 
 We wake up every morning and we say, we've been highly successful and we're very sick of it because we never want success to get in our way of progress. You've heard us talk about progress versus comfort. So I'll tell you with great humility that when we laid out our 3-year plan in February, we were going to say 0 -- 5% oil growth, and we had a debate internally as to whether we say 5-plus percent. And that plus was hotly debated. And we said, "No, let's put the plus sign in because we might beat that." 
 And here in the last 2 years, we've added 10% Oil growth. It's not that we're sandbagging our model. It's that our organization is really innovative. But we can't -- we'd rather talk about results, than promise things that we can't solidly look in the eye and say, we will deliver it. So in some sense, it's a cultural issue, [indiscernible] company. And if we end up under promising, we'd rather have that than overpromising. 
Shannon Young: Yes, Betty, I would just say, as I said in my earlier remarks, we still have strong conviction in the outlook that we put out in February. So 5% plus Oil growth, 0% to 5% BOE and Gas growth, all at $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion of annual capital. I think the results that we have delivered in the first quarter only gives us further conviction around that outlook. So we're still excited about it. And believe we'll be able to deliver it. 
Thomas Jorden: Blake, do you want to say anything about the future position? 
Blake Sirgo: I would just echo what Tom said. We don't bake in any efficiency gains in our 3-year outlook. What we're doing today is what we show. But as Tom said, the expectation here is that we get better every single year. We have a culture of operational excellence. That means what we did yesterday, will not cut it for today. 
 And our teams are constantly looking for ways to drive our cost structure and efficiencies are expected. Now there's lots of other things that affect costs, what's the market going to do? How many rigs are running, how many crews are running? There's lots of things around our cost structure, we don't control.
 So -- we don't bake in anything. We don't bake in inflation, we don't bake in deflation, we don't bake in further efficiency gains. When we put out a guide, it's the way we see the world today. 
Wei Jiang: That's great. And it definitely can see the operational momentum across the board, and that's not an issue at all from a culture perspective. On a -- my follow-up, I want to ask about the Harkey. I think in your slide deck, you mentioned that you will go back to the Harkey on the Windham Row in Phase 2 within the next 12 months. 
 Just wondering, is there any incremental savings that you can extract from that second phase Harkey, both from shares facilities or anything along that line that you can expect on the cost side? And then secondarily, Tom, you mentioned that you saw some benefit from codevelopment. So what does that -- what could that mean for the Harkey pad -- Harkey road development? 
Blake Sirgo: Yes. This is Blake. I'll take that one. The -- there are cost efficiencies when we come back. The biggest ones our pads are built, our facilities are built. This is why, historically, we like if we can develop benches separately, you can let a bench decline in volume, come right back in at another bench for very little incremental cost. So we will enjoy some of those cost savings when we come back from the Harkey possible codeveloped benefits, that's really what we're interested in learning about. 
 We've just seen some results lately that says the performance of the Harkey is better when we codevelop with the Upper Wolfcamp versus overfill. And we're interested in learning more about that. But as Tom said, until we do, we're leaning in. We're going where the data takes us, and we'll see what these next round of codeveloped wells tell us. 
Operator: We'll move next to David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. 
David Deckelbaum: I wanted to ask maybe a little bit of just a cost benefit analysis. You guys have been beating production now steadily largely on what appears to be cycle times and just finding ways to do things faster in the field, which is quite commendable. I think you guys articulated the benefits of cost savings on things like the Windham Row in the 10% range. 
 As you get better with some of the smaller projects, how do you think about that balance versus larger project savings? Or should we think that even with some of the faster accomplishments that you've achieved with smaller developments that you would be able to exponentially improve upon that as you get to larger developments? 
Blake Sirgo: Yes, David, this is Blake. I'll take that one. I think it's important to iterate cost is an output of our decision-making. And so while lower cost really helped drive some of our economics, we are focused on total returns of our projects and the highest PVI. And so, if that ends up being a 3-well project in Lea County versus a 54-well project in Culberson County, we go where the PVIs tell us to go. And obviously, continued cost gains really help. Cycle times really help, but it doesn't drive where the rigs go. It really drives us that full economic analysis, and that's what we lean into. 
Thomas Jorden: An example of that, I love what Blake said, the cost isn't a first order driver. For now and again, we'll have a project either underway or soon to be underway. And our teams through additional science analysis, we'll propose spending more on completions on a project and drives the cost up. But we always look at the incremental benefit financially and make the best decision we can. We learned -- we all learned early on that you can't save yourself rich. You have to create value. 
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate the color on that. Maybe just pivoting to the Marcellus, a similar line of questioning on just how you thought through deferring completion activity versus curtailing existing production and keeping up with the completion kins, if there is sort of the inefficiency of drilling programs and frac crews that gets lost in that process or how you guys approach that sort of thought train? 
Blake Sirgo: Sure. This is Blake. I'll take that one. Yes, it absolutely as a trade-off, you're spot on. Our preference is to run a frac crew continuously. We know that's when we get our best efficiencies. But, once again, it's back to that investment case and what are the economics of the project. 
 And while that might give us better efficiencies, given where gas prices are, we just can't have that level of investment in the Marcellus right now. We need to slow down. We need to throttle down. And so that does mean usually giving up a little bit of efficiency but that's still the prudent capital decision to make, and that's why we're doing it. 
Thomas Jorden: I want to give a little different spin on an answer here, David. The Marcellus is a great operating area, and we are very constructive on natural gas prices. But I'm also going to tell you that, as you know, we've reentered a part of the field that hasn't seen drilling over time. And we're very pleased to be doing that. And this just gets to my being a responsible operator and communities we operate. 
 Susquehanna County 20 years ago was one of the Forest Counties in Pennsylvania. And because of the resource development there, that county is thriving. And there's a whole group of landowners that have participated in that because we've been -- had an area we are precluded from drilling it. And so we want to be really thoughtful before we just defer completions there. And we're going to continue to have an ongoing activity and not that we're going to be financially reckless because we won't. But our impact on the community is part of our decision-making. 
Operator: We'll go to our next question from Scott Gruber at Citigroup. 
Scott Gruber: Tom, long-dated gas because they have been moving higher on all the data center growth excitement, how would you think about capital allocation between Anadarko and the Marcellus, if the forward curve is right, and we're in the $3.50 to $4 range, in late '25, '26? And Oil is still healthy, call it, in the 70s. How would you think about that allocation? 
Thomas Jorden: Well, I wouldn't have to thank very hard. I'd look at the incremental economics and we go where the best economics are. We have tremendous gas resources in both basins. The -- and Anadarko has natural gas liquids, which really provides an economic boost. But the Marcellus has amazingly low cost of supply, and we produce pure methane, which we just have to compress and put into an air state line, so -- or a pipeline. 
 And so we would look at the economics. I think if we were -- if some of the promise comes through on the increased need for natural gas and electricity generation, you probably see us increase activity in both basins and also seek creative long-term contracts that might give us exposure to electricity pricing.
 Blake, you want to comment on that? 
Blake Sirgo: Yes, sure. I mean we're all learning this AI power demand story together, and there's a lot of unknowns, but there's a lot of excitement the power gen that's going to be required is huge. Lots of it looks like it's going to come on the East Coast. That's very proximal to our asset. There's a lot of existing pipes there that we can easily get our gas to those markets. And we're very interested. We're talking to a lot of these folks directly trying to understand their business and their needs, and we will be ready to participate. 
Scott Gruber: It's exciting. We'll wait for a word. And then just turning back to Windham Row. Just curious, you mentioned doing simul-frac on half the wells. What's the limitation there, why not doing on all the wells? Is it comfort with the technique or tag configuration or scheduling the frac crews? Just some color on the limitation there? And if there's any upside to doing it on more than half? 
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Scott, it's Blake. I'll take that. That's a great question. And I think it's something that gets missed sometimes in simul-frac is you really have to have an optimal pad with a lot of wellheads on one pad to optimize the cost savings. There is sometimes where you might some frac and save no money because a simul frac crew is just basically 2 frac crews smashed together. So you're paying a lot of money for that crew to be there. The efficiencies come when you have a lot of wells on one pad. And just the layout of these drill spacing units doesn't always give us enough wells per pad to use simul-frac optimally. So it's back to that whole cycle analysis. The goal is not to simul-frac everything. The goal is to make the most economic wells. And so we're only chasing it where it makes sense. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann at Truist. 
Neal Dingmann: My first question comes for you or Blake, maybe on inventory, specifically. Looking at Slide 5, you had an interesting comment that I think makes a lot of sense, and that's you all suggest that the total fluctuates based on things like well spacing cost, cadence and the like. And I'm just wondering how aggressive or conservative would you consider your estimates versus what you've seen play out in the trends in recent quarters? 
Thomas Jorden: Well, I'll just say, we have future landing zones that are not modeled in that inventory. But we want to be very careful with how we talk about inventory. And when I say that, I mean, we want to deliver what we promise. And so we don't throw the kitchen sink in, although our inventory today has zones that we didn't have in our inventory a few years ago. There are still zones to be tested, both shallow and deep. And we're pretty optimistic about our ability to extract maximum value out of an acre of land. But the inventory we published is one that we think we can deliver. 
Neal Dingmann: Very good. And then just a second question on capital spend. Specifically, I noticed what I think now what is about 70% of CapEx is directly from Upper Marcellus. Is this a result of just productivity that you highlight on Slide 19 or what's driving the spend in the upper area? 
Blake Sirgo: Well, we have some great upper locations in the field. Our Tier 1 uppers really long lateral lengths, competitive economics. And so they're just competing for capital. But also the upper is the future of the assets. So we're -- we like having activity in the upper. We're still learning about it. We're still trying to understand our well spacing and our frac design. And it's important, we continue projects in that zone. 
Operator: We'll go next to Derrick Whitfield at Stifel. 
Derrick Whitfield: Tom or Shane, a bit of a build on an earlier question. If gas prices were to continue to underperform throughout 2024. How would you weigh or evaluate the decision between reallocation of CapEx and increased return of capital? I suspect your Anadarko and Permian teams would like more capital. 
Thomas Jorden: Yes. You're saying the Marcellus pricing stays kind of in and around where it is like this through the rest of the year? 
Derrick Whitfield: That is correct. 
Thomas Jorden: Yes. Well, look, here's what I'd say is we do build in a lot of flexibility into our capital planning. And a couple of that's really foundational to that and a couple of things. One, some plans to accelerate if market environment changes and things get better and also to decelerate if they deteriorate or, in this case, don't firm up a little bit.
 I think the second element is we don't engage in a lot of long-term contracting. And that's really what gives us the flexibility to make those adjustments as we go. And I would say we maintain that flexibility as we get to the end of this year and into next year, if that's what the market signals say, and that's what translates through into the economics. We certainly have a great set of inventory that we just talked about throughout the portfolio that would have a call on, on capital if prices remain like this for an extended period of time. 
Derrick Whitfield: As my follow-up, regarding the deferred turn-in-lines in the Marcellus. How long would you technically be comfortable in deferring the wells before you'd be concerned with compromising the effectiveness or integrity of the completion? 
Thomas Jorden: We've looked at that long and hard and we don't see a degradation in shut-in time. There's a history as you go back a decade of fairly significant shut-ins. We don't really have a time clock attached to it. But I -- we're anticipating turning these wells online later in the year. And we're -- our data tells us that those reservoirs will not suffer because of it. And part of that is because we don't produce much water there. And so you don't really have the issues that you might have in the other basins. 
Operator: We'll go next to Leo Mariani at Roth MKM. 
Leo Mariani: I wanted to just dive in a little bit more to CapEx here. I wanted to kind of get a sense on sort of how the numbers are trending. See second quarter CapEx is going higher, do you expect CapEx to kind of come down a little bit in the second half versus the first half, is kind of second quarter, potentially the peak here and -- when you talk about flexibility in the program, I know you mentioned a couple of times, potentially room for more activity. Is that more just kind of a function of some of the savings you've seen year-to-date? 
Shannon Young: Leo, thanks for the question. And look, there's a couple of things I would just point to, one, Hana put together a great slide, a new slide in the deck, in the appendix 33 that sort of shows where some of the activity is over the course of the year. And your point that you just made around, does it feel like the second quarter could be a peak capital quarter and then the back half of the year, if you take the residual and divide by 2, that may be a lower number than that. 
 And that sort of bears itself out, I think, on this page. So I don't -- yes, I think you're interpreting the data the right way in terms of what the pace could look like for 2024. 
Leo Mariani: Okay. I appreciate that. Then I just wanted to follow up a little bit on kind of Upper Marcellus. As you look out the next couple of years, do you see the Upper Marcellus becoming kind of a increasing percentage of your overall Marcellus activity. Is that going to be just kind of driven by somewhat the depletion of the lower Marcellus in the inventory stack here? 
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Leo, you nailed it. It's -- the Lower Marcellus has been a wonderful zone, and we know all the remaining sticks, and we plan on drilling them here in the next few years. And the remaining is all the upper. That's the future of the asset. And so as we are chewing through our lower inventory, you'll see more upper come in each year. We're really focused on testing and delineating the upper and just proving it out. But yes, depending on capital spend, the upper will be a bigger and bigger portion of our program. 
Leo Mariani: Okay. No, that's helpful. But it sounds like the message is you think the upper can be very, very competitive with other gas assets as you look at it today? 
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I mean there's parts of the field that are super competitive, but I'll just caveat the Lower Marcellus in this asset is some of the absolute best rock in all of the Lower 48. And I don't think it's going to compete with the cream with a crop lower that's been drilled. But there's -- it's still very competitive in our capital allocation. 
Thomas Jorden: Yes. And Leo, competitiveness is always a function of well performance, but also price. And that's a nice thing about Coterra where we said is we really do have an asset mix allows us to shift capital and allocate it based on those changes. So competitiveness of assets is not a static thing. 
Operator: Next, we'll go to Charles Meade at Johnson Rice. 
Charles Meade: Just one question for me, and it's around the way you guys are going to approach the Marcellus in the back half of the year. I think you -- I heard you mentioned in your prepared comments that your plan has you guys turning some wells on in July. And as I think about recent history up in the Marcellus, a lot of times, we can see a good price bounce in the summer, but then we see another bout of weakness in the fall when the cooling demand goes away.
 So is there a scenario where you guys bring some wells on in July and then curtail them or kind of you shut them in again in the fall? Or is it more along the lines of once you guys decide to bring them on? You're just going to -- you're going to keep them on and does that bias you to turn them on later? 
Thomas Jorden: Yes. I'll just -- I'll answer your question with the analogy. We've said from day 1 that the way we manage our program is not a rifle shot, it's a guided missile. So sitting here and saying we're going to turn wells on in July, that's talking about a rifle shot. We're going to guide that missile every step of the way. We typically don't manage our production up and down with the near-term price file. 
 It usually takes something structural for us to make production decisions around price. And that's the luxury of having low-cost supply, by the way. Right now, we have a structural issue with low gas prices, which is why we've turned those in line. And I'll just say that July is what we're carrying in our current model, and we're going to make the best business decision and model will be down. 
 So I want to make sure of that. But I don't think you'd see us ramp our production up and down with a changing price file. We just like to get north of a place where with the low-cost supply, we don't have to worry about it. 
Operator: And that concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Tom Jorden for closing remarks. 
Thomas Jorden: Yes. I just want to thank everybody. Great set of questions. We are very pleased to present the results we presented last night and look forward to repeating that. And as I said many times on this call, it's our -- talking about results is the conversation we want to have. So thank you all very much for your participation this morning. 
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Again, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and thank you for standing by. My name is Regina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Guffey, Vice President, Finance, Planning and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Dan Guffey: Thank you, Operator. Good morning. And thank you for joining Coterra Energys fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings and 2024 outlook conference call. Todays prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, Chairman, CEO and President; Shane Young, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Blake Sirgo, Senior Vice President of Operations. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session. As a reminder, on todays call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers, as well as reconciliation for the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, were provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation, both of which can be found on our website. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Dan, and welcome to all of you who are joining us on the call. Coterra had an excellent fourth quarter, as shown by the results that we released last night. Shane will walk you through the specifics here, which include coming in above the high end of our guidance on oil, natural gas and Boe or barrels of oil equivalent, and below our capital guide. For full year 2023, we finished the year with 5% year-over-year growth in Boe and 10% year-over-year growth in oil volumes, while hitting the midpoint of our capital guide. More importantly, we generated excellent returns. We also made great progress on emissions reduction and continue to push the envelope on our environmental initiatives. As we look ahead to 2024, total capital is projected to be between $1.75 billion and $1.95 billion. Given the outlook for commodity prices and commensurate revenue, we think that this is a prudent level of investment, as it invests approximately 60% of our projected cash flow. We will grow our investments in the Permian and the Anadarko Basins and retrench in the Marcellus. We are reducing our Marcellus investments by over $400 million in 2024 compared to 2023. Mark Twain said that, a man learns something by carrying a cat by the tail that he can learn in no other way. Through the commodity cycles, we have learned that although downswings typically do not last long, they also do not come pre-labeled with how long they will last. We have learned to be disciplined and patient. Experience tells us that our focus should always be on returns and never on production or activity. In this case, that means throttling back on our Marcellus program. We remain highly optimistic on the 12-month to 18-month outlook for the gas macro. The impact of new LNG export capacity coming online at the end of 2024 and early 2025 coupled with the possibility of cold weather provides reasonable hope for significant price recovery in natural gas. However, experience tells us that although we will underwrite our hopes with the future strip price, we should never underwrite our capital program with it. We will be patient and watch for recovery in the gas macro. Missing a few months of the recovery is much better than fully participating in the downside. We project that this slowdown in the Marcellus will result in our natural gas volume shrinking 6% in the Marcellus in 2024. If we see signs of recovery in natural gas, our 2024 capital range includes a contingency plan to accelerate our Marcellus program in the latter half of the year, which would reposition us for significant growth in our gas volumes in 2025 and 2026. We will watch and be ready to act. In the meantime, we will pivot to our deep inventory in the Anadarko and Permian where our returns are excellent. We have a tremendous program ahead of us in 2024 and we are excited to be increasing activity in both the Permian and Anadarko. All three business units, however, are poised and ready for out-year acceleration should conditions warrant. This ability to redirect and reposition activity around premier assets is one of the differentiating strengths of Coterra. We also provided an update on our three-year outlook. Our new 2024 to 2026 outlook has Coterra with an average annual CapEx of $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion, which is expected to generate annual growth in the low-single digits for Boe and 5% plus for oil growth. This plan leverages our deep, high-quality inventory, demonstrates improving capital efficiency and clearly displays the confidence we have in our ability to continue a cadence of operational excellence. This is an achievable outlook under current conditions. As always, we continuously adjust our plans with changing conditions. As we have previously said, planning at Coterra is a guided missile, not a rocket. In closing, I want to acknowledge our remarkable field organization. They set the pace for operational excellence. They work in hostile environments with dedication, perseverance and an unwavering commitment to safety. They serve as an example to all of us. The Coterra brand stands for operational excellence, leading-edge technology and innovation, best-in-class development of outstanding assets, and the ability to adapt nimbly to changing market conditions. We want to be known for a pristine balance sheet, investment discipline and rigorous economic decision analysis. We are not perfect. However, having a great organization, great assets and a great balance sheet allows us to learn from our mistakes, make continuous progress and always push ourselves farther and harder. With that, I will turn the call over to Shane.
Shane Young: Thank you, Tom, and thank you everyone for joining us on todays call. This morning, Ill focus on four areas. First, Ill discuss highlights from our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results. Then, Ill provide production and capital guidance for the first quarter and full year 2024. Next, I will provide a new and updated three-year production and capital outlook for 2024 through 2026. Finally, Ill discuss our shareholder return program and our debt maturity later this year. Turning to our strong performance during the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter total production averaged 697 MBoe per day, with oil averaging 104.7 MBoe per day and natural gas averaging 2.97 Bcf per day. All production streams came in above the high end of guidance driven by well performance and acceleration of till timing during the quarter. Specifically, turn-in lines during the quarter totaled 40 net wells, including 28 in the Permian, near the high end of guidance, and 12 in the Marcellus, slightly above the midpoint of guidance. During the fourth quarter, pre-hedge revenues were approximately $1.5 billion, of which 61% were generated by oil and NGL sales. In the quarter, we reported net income of $416 million or $0.55 per share and adjusted net income of $387 million or $0.52 per share. Total cash costs during the quarter, including LOE, workover, transportation, production taxes and G&A totaled $8.41 per Boe, near the midpoint of our annual guidance range of $7.30 per Boe to $9.40 per Boe. Cash hedge gains during the quarter totaled $46 million. Incurred capital expenditures in the fourth quarter totaled $457 million, just below the low end of our guidance range. Discretionary cash flow was $881 million and free cash flow was $413 million, after cash capital expenditures of $468 million. For the full year 2023, Coterra produced outstanding results. Total equivalent production exceeded the high end of our initial February guidance, coming in at 667 MBoe per day. This outperformance was driven by a combination of better-than-expected well timing and beats unexpected well productivity. Oil production for the year was 96.2 MBoe per day, exceeding the high end of initial guidance by over 4%. Capital costs were right at the midpoint of our guidance range, coming in at $2.1 billion as a result of relentless focus on capital by our teams in each of our business units. Cash operating costs per unit totaled $8.37 per Boe for the year, slightly below our initial guidance midpoint. Looking ahead to 2024. During the first quarter of 2024, we expect total production to average between 660 MBoe per day and 690 MBoe per day. Oil to be between 95 MBoe per day and 99 MBoe per day, and natural gas to be between 2.85 Bcf per day and 2.95 Bcf per day. We anticipate first quarter oil production to have the lowest average for any quarter during 2024, primarily as a result of tilt timing that pulled some volume forward and into the fourth quarter of 2023. Regarding investment, we expect incurred capital in the first quarter to be between $460 million and $540 million. For the full year 2024, we expect incurred capital to be between $1.75 billion and $1.95 billion, or 12% lower at the midpoint than our 2023 capital spend. Our 2024 program will modestly increase capital allocation to the liquids-rich Permian and Anadarko Basins, and significantly decrease capital by more than 50% in the Marcellus. We expect total production for the year to average between 635 MBoe per day and 675 MBoe per day, and oil to be between 99 MBoe per day and 105 MBoe per day or 6% higher at the midpoint than oil was in 2023. Natural gas is expected to be between 2.65 Bcf per day and 2.8 Bcf per day, approximately 5.5% lower at the midpoint than gas production was in 2023. It is important to note that we have incorporated efficiency gains achieved in 2023 into our 2024 guidance. Reflecting on our new three-year outlook. As we did this time last year, yesterday we announced our new three-year outlook for 2024 through 2026. We believe this is a robust, capital-efficient plan that delivers consistent, profitable growth for our shareholders. We anticipate that our project inventory can deliver 5%-plus oil volume growth over this period, with zero percent to 5% Boe growth by investing between $1.75 billion and $1.95 billion of capital per year. This reflects increased capital efficiency and is designed to afford Coterra the flexibility to reallocate capital between our business units as market conditions change. This outlook incorporates an appropriate level of reinvestment and delivers meaningful free cash flow to underpin shareholder returns. Moving on to shareholder returns. Last night, we announced a $0.21 per share base dividend for the fourth quarter, increasing our annual base dividend by 5% to $0.84 per share. This remains one of the highest yielding base dividends in the industry at well over 3%. Management and the Board remain committed to responsibly increasing the base dividend on an annual cadence. During 2023, despite relatively lower commodity prices and cash flow, Coterra continued to execute on its shareholder return program by repurchasing 17 million shares for $418 million at an average price of approximately $25 per share. In total, we returned 77% of free cash flow during the year or just over $1 billion. We remain committed to our strategy of returning 50% or more of our annual free cash flow to shareholders through a combination of a healthy base dividend and our share repurchase program. On to our 2024 notes. We have continued to monitor and analyze opportunities regarding our $575 million maturity coming this September. With low leverage at 0.3 times, we believe we have strong access to the active refinancing markets. At the same time, we had approximately $2.5 billion of liquidity between cash and our undrawn credit facility at year-end, affording us many options with regard to our 2024 maturity. In summary, Coterras team delivered another quarter of high-quality results, both operationally and financially. We are poised for a strong first quarter of 2024, which we believe will set a solid foundation for the full year 2024 and beyond. With that, I will hand the call over to Blake to provide additional color and detail on our operations. Blake?
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Shane. This morning, I will discuss our capital expenditures and provide an operational update. Fourth quarter accrued capital expenditures totaled $457 million, coming in just below the low end of our guidance. The lower CapEx was driven by efficiency and cost gains, reduced infrastructure spend, lower-than-expected non-operated capital and shuffling of the timing on a few projects. As noted, strong execution in the field pulled a few Q1 tills into Q4, which contributed to the Q4 2023 production beat. Coterra finished the year at $2.104 billion of total CapEx, at our midpoint of our annual guide. This quarter marks the 10th quarter in Coterras existence and 10 straight quarters of delivering on our oil guidance. This was accomplished thanks to our operations teams across our businesses, who strive for operational excellence. At Coterra, operational excellence means operating safely and with integrity, while always looking for ways to accomplish more or less. We do not tolerate sacred cows and we are always on the hunt for new ideas, even if they are not our own. As we enter 2024, we are delivering a plan that continues to do more for less. In the Permian, we are planning to turn in line 75 to 90 wells in 2024, which is down 13% over 2023. These wells will have a $1 per foot of $1,075, down approximately 10% year-over-year. In the Permian, we are currently running two frac crews and eight drilling rigs, which are performing at or near all-time efficiency records. Our frac efficiencies are coupled with new contracts that offer increased cost savings to Coterra as we gain in efficiency. Across our Permian footprint, we are taking advantage of our large, continuous assets to bring economies of scale to bear. This is highlighted by our Windham Row project in Culberson County, where we are prosecuting a 51-well row development across six drill spacing unit, with each well targeting the Upper Wolfcamp. By concentrating activity at this scale, we are able to minimize rig and frac modes, co-mingle facilities and maximize simul. Combine this with our first grid-powered electric simul-frac, we expect to deliver these wells at 5% to 15% lower cost than our historical program. Our Permian asset is an engine of capital efficiency and that engine continues to find a new gear. In the Marcellus, we are currently running two rigs and one frac crew, with plans to go to one rig and lower our frac activities. Our Marcellus ops teams worked diligently in 2023 to lower our cost structure through increased frac efficiencies, improved water handling and lower facility costs. We are also pushing new limits on lateral linkage, with 3-mile and 4-mile laterals now part of our program. These cost gains help us to minimize our D&C spend as we go into 2024 and throttle down our activities. Our 2024 Marcellus program remains flexible and includes multiple on-ramps and off-ramps, which will allow us to adjust to changing macro conditions if warranted. In the Anadarko, we are currently running two rigs and one frac crew. Our Anadarko team had a great year executing with improved drilling times and frac efficiency. Our 2024 program includes 20 to 25 turn-in lines across five projects focused on our liquids-rich assets, which we expect will continue to yield strong returns. Consistency of execution paired with strong well results have made our Anadarko assets a stout competitor for capital allocation at Coterra. Our unrelenting focus on operational excellence continued to bear fruit in 2023 and we expect the team to seek out and execute incremental efficiencies in 2024. And with that, Ill turn it back to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Shane and Blake. We are pleased with our continued execution in 2023 and expect to deliver on our goals outlined in our 2024 plans. We appreciate your interest in Coterra and look forward to discussing our results and outlook. Well now be open for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Nitin Kumar with Mizuho Securities. Please go ahead.
Nitin Kumar: Thanks. Good morning, Tom, Shane, and Blake. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a strong year that really showcases the idea that was behind Coterra. I guess I want to start at just the capital allocation. Youre cutting activity in the Marcellus in response to gas prices, but a lot of people think of the Anadarko Basin as a gas basin and youre allocating some incremental capital there. Could you walk us through kind of the thought process there?
Tom Jorden: Thanks, Nitin. Ill probably disappoint with my answer because its pretty simple. Ill say up front, I know a lot of people think of the Anadarko in a lot of ways and Id like them to keep thinking that way, because we think the Anadarko is a tremendous basin with great opportunity. One of the things that was a challenge for Anadarko team was just showing repeatability. Ive talked at length about capital allocation being a function of return on capital and repeatability in addition to how much windage do you have in the price file and our team showed great repeatability on some outstanding projects in 2023. And so the increased allocation is really a function of letting them just continue their activity level. Had we done anything other than that, we would have throttled back or pulled the plug on their continuing activity. The returns are outstanding. Ill just say that. And so, were reallocating a little under $300 million between the Permian and Anadarko, and thats just it was challenging because we have great returns everywhere. Ill also say that one of the things that we see in the Anadarko coming forward is we have some peers that are also moving forward with increased activity and so we expect a larger outside operated call on our capital in the Anadarko. And some of that is embedded in that allocation. So really, its a problem that wed love to have and were very pleased with our allocation decision.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for the color. And then, Tom, industry consolidation continues at a pretty frantic pace. As you look around the lease lines, you have new neighbors or maybe the same neighbor around you. Your thoughts on scale M&A for Coterra from here on out. You certainly have a plethora of organic opportunities, but Id love to hear your thoughts on M&A going forward?
Tom Jorden: Hey, Nitin. Thank you for that. Our criteria is very simple. When we look at potential combinations, we ask ourselves, would we rather own a share of Coterra or a share of the combined reformulated company? And there are, of course, a lot of elements to that. But first and foremost, it must create value for our owners. And look, I think, The Wall Street Journal should have a weekend breaking story that says, Flash, everybody looking at everybody else in the M&P space, because thats what we have. So there havent been any opportunities that we really have browbeat ourselves on that have come and gone. We remain deeply curious about what consolidation could offer for Coterra owners. But the bar is very, very high. Ill just leave it at that.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning, gentlemen. I was wondering, Im looking at slide 15 in your deck where youre highlighting your expectations for well productivity in the Delaware Basin relative to peers and the results from Coterra from 2021 to 2023. I was wondering if you could maybe provide some color around expectations on productivity in 2024, if we could kind of compare that to what you did last year.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. Arun, this is Blake. Ill take that. Thats really why we kind of give that range on that slide. As weve talked about in the past, our Permian program is really a rotation throughout our assets and thats driven by a lot of different things. The mix can vary somewhat year-to-year, but over a multiyear timeframe, its pretty consistent. And so I just say we expect 2024 to fall well within that band to deliver another good year on productivity.
Arun Jayaram: And just thoughts on comparison to what you delivered in 2023. Just trying to understand how you think year-over-year productivity could trend on a per foot basis.
Blake Sirgo: I would say very similar. Theres definitely some room for upside there with some of the allocations, but Id expect another strong year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is actually Kali [ph] for Doug. So thank you very much for taking my question. The first thing I want to hit is the Marcellus, where youre adapting activity in response to price. Sorry, so I guess Im trying to understand the scenario analysis. Is the Marcellus free cash flow break even on 24 strip? And assuming basis is static, at what hub price does activity begin to shift higher?
Tom Jorden: Kali, this is Tom. Weve been debating that internally. I cant give you a firm number, but I will say that, we look really carefully at receive price and I know we talk about weighted average sales price, but we really look at the price received by the next molecule, which is really a function of what would be a basis price, less are fixed costs. I would say we would really like to see a price close to or above $3, I think, before it would really meet a criteria that shifts a lot of capital. But its also a function of the oil-to-gas ratio. And wed really like to see a sustained ratio thats somewhere in the neighborhood of 20 to 1 oil-to-gas and were really optimistic were going to see that when the market recessed with LNG exports. But thats kind of what were looking for.
Unidentified Analyst: I appreciate that, Tom. My follow up is on the Anadarko. I think to remember that the geology there being quite complex. So Im wondering if you can expand on what the team accomplished last year to give you more confidence to re-engage in the capital program?
Tom Jorden: Well, geology is complex across our portfolio, and if you dont have to catch myself or Ill spend the rest of the call talking about geology. But whats most important is that, weve tested this section, weve got a lot of calibration and we understand the stratigraphic variation, we understand the oil gas complex ratio variation, we understand the pressure and drilling challenges. So I think were highly calibrated. So, look, complex geology is a bigger issue at the early phases of development than when youve got that calibration and we feel really confident that we understand the geological overprint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks for taking my questions, everyone. I was curious just if you could go into just, obviously, the program this year is shifting more or I guess its high grading a bit more into the lower Marcellus. I think in your multiyear outlook, you sort of assume that Marcellus production comes back up, I guess, about 100 million a day. And I guess its averaging in that 2.2 range versus 2.3 last year. Can you talk about the considerations of inventory management and how that mix of lower versus upper, is looking over time? It seems like theres a multiyear shift now where youre going to be emphasizing the lower a bit more in the lower price environment. But just wondering if theres more nuance to it and if your thoughts have changed on the inventory management side there?
Tom Jorden: Our thoughts really havent changed. As we were -- I would just repeat what weve said in the past. Weve talked about a reduced inventory in the lower Marcellus. I think, if we were heavy on the lower Marcellus, wed probably be talking about a three-year to five-year inventory at this point, three-year to six-year maybe, depending on our level of activity. Our inventory is longer than that now as weve lowered our investment. But its really a function of whats available to us and thats the function of our gathering system where we think we have additional capacity. But theres also an area of this field thats opened up to us that were out exploiting and were really glad to be there and getting after some of the really, really productive rock. So, well be drilling in the lower Marcellus for a long, long time. So when we quote inventory numbers, its really strongly overprint by which formation were drilling in. But the lower is going to be a significant part of our program for a number of years.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks to the color there. Im also curious on the Permian, embedded in this multiyear 5%-plus oil growth outlook through 2026. How many sort of projects similar to the size of Windham Row are you baking in, I guess, per year? I know that there was an expectation that we would see sort of a large-scale project every year and a half. Is that still kind of the cadence for the multiyear guide or are there some early learnings from Windham Row that are kind of iterating that process now?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, David. This is Blake. Ill take that one. Right now we really expect to do a row project almost every single year. And I know that its kind of scary to talk about a 51-well development, but I think its important to remember these are six distinct drill spacing units that we have chosen to develop in a row to maximize efficiency. These units are our standard Culberson 2-mile Upper Wolfcamp units with designs from seven to 10 wells per section. This is just really our bread and butter. I mean, weve developed many of these over the years. Were just stringing them together. Our ops teams work really hard to kind of war game these projects and these rows to think of all the execution risks that could go on. Thats why we picked up our eighth rig sooner, to get a good duct build in front of the frac crew. These projects have large multi-well pads. That means if we have any well trouble, our frac crew can pivot while we deal with the well trouble. Our simul-frac part of this project, weve modeled really conservative completion timing and thats because, its our first application of this in Culberson, but we dont really expect our electric crew to operate any less efficient than it has in the past. We worked through a lot of sand and water logistics to make sure everything has abundant sourcing. We own and operate our SWD system out there. That means we have plenty of water on demand at all times. It allows us to keep it in the pipe, so were not building any produced water pits with this project. This is just part of our operation now and Id expect many more row developments for years to come.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the time. My first question is just on the flat span and the zero percent to 5% Boe CAGR. Im just wondering, did these assumptions include, Im just wondering, do you assume with those on a go forward years, has that ensued well productivity, improved well productivity, lower well cost, or maybe just help me on whats involved in those assumptions?
Tom Jorden: We dont project future advancements in advance of having achieved them. I think we will achieve them, but we dont -- we like to calibrate results. I mean, hopefully thats not a surprise to anybody on this call. Wed much rather talk about results than promises. And I just want to say one more time, we dont manage our multiyear outlook by that production number. We look at projections of what we think is our assumed cash flow. We say how much of that cash flow do we want to invest and thats typically in a fair way. Im going to give a wide one of 40% to 70%, and that allows us to achieve our shareholder returns that weve promised. And then with that, we say, okay, heres the capital, wheres the best place to put it and the very last part of that process is what production does it generate. We dont get over our skis on that. We try to push our teams to model the most recent operational efficiencies and then we drive them crazy trying to get better. But production is not the input, its the output of good, solid capital allocation.
Neal Dingmann: Great point, Tom. And maybe just a second along that same line, Im just wondering, look at the slide that talks about the gas production. Im just wondering, is it fair to say that, you maybe have seen peak production or is it just what youre forecasting that are just a basis of whats going on with prices and thats going to be an ultimate driver?
Tom Jorden: Yeah. It would not be fair to assume anything from our projection other than its our current look at an uncertain future. We say that we have contingency plans. If gas prices really recover, as we hope they will, within our capital guide, we have plans to get back to work this year and set ourselves up for nice growth over the next two years. Thats not a plan, but its on the shelf ready to go.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Scialla with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Michael Scialla: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to ask about your return of capital. Obviously, way above your target for the year, but even with the bump in the dividend in the fourth quarter, it looks like you slowed that a little bit. I wanted to ask about that and then also the decision to bump the base dividend when you had been leaning more toward the share buybacks when you pulled back on the variable dividend. Why the bump in the base dividend rather than buying back more shares?
Shane Young: Hey, Mike. Shane here. Ill take those two questions. Look, on the buyback, we remained active in the market during the quarter, but we were a little bit cautious. We were trying to kind of get a gauge whether winter and weather would materialize, and I think, as it didnt, we decided to carry some of that cash over into year end. Thats why you saw the cash balance build up to around a $1 billion, which really puts us in good shape in what looks like it could be a soft gas market in 2024 to be a bit more aggressive on the buyback. So, yeah, there was a little bit of a timing element to that, I would say. On the base dividend, listen, in addition to the commitment to deliver 50% plus of our free cash flow to shareholders on an annual basis, we also remain committed to increasing the annual dividend responsibly on an annual cadence. 5% feels like a pretty good lift, but not overly excessive. So were happy with the 5% bump, and we get into next year, well evaluate it again. If it makes sense to do it, we would expect to continue to do it on an annual cadence.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning. Through your row development program, youve been able to push down your Delaware cost to several $1,100 a foot. As youre reengaging in Anadarko, do you think youll be able to work down the cost structure into play? Are you thinking about pad size or rectifying operations or any other actions that you may need before you push down that $1,300 figure?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. This is Blake. Im happy to take that one. Yeah. We think theres always room to push our efficiencies further and we do share a lot of our learnings across basins. But at the same time, the Anadarko is a different basin than the Permian. So its deeper, its higher pressure, the drilling can be more difficult. And really what weve seen from our Anadarko team is we ran a real consistent program in 2023, so consistent drilling activity and our crews did what they always do, they got better at it, and we saw our costs come down and get more in line. Theyre already taking advantage a lot of the same pad efficiencies we see in the Permian. But if we saw opportunities to enlarge projects and get more economies of scale, well absolutely take advantage of those.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And you guys have stuck with an estimate of about 5% deflation in service costs and material costs. But were now seeing several operators obviously take actions to reduce activity in the Marcellus. Do you think youll be able to see additional service cost savings on top of that 5%, especially in the Marcellus on your remaining activity?
Blake Sirgo: I mean, I sure hope so. The -- well see how the market plays out. Theyre typically when more services become available, it does drive pricing down. Weve been very strategic how weve gone into 2024 with our contracts. Were very, very lightly contracted and thats by design, so we can take advantage of any downswings. But at the same time, you know, who we work with and making sure we have premium service providers that share our safety culture and our drive for excellence is really important to us. And our service providers need to make a return also. So well be working with them closely, and if theres continued movement in the market, well be there to take advantage of it.
Tom Jorden: But I dont want that point to be lost. One of the reasons we have such flexibility in our capital allocation is because weve worked really hard over the last couple of years to have a great set of vendor partners and a very light amount of long-term commitments. So we really do have a lot of flexibility in both our drilling and completion services to pivot from one basin to another.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners. Please go ahead.
Kevin MacCurdy: Good morning. First, I want to say we appreciate the three-year outlook. I think youre one of the few companies in your peer group with the confidence in your inventory to provide a detailed multiyear outlook. My first question is on that outlook. Are you assuming a similar capital allocation in 2025 and 2026 as in 2024? And under that scenario, when and at what levels does the Marcellus start to flatten out?
Tom Jorden: Yeah. The answer, Kevin, is no, were not assuming a similar level of allocation. That said, its a fluid, but the model that underpins that is a reallocated number.
Kevin MacCurdy: Okay. And under that three-year scenario, what happens if we have a bullish gas market in 2025 and 2026? Do you reallocate capital from the Permian and the Anadarko back to the Marcellus or do you increase your overall CapEx? I know you spoke about a contingency plan in 2024, but just thinking about how you would think about that over the long-term?
Tom Jorden: Well, youve left a very nice wide opening for me with that question, because I say, its always our best look at current conditions. So if we had significant recovery in the gas macro, which we hope and expect, our cash flow goes way up, and within that investment fairway of, I said, 40% to 70%, we probably would have the flexibility to look at increasing our capital. But none of that is enshrined in our current outlook, because we dont, Id say, there is not -- theres no hope in any of the outlooks around here, but well react when conditions change.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ati Modak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ati Modak: Hi. Good morning, team. Just curious how you view the macro setup for the gas markets here. Whats the risk of surprise in associated gas from the Permian and how do we work our way through that? Are you seeing sufficient signs of supply rationalization to suggest that were in a better environment for 2025?
Shane Young: Yeah. Hey. Its Shane here. Ill start off on that. Look, its very challenging today. And as we look at the storage numbers and the weather picture as its played out, winter to-date and the way the outlook is for the next several weeks, look, we could sort of end the winter at a pretty high spot on a historical basis. Production, on the other side, has been incredibly resilient, probably more so than many of us have expected. Its great to see -- to hear some discipline in the marketplace, but its unclear that its enough and its unclear that its sort of broad-based enough at this point. So were cautious on gas and you see that in our 2024 planning and budgeting. You see that in the way we manage our balance sheets. But if it does turn and when it does turn, well certainly be prepared to react.
Ati Modak: Great. And then you talked about this a little bit, but maybe I can approach this in a different way. Your three-year outlook on growth is on relatively stable annual CapEx. Curious what factors youve baked into that growth outlook in terms of the incremental efficiency gains. What should we expect to hear from you on that front over this time period?
Tom Jorden: We dont bake in any incremental efficiency gains. So we take all our most recent gains in our program. We kind of stress test those by going through them extensively to make sure theyre real and part of our program and then we build them into our forecasting. And so while our expectation is our teams will continue to drive efficiencies, none of thats built into these projections.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Tom, to you and your whole team there.
Tom Jorden: Good morning.
Charles Meade: I have two questions on the Marcellus and youve addressed some of this, but I just want to make one more run at it. If we look at the decrement of $435 million in CapEx in 2024 versus 2023, and you look at that versus you went from two rigs to one rig and one frac crew to maybe a half frac crew, it seems like the decrement in activity is smaller than the decrement in CapEx. And so what are the other pieces that complete that picture?
Tom Jorden: Well, one of the things that we see is we will finish the year with four pads waiting to be completed. So, a lot of what were doing in 2024 is setting up 2025. So, its not always showing up in the first year CapEx. With projects that have cycle times like ours and like everybody elses, you really have to have a multiyear outlook on any plan. So a lot of that is a benefit of what we did last year thats currently being completed and what happens next year is a function of what we do this year. So the annual snapshot on capital versus production is interesting, but fairly incomplete.
Charles Meade: Right. That makes sense. And then maybe one other question. You have on your slide, I believe its slide six, you show that 10% decline in Marcellus production for 2024, but then actually a slight incline for 2025. Whats the underlying price assumption for natural gas in that scenario where you grow again at 2025?
Tom Jorden: Well, we have lots of price assumptions. I would say we have strip. We run a 55-275. We run a 75-250. I mean, we have -- we run 75-375 [ph]. Im looking at our models now. I mean, we have a smorgasbord of price files that really set our kind of define the fairway of our economic analysis. But I would say this is probably based on the strip as a foundational forecast and then we run permutations from there.
Operator: Ill now turn the call back over to Tom Jorden for any closing remarks.
Tom Jorden: Well, thank you very much for joining us. We look forward to continuing to deliver. As I hope youve learned from Coterra, we really appreciate your interest and love talking about results and intend to deliver them. So thank you so much.
Operator: Everyone, this does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Cheryl and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy 3Q 23 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Dan Guffey, Vice President of Finance, Planning and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Dan Guffey: Thank you, operator. Good morning and thank you for joining Coterra Energys third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Todays prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, Chairman, CEO and President; Shane Young, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Blake Sirgo, Senior Vice President of Operations. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session. As a reminder, on todays call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were prepared in our earnings release and updated investor presentation. Both of which can be found on our website. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Dan and thank you all for joining us this morning. Coterra had an excellent third quarter, exceeding expectations across the board. This was the result of several factors, including outstanding performance from our top-tier assets and excellent operational performance from our organization. I want to particularly acknowledge our field employees and vendors, who are the driving force behind our outstanding results. Although we are pleased to announce these results, quite frankly, its what you should expect at Coterra and what we expect of ourselves. We are not interested in being average. These results are best understood within the framework of the core thesis of Coterra. With top-tier oil and natural gas assets, Coterra can flexibly allocate capital to take advantage of changing commodity prices, changing technical innovations and changing field conditions. We work for our shareholders and we believe that they are best served by a disciplined approach that generates consistent, profitable growth. We do not manage the company around production targets. We manage the company to maximize the financial productivity of our assets. We seek to grow our per share profitability throughout the cycles, which is best achieved through a combination of prudent investments and direct shareholder returns, in the form of dividends and buybacks. We are problem solvers. Albert Einstein said, Its not that I am so smart. Its just that I stay with problems longer. At Coterra, we stay with problems longer. Staying with problems longer means that we do not simply adopt workable solutions. We demand perseverance in finding optimum solutions. This is true with our technical challenges as well as our financial challenges. We do not adopt an A-priority, zero-growth posture and operational planning. No more or no less than we assume A-priority answers to technical problems before engaging in rigorous analysis. A key focus of our organization is iterative, operational and financial planning. We engaged in exhaustive planning iterations in an ongoing effort to maximize our capital efficiency, focusing both on asset productivity and cost optimization, which also allows us to analyze and model multiple options. Dwight Eisenhower said that, in preparing for battle, I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable. At Coterra, we build annual capital plans that have on-ramps and off-ramps. By limiting our long-term commitments, we retained the option to pivot capital from one area to another as conditions warrant. Our history tells us that flexibility is crucial or we cannot predict the future. And its not the plans that are important, it is the planning. This planning process, combined with the high energy, innovative and curious organization is the core of Coterras strength. We do not intend to provide detail on our 2024 plans during this call. However, we are highly confident that our results will continue to be top tier, that our capital efficiency will continue to improve and that the quality and duration of our inventory will continue to be apparent. As we have previously discussed, we expect to enter the year holding our Marcellus gas production relatively flat as we monitor gas macro conditions. By doing so, we can reduce Marcellus capital by at least $200 million versus 2023, while maintaining the optionality to pivot back to the Marcellus when gas markets structurally rebound. In February, we will provide an updated 3-year outlook. We do not expect significant deviations from our current strategy of allocating capital to its most productive use to achieve moderate disciplined growth. Under a moderate multiyear growth strategy, our corporate breakeven defined as the ability to generate excess free cash flow after paying our healthy common dividend, will remain below $50 oil and $2.50 natural gas. Before I turn the call over to Shane, I want to close with our answer to the question, why Coterra? Coterra is a new company and one that is unique in our space. We have top-tier assets, a top-performing organization and robust revenue diversity. We operate among a field of great competitors, and we are here to compete. Coterra is designed to provide excellent financial and operational results through the cycles. Our goal is to make top-tier results routine. As I said, it is what you should expect of us because its what we expect of ourselves. With that, I will turn the call over to Shane.
Shane Young: Thank you, Tom and thank you everyone for joining us on our call today. This morning, I will focus on 3 areas: First, I will discuss highlights from our third quarter 2023 results. Then Ill provide production and capital guidance for the fourth quarter, and update our full year 2023 guidance. Finally, Ill review where we are on our shareholder return program year-to-date. Third quarter total production averaged 670 MBOE per day. Oil averaged 91.9 MBO per day, and natural gas averaged just over 2.9 Bcf per day. All production streams came in above the high end of our guidance driven by a combination of continued positive well productivity, coupled with faster cycle times that accelerated TILs. Turn-in-lines during the quarter totaled 46 net wells, 25 in the Permian at the high end of guidance, 14 in the Marcellus at the midpoint of guidance, and 7 in the Anadarko, as our Evans project came on a few weeks earlier than expected. Turning to our financial performance. During the third quarter, Coterra reported adjusted net income of $373 million or $0.50 per share, and discretionary cash flow of $796 million. Approximately 64% of our revenues for the quarter were generated by oil and NGL sales. Accrued capital expenditures in the third quarter totaled $542 million, at the low end of our $540 million to $610 million guidance, and free cash flow was $250 million after capital expenditures of $546 million. Total cash costs during the quarter, including LOE, workover, transportation, production taxes and G&A, totaled $7.99 per BOE, down from approximately $8.27 in the second quarter. This was below the midpoint of our annual guidance range of $7.30 to $9.40 per BOE. One note on our deferred tax guidance. Beginning in 2022 and with greater impact in 2023, new requirements under the Tax Reform Act of 2017 require Coterra to capitalize Section 174 R&D expenditures and amortize these expenditures over a 5-year period, rather than expensing them in the year in which they occur. Our third quarter 2023 deferred income tax ratio was negatively impacted by this new requirement. As such, we now expect 95% or more of our full year 2023 income tax expense to be paid during the current year. This 5% to 10% change and our percent deferred will have a minor impact on 2023 discretionary cash flow, but we felt it was worth clarifying on this call. Looking ahead, we estimate over the next few years, our percentage of income taxes to be current will be greater than 90%. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter of 2023, we expect total production to average between 645 and 680 MBOE per day, oil to be between 98 and 102 MBO per day, and natural gas to be between 2.7 and 2.9 Bcf per day. We expect accrued capital in the fourth quarter to be between $460 million and $530 million, which includes the impact of infrastructure and non-operated activity shifting into the fourth quarter. For the full year 2023, today, we are increasing our production guidance. Our oil volumes are now expected to come in at 94.5% to 95.5% MBO per day, up 3% from our August guide. Our BOE and natural gas volumes are now expected to be 6.55 to 6.65 BOE per day, and 2.84 and 2.87 Bcf per day, up 3% and 1%, respectively, from our August guide. Relative to our initial February guidance, Coterras full year 2023 production guide has increased 5% for BOEs, 7% for oil and 3% for natural gas. The incremental volumes were driven by an even split between better-than-anticipated well productivity and faster cycle times in the field. Based on updated guidance and recent strip pricing, we now expect to generate full year discretionary cash flow of approximately $3.5 billion, with more than 50% of revenue driven by oil and NGL sales. The company expects to invest approximately $2.1 billion or roughly 60% of cash flow, and generate free cash flow totaling $1.3 billion. On to shareholder returns. Last night, we announced the $0.20 per share base dividend for the third quarter. Our annual base dividend of $0.80 per share remains one of the highest-yielding base dividends in the industry at nearly 3%. The Management and the Board remain committed to responsibly increasing the base dividend on an annual cadence. During the third quarter, despite relatively lower commodity prices and cash flow, Coterra continued to execute its return program by repurchasing 2.2 million shares for $60 million, at an average price of approximately $27 per share. In total, we returned 84% of free cash flow during the quarter. Year-to-date, including our base dividend and $385 million of share repurchases, we have returned $839 million or 91% of free cash flow to our shareholders. Taking into account recent strip pricing, buyback activity completed year-to-date and our expected base dividend for the year, we expect to return greater than 80% of our 2023 free cash flow to shareholders, well in excess of our 50%-plus minimum commitment. Moreover, since instituting the buyback program in 2022, Coterra has repurchased a total of 64 million shares or 7% of our shares outstanding, for $1.6 billion at an average price of $25.72 per share. In summary, Coterras team delivered another quarter of quality  high-quality results, both operationally and financially. We look forward to a strong final quarter of 2023, which we believe should set a solid foundation for 2024 and beyond. With that, I will hand the call over to Blake, to provide more color and detail on our operations. Blake?
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Shane. This morning, I will discuss our capital expenditures and provide an operational update. Third quarter accrued capital expenditures totaled $542 million, coming in at the low end of our guidance of $540 million to $610 million, primarily due to delayed infrastructure spend and lower non-operated activity, both of which we expect will move into the fourth quarter. As such, we are reiterating our full year 2023 capital of $2 billion to $2.2 billion, and continue to trend 1% to 2% above the midpoint. Looking ahead to 2024, we continue to expect a 5% dollar per foot decrease, based on leading-edge service costs and contract repricing. Of note, we continue to see meaningful price decreases in OCTG, rig rates and frac spreads. However, other cost categories, including labor and fuel costs, remained resiliently high. As noted in our investor deck in the third quarter, our Permian and Marcellus frac crews averaged 17 hours per day, up 18% from a year ago and an all-time record for our pumping efficiency. The drivers of this improvement include larger project sizes, increased wells per pad, improved water sourcing and a focus on transition timing. Over the last few years, our company has achieved improved capital efficiency through the execution of longer laterals, combing window surface facilities and sign-offs. Our operations teams in all 3 bases continue to find creative and impactful ways to improve our capital efficiency. These gains couldnt be achieved without the strong execution of our world-class field staff. We recently added a seventh rig in the Permian Basin, a few months ahead of schedule. This was driven by a recent decision to simul-frac and derisk the timing of our largest 2024 project, the Windham Row, in Culberson County. Simul-fracking has the potential to decrease dollar per foot on this project by an incremental 5%, bringing the projects total estimated cost savings to 5% to 15% versus our current Culberson County average. To our knowledge, this project will be the first all-electric simul-frac, powered directly from the grid. Currently, we are running 10 rigs, 7 in the Permian, 2 in the Marcellus, 1 in Anadarko, and 3 frac crews, 2 in the Permian and 1 in the Marcellus. When looking ahead to 2024, Coterra has fewer than 25% of its rigs and frac fleets under contract. This provides significant optionality. We are in the middle of negotiations on a number of contracts, and well provide a detailed update to February.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Shane and Blake. Momentum at Coterra continues to build. Were generating consistent, profitable growth. The company remains well positioned to deliver on its stated goals. We appreciate your interest in Coterra and look forward to further discussing our results during question-and-answer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nitin Kumar. Nitin, your line is open.
Nitin Kumar: Hey, good morning Tom and team. Congratulations on a great quarter. Tom, I want to start with cash returns. As much as your oil performance has been impressive, as Shane mentioned, you are on track to return 80% of free cash flow this year. Some of your peers have increased the commitment or the percentage that they promised to give back. You are still at 50%. Just, if you could share some thoughts on how you are thinking about the cash return framework and could we see it evolve in 2024?
Tom Jorden: Well, I am going to let Shane carry this one over the finish line. But look, I am just going to say flat out, we are not interested in getting in an arms race of promises on cash return. I think you can look at what we have done. Its nicely laid out in our deck, that we have a history of being serious about returning cash to our shareholders. But as you know, Nitin, we really value flexibility and I just dont think it makes any sense to make, quite frankly, glorified promises. We would rather be measured by our results.
Shane Young: Yes. Thanks, Tom. I think Tom laid it out really, really well, Nitin. But I would just emphasize that for the third quarter, we returned 84% of our free cash flow. For the year-to-date, were well above that, over 90% of our free cash flow. And that 80% figure that I talked about earlier, thats a number that sort of takes into account buybacks to date, plus dividends, including an assumed hold of the dividend in the fourth quarter and doesnt assume any incremental repurchases. So that number could well go up higher by the time we get to the year end. If you look at the track record in the history, if you go back to the first quarter of 2022, till to date, youll see weve been anywhere from 70% to in excess of 100% of our shareholder returns as a percentage of free cash flow, really averaging a bit over 80% over that time window. So I go back to what Tom says, looking at what we do, and judge us by those actions, but we are fully committed to returning capital in a good quantum to our shareholders.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for the answer, guys. As my follow-up, obviously, industry consolidation is on everybodys minds recently. Tom, you were very systematic and disciplined at Cimarex when you were creating your Permian position, then with the combination with Cabot and the formation of Coterra, you took a slightly different approach to building a different company. So just if you could give us your thoughts on the M&A market, where you see Coterra fitting in? And what is your strategy around consolidation from here and out?
Tom Jorden: Well, Nitin, thank you for that question. Our strategy is simple. Its consistent profitable growth. We want to generate financial returns through the cycles. We dont want to be beholden to a particular commodity or a particular geography. We believe in operational excellence and think that being good at the business as a strong underpinning of any kind of financial runway. We dont have a problem to solve. I think the combination of Cimarex and Cabot built one of the most resilient companies in our space. And hopefully, we are in the process of proving that to our viewers. But as we look at the landscape, we would view M&A solely as an opportunity but not a necessity. We dont have a strategic goal around any kind of M&A, quite frankly, were cautious. Were cautious because when you invest through the drill bit, you can do that incrementally and you can pivot and in just as conditions change. M&A involves large episodic movements that can often catch you countercyclically. So were opportunistic. Were never going to say never to anything. We look at it all. But were going to be disciplined. Shane, you have any thoughts on that?
Shane Young: No. Look, I would just echo that  look, the last month has seen some large-scale M&A, but really 2023 has been an active year for M&A throughout of all different shapes and sizes. And were always curious. And if things are out there, are always trying to figure out if theres an opportunity to  for those things to help make us better over time. But clearly, year-to-date, we havent seen anything that sort of checked all the right boxes. And so were very comfortable with taking the business from where we sit today.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Shane said it right. Its about getting better. And Im particularly proud of the way this organization is performing, and very confident in saying we intend to make a routine. We would not put that at risk with something that interrupts our momentum, period.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks for the answers, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Umang with Goldman Sachs. Umang, your line is open.
Umang Choudhary: Hi, good morning. And thank you for taking my questions. My first question was on the Windham Row development. Can you provide any details on the expectation from the program? And any color you can provide on the rig ad and your plans to do this, the project, heading into 2024?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Umang, this is Blake. Im happy to take that one. As weve talked about, the Windham Row, is really our largest row project to date. Its just taking all of our operational efficiencies and putting them in one place. So in several DSUs lined up together, its not what you would consider one giant cube development, if were prosecuting the Upper Wolfcamp across one big section and one big row. And by doing that, we can concentrate our rigs, our frac crews, we can co-mingle our facilities, and we can drop our infrastructure costs. So all that adds up to some pretty big cost gains. The decision to add the rig a little bit early was frankly just to get ahead of getting the wells ready. Weve decided to simul-frac that row. And so simul-frac moves very quickly. You got to have all the wells ready and we just wanted to make sure we had plenty of buffer there. So thats really the main driver.
Tom Jorden: Its also an electric simul-frac, and that required additional lead time for our partner.
Umang Choudhary: I see. Thats really helpful color. I guess moving to your 3-year outlook, and we will wait for a fulsome update next year. But I wanted to get your high-level thoughts, I mean, this year, you have shown strong performance. Oil growth is 9% year-over-year close to 9% year-over-year. And then on Slide #14, you highlighted continued expectations for strong productivity in the Delaware going forward. How should we think about the evolution for the company over the next 3, 4 years? Any high-level thoughts you can provide there?
Tom Jorden: Well, I think you should think of it in terms of our history of behavior. We dont manage the company by production goals. I think I was clear in my opening remarks on that. We really seek to fund very robust projects that not only deliver outstanding returns, but have remarkable windage if the commodity price will fall, so that we know that were getting a good return on our capital through the cycles as we can best predict them. So we said, so we decide how much capital we want to invest, what projects we want to fund, we do our very best job to come up with an estimate of what the production will be. And then we challenge our organization to overshoot that. And when they do, we dont view that as a negative. And so thats the way were going to view our 3-year plan, and we really hope to be providing better and better guidance. We always like to get what we aim for, high or low. We want to hit what we aim for. And although were proud of outperformance, it means we need to go back to drawing board and do better estimation.
Umang Choudhary: Thats great answer. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning. I was wondering if you could  really appreciate the Slide 17, on the Windham Row, but I was wondering if you could give a sense of what youre doing to de-risk some of the project timing and development of that large row development. In particular, I wanted to see if you could give us some insights on some of the learning from the Mint Julep project that you did this year, which maybe helps to de-risk this larger project?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Arun, this is Blake. Im happy to take that one. Weve learned as weve expanded these rows bigger and bigger. And while its a big pretty slide and a long row, you need to remember this is kind of what we do day in, day out. We drilled DSUs all over the Permian, and we have to stay ahead of them no matter where they are. This is just putting them all in one big row so we can prosecute them as one project. There are lots of things weve learned along the way. SIMOPs is probably the biggest one by far. We built in a lot of timing estimates based on when we drill and then we frac and then we drill out our plugs, theres a lot of timing scenarios we use, including what happens if something gets stuck, what happens if something goes wrong. We call them bailout wells. We have another well ready to go that we can shift the operation to while we work on that well. And thats really how we approach it. We built a lot of flexibility into the row development.
Arun Jayaram: And Blake, just as a quick follow-up, how many wells would you expect if timing goes as planned to come online next year because I think you just started drilling the row in the third quarter?
Blake Sirgo: All of them. It will be  the full row will come online next year, which is 51 wells. Yes, sorry. And there wont be one big slug. It will, as we get further down the road this first well will be coming online.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. And then my second question, Tom, where do you stand in terms of the $200 million of capital that could be reallocated from the Marcellus to your other two assets? And maybe just a quick update on how Demic Township, how that could impact or influence that decision?
Tom Jorden: Well, Ill take that in reverse order. We dont see Demic being a material influencer, one way or another. Were pleased to be returning there, but its not really a critical factor in any of our remarks. And then as far as the $200 million, Arun, were still where weve been, we have flexibility there. Were analyzing our options. Weve got every option in front of us and look really forward to discussing 24, when were ready to discuss it. I mean were working on our plans.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot, Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Doug, your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for hop me on. Guys, I wonder if I could ask about the Anadarko, where it sits in your thoughts on relative capital allocation for 2024. And I guess my question is around  the guidance suggested no tills in 3Q, and yet, we obviously saw the activity there. So Im just curious if your thoughts on the competitiveness of the Anadarko has stepped up a bit going into next year?
Tom Jorden: Well, thank you for that question, Doug. As you know, we love the Anadarko. It competes heads up. It offers market flexibility. It also is really coming back to force with some new targets, some new completion styles. The fact that we turned some wells online in the third quarter is just an outperformance of our execution. But I think you could expect a healthy Anadarko program next year. And its not out of love or affection. Its out of competing for capital, and those projects are really competing for capital. And then the one other thing theyve done is theyve established repeatability. Now weve got a few behind us that have been repeatable, executed well, gone like clockwork, and thats what were looking for.
Doug Leggate: I guess as my follow-on is kind of related, Tom. Thanks for the answer. So if I think about the indications on where costs are headed, capital costs are headed and all the moving parts in there, not just from yourselves but from your peers. And then I also stick with the mantra that your capital program is really driven by efficiency and not by growth. I look to 2024, and I have to consider whether your CapEx guidance either is low end of your current range or maybe have some downside risk, and Im trying to understand, would you rather take those efficiencies and redeploy the capital and keep the capital the same? Or are you trending lower in your spending going into 24? Any early guidance will be appreciated.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Im going to give you a very vague guidance here. We will take efficiencies every day we can find them. And to the extent that efficiencies mean we can do the same thing next year cheaper than we did this year, all else being equal. Thats a wonderful outcome, and we seek to find those outcomes everywhere we look, but that  you can infer what you will, with that $200 million, what that means. But it means we have more opportunities than we thought we would ever have because of efficiencies. Were not prepared to say whether well be flat, up, down, sideways. But I will say this, I think you can look for us to have a very strong 2024, based on the operational momentum, capital efficiency, asset productivity and operational execution that we have going on. Its going to flow right into 24, and we will be able to do more with less.
Doug Leggate: Appreciate the answers. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber with Citigroup. Scott, your line is open.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Thank you and good morning. So I want to touch on the strategy with the row development. It does differ a bit from peers, in that youre generally focused on single zone development and not developing multiple benches. Can you just provide some more detail on what differs from a geologic perspective on the eastern side of the acreage? You mentioned on the Eastern side, co-development, is it necessary? Do you just see far less communication on the eastern side? What is the strategy, mainly a call on, really being able to leverage prior surface spending when you do develop these Tier 2 zones down the road, to offset the lower productivity. Just some more color on the strategy.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Well, Im going to just say, first and foremost, as much as we talk about the Permian Basin, its highly variable and a lot of things change. depth, pressure, product type. Its really not one single basin, but you have tremendous variation in stratigraphy and geomechanics and how rocks respond. For much, not all, but for much of our assets, we have come to the informed conclusion that co-development of vertical benches is not necessary, we can develop a particular bench and come back and develop benches above and below. Now thats a function of frac barriers. Its a function of reservoir performance. Its a function of timing. But the fact that others see it differently, theyre playing in different areas of the basin. Its like me telling you that Mexico has the wrong word for beer. I mean, you get different answers depending on where you are. And even within the Windham Row, youre going to see that the interference changes from east to west. So we are very confident in our approach. Ill just leave you with that. Thats not to disagree or contradict anybody elses, but we have a lot of data that makes us firm in the statement, that we can develop this single bench in the Wolfcamp without leaving behind resource above or below us. Its also highly efficient to our infrastructure. But thats a benefit, not a driver.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Ill just add to that, the row development does lay the groundwork for all future benches that we might develop. The infrastructure is in place. The tank batteries are in place. Our team has already modeled all those zones and how they can come on later and it will just drive down the dollar per foot on future projects. But as Tom said, thats an outcome. Thats not the driver of why were developing and the way we are.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Do you have like a rough estimate in terms of savings on the subsequent developments when all the infrastructure and service spend has already sunk?
Blake Sirgo: No, Id be nervous to quote a percentage on that one because its not in the immediate drill schedule, but its significant. It will move the needle.
Scott Gruber: Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Blake Sirgo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum with TD Cowen. David, your line is open.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks, Tom and team. Appreciate you guys taking my questions this morning.
Tom Jorden: Hi, David.
David Deckelbaum: Just curious, you all have demonstrated some pretty impressive well productivity gains, certainly over your base cases. Im curious, as we progress into the back half or the end of 23 into 24, 25. How would you contextualize midstream constraints? I know, obviously, you have large-scale developments like Windham Row coming online. But weve heard by and large from many of the peers in the area, that midstream is creating a pretty big overhang around some near-term productivity. Could you contextualize, I guess, what youre seeing and how you feel about the midstream setup going into 24 and 25 relative to your productivity?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, David, this is Blake. Ill take that one. In relation to the Windham Row, but also all of our development in Culberson and Reeves County, we own and operate our own midstream systems. Actually, about 70% of our operated gas and our operated water goes through our Coterra midstream assets. So we have tremendous control. These are systems we have developed over years. Triple Crown, for example, in Culberson County, is tied into over five different processors that we can shift gas around to, which gives us a ton of reliability. In addition, we have multiple natural gas residue outlets. And that just gives us a ton of flexibility and confidence in being ready for these big projects. In New Mexico, we are a third party on the majority of our assets. That requires a lot of planning for all the reasons you alluded to earlier. But we have some pretty good service partners, and we have found as long as we stay far ahead of our projects, theyll be ready for us.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate that. And then maybe just  so I better understand the comments around the Marcellus spend this next year. It seems like its being phrased as though its an option to spend $200 million less, but I guess, is that the correct way to think about it? Or is there really a $100 million plus of efficiency gains in there or just program changes just from designing better plans into next year?
Tom Jorden: Well, Dave, what I said in my opening remarks is as we throttle into the year, were currently in a cadence where we would  if we didnt change, we would hold production flat and be able to realize those savings. But we also have on-ramps and off-ramps. I talked about planning. And one of the things that Im most pleased about with our current program is, whether were talking about the Permian, the Anadarko or the Marcellus, each one of those plans has places where we can accelerate or decelerate if conditions change. We thought ahead, we pre-planned the way to react. And so right now, as we enter into 2024, we are going to be on a flattish-Marcellus cadence. And I would say you would probably see us increase rather than decrease from that if conditions warranted.
David Deckelbaum: Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein with UBS. Your line is open, Josh.
Josh Silverstein: Hi. Thanks. Good morning guys. Just sticking with the Marcellus, the realizations have been pretty strong this year, and even better than the corporate realizations. I know some of this is from the NYMEX and fixed price contracts that you guys have. You outlined what you have for the rest of the year. Can you just provide us a little bit of insight as to what you guys have next year? And any thoughts on kind of what you can do for locking in strong basis relative to what the forward curve may be? Thanks.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Josh, this is Blake. I will take that one. We dont really see a change going from 23 to 24 in our portfolio. We are expecting to realize about 85% of NYMEX this year. That is driven by a big portfolio thats anchored to a lot of out-of-basin indexes that give us exposure to strong pricing in the winter, and also a lot of NYMEX pricing built in there. So, we dont see a big change from 23 to 24 and how that portfolio is managed.
Shane Young: And I would just say, even though the second quarter and third quarter, that realization is a little lower, if you look year-to-date, thats right about where we are tracking year-to-date.
Josh Silverstein: Alright. Yes. Thanks for that. And then just on managing the cash balance, I think Tom, you said you wanted to have about $1 billion of cash on hand. Can you just talk about the flexibility in this? I think you still plan on paying down the third quarter maturity next year with cash. But could this cash also be used to support shareholder returns potentially above 100% of free cash flow if crude oil and natural gas prices move lower? Thanks.
Tom Jorden: Yes. I will jump on to Josh for a second here. So look, on the cash balance, again, if you look back over the last, lets call it, 1.5 years or seven quarters, its sort of been between call it, maybe a little over $600 million, a little below $1.5 billion. So, we sort of gravitated around that $1 billion balance. I think we do want to be able to be countercyclical with regards to shareholder returns. So, if we are in a period like the second quarter, where free cash flow is a little bit tighter, we can certainly go beyond with that, in some cases, well beyond that in order to continue to support if we think there is intrinsic value in doing that with the share repurchase program. So, we certainly have that ability going forward. The other thing I would just touch on quickly is next falls maturity, the 2024. And just to highlight, no decisions have been made on that. And so I think you sort of indicated that we would likely repurchase that or pay that off for cash. And thats certainly one of the options, and we think we have a lot of different options. But I will just sort of temper that a bit and say no final decision has been made on that maturity.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Derrick Whitfield with Stifel. Derrick, your line is open.
Derrick Whitfield: Good morning and congrats on the strong quarter and update. Perhaps for Tom or Blake, one of the majors on the back of a recent acquisition talked about the potential to double or recovery with Newtek as a technical freight-winning organization thats been in the basin for quite some time, are there any developments that you are aware of that could drive that degree of improvement in recoveries?
Tom Jorden: Yes, I will start that and Blake may want to comment. We followed that topic carefully. There are a couple of companies kind of talking about that. And I wish I could tell you that we had some back laboratory where we have our own version of it, but we dont. We are watching very carefully. We certainly hope its true. But we dont see evidence that its been field tested yet in any meaningful way. So Blake, do you want to comment?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I will just echo what Tom says, we are highly curious. We asked about it all the time. But today, we havent seen anything show up in the data that would show some technologies being widely used. So, we will continue to pay attention.
Derrick Whitfield: Great. And as my follow-up, referencing Slide 17, I want to take it with really a different angle with my question. As you think about the go/no-go decision on co-development of Harkey and the Western spacing units of the Windham Row, whats the downside of co-development from an upstream perspective if well level returns are largely consistent?
Tom Jorden: Yes. I dont know that I see a downside other than midstream activity, and we do have a certain amount of capital that we want to deploy. So, if we were to co-develop, it would be increased capital. We have looked at this pretty hard. Certainly, within our assets, there are areas where there is more interference between the Wolfcamp and the Harkey, then there is areas where there is little observable interference. Even where we see interference, those Harkey wells are landmark, that helps, I mean even if you say, well you are going to drill the Wolfcamp, comeback sometime later and catch the Harkey. The returns on that Harkey layer, even with depletion effects are outstanding.
Derrick Whitfield: Great color. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Your line is open, Neal.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning and thanks for the time. Tom, my question, if I got asked on the capital allocation a little differently, you all previously had well above what I would call in prior, call it, a year or 2 years ago, what I always would deem is definitely well above-average production growth and what I would probably call then probably average shareholder return. And then obviously, here in the recent quarters, you have kind of reversed that where you now have well-above shareholder return, what I would call probably the average production growth. I am just wondering Tom, for you, again, is there a scenario where you would revert more back to that prior scenario?
Tom Jorden: In the prior scenario being above-average production growth, is that what you are saying?
Neal Dingmann: Yes, sir, and more back to the  instead of a 90% payout on the shareholder return, maybe back to, I dont even know 50%, 60% or something?
Tom Jorden: No. I think we like our current approach. And under current conditions, I always want to say that, look, if the world changes, the last thing you should want me to say is, no, we are going to just keep doing what we are doing, even though the world has changed all around us. We have built Coterra to be flexible. But under current conditions, we are pretty solid with our current approach. Shane, anything you want to say to that?
Shane Young: No, I would agree with it. I mean I would only say, Neal, again, we have a lot of peers today that are probably more focused on just maintaining and keeping things flat. And so I think in that regard, Coterra is differentiated and that we can still generate consistent profitable growth in the current price environment that we sit in.
Neal Dingmann: Yes. Great add-on, Shane, I agree with that. And then second question, just on the cost reductions, very noticeable on the prepared remarks, you talked about the simul-fracs have potential for the 5% decrease, and taking the covering [ph] costs all the way down up to 15%. Can you remind me prior to this or a quarter or two quarters ago, into deflation next year? Are we all just thinking kind of maybe a 5% deflation, I am just wondering kind of how you are looking at sort of total, I dont know if you want to call it deflation time, but sort of all in lower cost next year, versus maybe what expectations were a quarter or two quarters ago?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. For the total program, we are still estimating about 5% deflation going into 24. Thats based on what we know today, these simul-frac savings would be in addition to that. But thats just for this one project, and we have a big portfolio, so its gone across the board savings. We are in the middle of negotiating our rig and frac contracts for 24 right now, and look forward to updating that when we put our plan out in February.
Neal Dingmann: Thanks guys. Great update.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt Portillo with TPH. Your line is open, Matt.
Matt Portillo: Good morning all. Tom, maybe a question on the Anadarko Basin to follow-up on Dougs question. It sounds like next year, you will have a relatively healthy level of activity. But I am just curious, maybe looking into the medium-term, it is an asset where you still have about 240 locations that compete for capital. Its also a base that seems to be well situated to meet some of the pull demand from an LNG perspective. Just curious what you need to see either from a cost perspective or well productivity perspective or maybe a macro change, to see a healthy level of rig activity in the basin moving into the second half of the decade.
Tom Jorden: Well, look, what I would love to see is long-term LNG contract guarantees saw uplift in price, we would be willing to get after it. So, I am looking at Blake, getting him working on that. We do have an amazing asset in the Anadarko Basin. Its ready to go. I mean we when we look at the Permian, the Marcellus, Anadarko, Coterra is very well positioned for exactly what was designed when we formed it. We can react to liquids prices or natural gas prices with a healthy inventory. When I say healthy, I mean a deep and robust inventory, and really, more and more people are seeing that in our asset base. But we would have that option. I mean thats, Blake, do you want to comment on that?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Just, the Anadarko is very well positioned for LNG. Its got a straight shot to the coast. There is lots of new facilities coming online there. All of them intrigue us. As Tom said, we would love to find one that guarantees us some great tailwinds to our cash flow. We havent found that yet. But we are focused on how do we do an LNG deal that minimizes our total cost, but also gives us some flexibility. We do like to move capital around and we hate for the tail to end up wagging the dog on that.
Matt Portillo: Perfect. And maybe just a follow-up on gas specifically. Tom, just curious how you all are feeling about the hedge book heading into 2024. It still seems like it might be a bit of a transition year with some challenges on the inventory carryout from 23. And so just wanted to see how you all are thinking about your hedge profile for next year and then maybe longer term philosophy around hedging for natural gas.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Shane, why dont you take that?
Shane Young: Yes, sure. So look, over the course of the last quarter, we did add some hedges to the book. And again, I think historically, we have been pretty consistent in messaging, we want to be somewhere between 20%, 25% to upwards of 50% hedged, any sort of forward 12 months, 18 months window. And so we try to get back into that posture. I think as you look today, we are positioned that way, plus or minus, around 25% to 30%, on the gas side, if you include the physical hedges and the financial hedges in concert. And we think thats a good place to be, but we will continue to monitor it as we go. You will also find that if you just look at the shape of that hedge book, it is probably a little bit front half of the year weighted, a little less second half, not to the extreme, but there is a little bit of a slope to that profile.
Matt Portillo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Mr. Read, your line is open.
Roger Read: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Just, come back to some of the productivity questions. There is obviously a portion of it you have talked about thats above ground driven, and there is a portion thats below ground driven. I think the above ground is not too hard to understand from a logistics standpoint, e-fracs switch over. But the below ground, what have you been able to do there thats led to better performance per lateral foot?
Tom Jorden: Well, one of the things we have done, Roger, over the last few years, has really spent a tremendous amount of time studying the optimum development scheme for a drilling spacing unit. We have a little different spacing assumption than others. And I think we are  as we apply that throughout our portfolio, we are seeing ongoing benefits from it. We think that with fewer wells, we can extract the same amount of resource. Our machine learning team has been instrumental to Coterra in that understanding. And they continue to drive a lot of our thinking. Its been a remarkable piece of technology to adopt internally, and its had direct benefits in our capital efficiency.
Roger Read: As we think about wider spacing, how does it factor in with the total inventory like the [Technical Difficulty] or are we thinking about enough of a run that you are not concerned over the next several years?
Tom Jorden: Yes, you were breaking up there, but I believe your question is with wider spacing, how does that impact the duration of our resource. We have modeled that into everything you see in our deck, thats modeled in. And we dont count number six on the map, quite frankly. Although everybody loves a high number there, we look at  I mean if we can drill fewer wells and get better financial returns and not leave stranded resource, that is the holy grail. And we think we are never there. Well, we are moving in that direction in a very positive way, and thats part of whats underwritten our results this quarter.
Roger Read: Alright. Thank you. Apologies for the break.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leo Mariani with ROTH. Leo, your line is open.
Leo Mariani: Yes. Hi. I just wanted to ask on the seventh Permian rig here. It sounds like that was kind of always part of the plan and perhaps you guys just accelerated. So, I just wanted to confirm that was something that was going to be in place kind of all year in 2024. So, I mean it sounds like you are probably going to have a little bit more all-in Permian activity next year?
Tom Jorden: Well, I will tell you, if that was pretty big, there are a lot of people down in the hallway that have scars from us finding over that. But I will let Blake answer the question.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I would say the real impetus was the Windham Row, like we have talked about. Thats a big project. We want to be well ahead of it to give us lots of timing. The drilling cadence associated with that project only how its picking up the rig early in 24, and we just decided to buy ourselves a little time and take it up early. We are able to contract a great rig with one of our strong service providers, and it was hot and ready to go, so we jumped on.
Leo Mariani: Okay. And so I just wanted to get a sense, I mean is that going to give you guys a little bit more Permian activity then just on average, it sounds like you are going to be running a little bit more equipment next year?
Tom Jorden: No. It really just accelerates the project. Its not  it wasnt a big material shift. We had plans to bring that rig next year anyway.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Understood. And then I guess, Tom, you talked about this a couple of times, but you got the multiyear guide, you are going to update that early next year, and it just sounds like clearly, you have outpaced expectations in 2023. It just seems like if we continue to see strong well results out of Coterra, you have got this guide of oil, of kind of 5% plus. If trends continue, it seems like it could be a little bit more than the plus as opposed to the 5%, as we roll into next year?
Tom Jorden: Well, we are currently 5% plus, and we look forward to discussing our plans when we roll them out. We are still having some iterations. But we are seeing great asset productivity and we expect any surprise to be the upside. Now that said, we also operate in the world where things go wrong. I mean there is  we are not immune from train wrecks, operationally. We avoid them as best we can. But I think if you look at our sector, any kind of operational interruptions are always part of our business. So, we like to promise what we think we can deliver.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Charles, your line is open.
Charles Meade: Good morning Tom to you and your team there and thanks for going over the remarks [ph] here. This perhaps dovetails with that last question on your outlook for 24. But I want to start specifically with your 4Q oil guide, which was stronger than many of us from the outside looking in, we are expecting. So, perhaps this also fits with your earlier comments about volumes or volume growth is really an output, not a driver, we look at your sequential quarters over the course of trying to, we can see that, and that the oil rate has ticked up and its ticked back down, and you are going to have a big pickup for Q4. So, my question to bring it to a point is, how would you encourage us to look at this 4Q, your 4Q volumes? Is this one of the  a big uptick thats likely to mean revert, or is this more along the lines of a new baseline that you that you guys are looking at that you are going to build on?
Tom Jorden: Well, we havent, as you know, specific plans for 24, but we carry a lot of operational momentum into 24. Now, that doesnt mean that you take the extra rate and just keep it going up to the ride. When we talk about growth, we are talking about annual numbers. But what we are seeing with a lot of these projects that we discussed, such as Windham Row, is we are seeing less seesaw in that production profile. And we will be working hard to maintain that and 24 have less seesaw. We would like to have smooth operational cadence and kind of dampen the volatility in that production profile.
Charles Meade: And I guess maybe just for my follow-up, can you elaborate on what seesaw is?
Tom Jorden: Well, seesaw is up and down significantly quarter-over-quarter. But again, we are not prepared to discuss anything in specific about 24 on this call. I think our 3-year guide of 5 years plus  excuse me, 5% plus on oil is a reasonable expectation, and thats kind of where we are studying kind of a starting point on the planning process.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there will be no more further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Tom Jorden for closing remarks.
Tom Jorden: Well, I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Again, we are very pleased at Coterra, to be delivering excellent results for the third quarter, but I will finish where I have started. We expect this out of ourselves, and we think you should expect this from us. So, look forward to delivering consistent performance over time. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays call. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Dan Guffey, Vice President, Finance, Planning and Analysis and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Daniel Guffey: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, and thank you for joining Coterra Energy's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, CEO and President; and Shane Young, Executive Vice President and CFO. Also on the call are Blake Sirgo, Senior Vice President of Operations; and Scott Schroeder. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session.  As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation, both of which can be found on our website.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Jorden: Thank you, Dan, and welcome to all of you who have joined our call this morning. We're looking forward to discussing our second quarter results as well as our approach to the business and outlook for the years ahead.  First, some remarks on our second quarter results. We had an excellent quarter driven by production beats on oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. Volumes on all 3 commodities exceeded the high end of our guidance. Our production beat was primarily driven by well productivity that exceeded our expectations. This was true in the Marcellus, Anadarko and the Permian. This beat was driven by many factors, including optimization of completion design, spacing, landing zone selection and better-than-expected performance from a project of 3-mile laterals. Our go-forward well productivity should closely approximate current trends in the coming years. We are highly confident in our sustainable asset performance. Excellent results are easy to describe, but tremendously hard to achieve. It takes dedication and teamwork between our operations, marketing, midstream and regulatory teams. It takes support from our corporate engineering group, our machine learning team, our IT team and our accounting team. Mostly, it takes the dedication and passion of our field staff, who put their shoulder to the wheel 24/7, 365 days a year with a commitment to excellence and safety.  The Coterra team is operating as one, and it is a pleasure to be a member of such an outstanding team. Our vision for Coterra is one of consistent profitable growth through the cycles, a vision made possible by hard work and perseverance.  We expect our CapEx for the full year to fall within our previously announced annual cost guidance range. Costs continued to moderate slightly, but not as significantly as we had hoped. Slide 12 in our investor deck shows that although we look ahead to a 10% to 15% reduction in some big ticket items, we foresee a net 5% reduction in total well cost as we look ahead to 2024.  Second, I'd like to make a few remarks regarding our approach to the business. With top-tier assets, a pristine balance sheet and few contractual service commitments, we have tremendous flexibility for 2024 and beyond. Now as ever, our mission is to generate consistent profitable growth. Having outstanding oil and natural gas assets with a low cost of supply, allows us the wherewithal to accomplish this. It takes discipline and, at times, a dose of courage. We will not stop and start our program with short-term swings in commodity pricing.  We have learned over time that chasing the strip up or down is a fool's around. Our experience tells us that in a cyclic commodity business, the winners are those that can maintain disciplined consistency. Highly reactive behavior can badly backfire, especially in a world where project cycle times can be longer than short-term swings in commodity prices.  We choose as-steady-as-she-goes approach to our program design and execution. We stress test all of our opportunities at draconian low commodity prices, so that we can deliver reasonable returns through the ups and downs of the cycles. We play to win.  Finally, let me make a few remarks regarding our outlook for the years ahead. Although we are currently working on our 2024 plans, we will not be making specific comments on them. Our plans will be built with some simple considerations. First, based on range-bound assumptions of future commodity pricing, we estimate what level of total capital expenditure is appropriate for Coterra. We continuously reexamine our inventory with the goal of selecting the very best returns. We stress test these opportunities to ensure that they can withstand down drafts and pricing as well as increase in costs. We insist on flexibility, so that we can pivot if macro commodity conditions change.  In long-term planning, we think of total Coterra capital. And within that framework, capital will flow from basin to basin as conditions warrant. We have a firm conviction that production is an outcome, not a primary driver. Consistent annual progress is our goal, and if smart project architecture leads to quarterly fluctuations, so be it. We'll have some large projects in 2023 and beyond, driven by our goal of achieving the best returns over the long haul. We don't get distracted by quarterly fluctuations as projects come online. Although we like production beats, our commitment is to invest for results that can withstand commodity swings. These principles are in our corporate DNA.  As we look ahead into 2024, we have options and flexibility. For example, we can drop capital in to Marcellus by more than $200 million versus 2023 and still hold the region's production flat over multiple years. We have the option to redirect the capital or to simply invest at a slower cadence. We also retain the ability to restore activity if the gas macro were to significantly recover.  Although we're confident in our ability to deliver on our updated 3-year outlook as shown on Slide 5 of our investor deck, we have a wide range of options on total capital and allocation. The outstanding quality and durability of our assets, the flexibility of our capital allocation, our organizational capacity and our consistent execution are what differentiates Coterra. As always, we prefer to speak about results rather than promises.  Before I turn the call over to Shane, I want to welcome him to Coterra. Shane will be a key player in our team for many years to come. We are absolutely delighted that he has joined the team. He will make us better. Welcoming Shane is a bit bittersweet or it's on the heels of Scott Schroeder's decision to retire. Today will be Scott's last quarterly conference call. Scott's career is one for the record books.  With Cabot, Scott was instrumental in building one of the finest companies in our sector and a defining success for the Shale era. Scott's vision and wisdom were key to the formation of Coterra and he has become a trusted adviser and dear friend to us all. We will miss Scott and wish him a fruitful and satisfying retirement. He leaves with our deep gratitude.  With that, I will turn the call over to Shane.
Shannon Young: Thank you, Tom. It is a pleasure to be on today's call. This morning, I will discuss our second quarter 2023 results, provide details on our shareholder return program, and update our activity outlook and guidance for the third quarter and for the full year.  During the second quarter, total production volumes averaged 665 MBoe per day. Natural gas volumes grew to 2.9 Bcf per day and oil averaged 95.8 Mbo per day, which is a new high watermark for Coterra. In fact, all 3 production streams came in well above the high end of guidance. Our operations teams in all 3 regions executed nicely, which drove BOE production up 5% sequentially. The strong performance was driven primarily by positive well productivity and improved operational efficiencies. Turn-in lines during the quarter totaled 39 net wells, within our guidance of 36 to 45 wells.  Production growth during the period was more than offset by commodity price declines, which were down 30% quarter-over-quarter on a BOE basis, driving net income and cash flow lower relative to the first quarter. Coterra reported net income of $209 million and discretionary cash flow of $705 million during the quarter. These results are inclusive of realized cash hedge gains of $84 million. Second quarter accrued capital expenditures totaled $537 million, within our guidance of $510 million to $570 million, and free cash flow was $113 million after cash capital expenditures, which totaled $592 million. Based on strip prices, cash flow and free cash flow are projected to increase during the back half of 2023, and the company expects greater than 55% of its 2023 revenue to come from oil and NGL sales.  Turning to return of capital. Yesterday, we announced a $0.20 per share base dividend for the second quarter. Our annual base dividend of $0.80 per share remains 1 of the highest yielding base dividends in the industry at nearly 3% based on recent trading levels. Management and the Board remain committed to responsibly increasing the base dividend on an annual cadence.  During the second quarter, despite relatively lower commodity prices and cash flow, Coterra continued to execute its return program by repurchasing 2.4 million shares for $57 million at an average price of $23.55 per share. In total, we returned 184% of free cash flow during the quarter. The company's large cash balance afforded us the luxury to return capital in excess of our quarterly free cash flow and continue to buy our shares countercyclically at attractive prices.  Based on results year-to-date, Coterra's returned $628 million to shareholders or 94% of free cash flow via our base dividend and share repurchases. We are reiterating our annual commitment to return 50% plus of free cash flow to shareholders. When taking into account recent strip prices, buyback activity completed to date and our base dividend, we expect to return well in excess of 50% of 2023 free cash flow.  Lastly, I'll discuss refinements to our 2023 guidance and activity outlook. First on capital. We are reiterating some of the company's 2023 accrued capital estimate of $2 billion to $2.2 billion. While we are currently trending 1% to 2% above the midpoint of our guidance range, we are seeing clear signs of future cost softening on big ticket items such as rigs, steel and frac crews. Other cost categories, including labor and surface rentals have been more sticky and flat to modestly up.  Based on leading-edge service costs, coupled with the timing of our contract repricing, our best estimate based on information we have today is that we will see a 2024 dollar per foot decrease of approximately 5% as compared to 2023. We retain a substantial amount of flexibility for our 2024 capital program in all 3 basins and plan on detailing our program early next year as per our customary annual guidance release.  On to production guidance. We are increasing our full year oil guidance by 3% at the midpoint to 91 to 94 Mbo per day, driven primarily by strong well performance in both the Permian and Anadarko basins. We are increasing our natural gas and BOE guidance 2% at the midpoint on the back of solid well performance in the Marcellus. For the third quarter, we estimate production will average 640 MBoe per day, natural gas to average 2.8 Bcf per day and oil to average 89.5 Mbo per day. The sequential production decline is solely related to timing and was previously forecasted internally. As implied by our full year guidance, we expect to see a return to growth in the fourth quarter.  In our investor presentation, we reiterated our 3-year outlook, which assumes the company achieves a 3-year oil CAGR of 5%. BOE and natural gas CAGR of 0% to 5% and with capital and activity that is flat to down relative to 2023 levels. One update in our presentation was a change in our oil CAGR outlook. We now expect our 3-year CAGR to be greater than 5%. This change is primarily driven by the observed strong well performance in 2023 to date. We have yet to finalize 2024 capital investment allocation by region and retain significant optionality. We will continue to allocate capital to its most productive use.  Based on recent strip and our outlook, our 2023 discretionary cash flow guidance is $3.35 billion, down from $3.6 billion in May. The decrease in cash flow is driven primarily by lower natural gas and NGL realizations. The 2023 free cash flow is now estimated to be $1.24 billion, down from $1.58 billion, which is due to lower discretionary cash flow and higher projected cash CapEx, which includes the cash impact of forecasted changes in AP at year-end.  Turning to a few business unit updates. The Marcellus delivered strong well performance during the quarter. Production increased 9% sequentially, driving total company natural gas volumes 2% above the high end of guidance. As previously communicated, we recently dropped Marcellus activity to 2 rigs and 1 crew. If this level of activity holds in 2024 and 2025, Marcellus capital could decline by at least $200 million per year while holding production relatively flat.  In the Anadarko, our last 2 projects, which both came online in the second half of 2022, continue to outperform. We are currently fracking the 7-well Evans development, which is expected to come online during the fourth quarter. We are running 1 rig in the region during the back half of the year, which will provide nice momentum heading into 2024.  In the Permian, we are currently running 6 rigs and 3 frac crews, 1 of which will be utilized as a spot crew. Permian turn-in lines are trending to the high end of our annual guide, largely due to operational efficiencies, including improving drilling and frac feet per day. The incremental wells are expected to come online late in the fourth quarter and contribute minimally to 2023 annual volumes.  Lastly, I'll touch on unit costs. Cash costs, including LOE, workover, transportation, production taxes and G&A totaled $8.27 per BOE during the second quarter, down for approximately $8.90 in the first quarter. This was well within our annual range of $7.30 to $9.40 per BOE.  One note on deferred tax guidance. After utilizing the bulk of our NOLs in the high commodity price environment during 2022, we expect deferred taxes to range between 10% and 20% of income tax expense in 2023.  In summary, despite commodity headwinds during the quarter, momentum for Coterra continues. This is supported by strong operational execution, which led to production beats for the quarter and the need to raise our annual production guidance range. The company remains well positioned to meet or exceed our 2023 as well as our 2023 to 2025 targets.  Finally, I would also like to congratulate Scott Schroeder for all his successes over his 28-year career at Cabot and Coterra. He has been instrumental to creating a bright future at Coterra that we enjoy today. I'd like to personally thank him for all his efforts and the support he has provided me over the past month.  With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from Nitin Kumar of Mizuho Securities.
Nitin Kumar: First of all, congratulations, Scott, on your retirement, and congrats Shane on the new role. I want to start by unpacking -- sorry, congrats. I want to start by unpacking the guide for third quarter a little bit. In your prepared remarks, you emphasized that the beat in the second quarter came from improved productivity, but you're looking for about 7% decline in oil. Could you just walk us through maybe the cadence of completions for the rest of the year? And just kind of what leads to this guide?
Thomas Jorden: Nitin, it's completely project timing and when projects come on. We're in the process of bringing online what we call our mid- [indiscernible], which is 23 wells. And so the timing of when those come on as we complete that row is strongly driving our production cadence. We've got a -- the next project, our Red Hills asset in New Mexico that will come on over the third and fourth quarter. We also, in the second quarter, had a nice pleasant surprise with the overperformance of 3-mile project, 4 wells in Reeves County. It's completely project timing, our productivity is surprising us significantly to the upside. And as Shane said in his remarks, this was part of our plan. This is not a surprise to us, nor is it a concern.
Nitin Kumar: Got it. I guess, as my follow-up, I want to touch a little bit about the cash return. We saw you against a tough commodity tape dip into the cash balance a bit and return. I think it was 185% of free cash flow. Could you talk a little bit about how do you see -- you have, I think, $840 million at the end of the quarter. How do you balance between maintaining some cash, being countercyclical in your buybacks? And how you're looking at it sort of longer term?
Shannon Young: Yes. Thank you. I'll take that. Listen, when I say on the return of capital program, first of all, the company looks at it from a full year program cycle, and focusing on quarter-to-quarter certainly make decisions, but I think we try to keep a vision of the totality of it in mind. If you look back over time, we've maintained a cash balance over the last 6 quarters as high as almost $1.5 billion, as low as in the $600 million. So I think that's a range the company is comfortable operating within. And from there, I think as we make individual decisions quarter-to-quarter, we're going to look at what is the free cash flow, what is the outlook for the coming period, and what's our internal look at the value of the shares that are trading in the marketplace.
Operator: Your next question is from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan Chase.
Arun Jayaram: I wanted to get some more details on the slight change in your 3-year outlook. Now you're highlighting the potential to drive annual oil growth above 5%, which was 5% below before that. What is driving that slight change? And does that contemplate the potential reinvestment of $200 million, call it, from the Marcellus to your 2 other oil plays?
Thomas Jorden: Yes, Arun, it's well productivity is driving that change fairly and simply. And no, there's no assumption of reallocation in that 3-year plan.
Arun Jayaram: Understood, Tom. And what would -- as you and your team look at the 2024 outlook, just looking at strip pricing today, would you say that there's a better than 50% chance that you do decide to reallocate that just given your inventory depth in the Delaware Basin?
Thomas Jorden: No, I would not say.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. All right, Tom. I just wanted to get your thoughts on that. But for now, it seems like that $200 million, you haven't made a decision on it, fair enough?
Thomas Jorden: That's correct. Thanks, Arun.
Operator: Your next question is from Umang Choudhary of Goldman Sachs.
Umang Choudhary: And also congratulations, Scott, for your retirement. We will miss you. And, Shane, congratulations, look forward to working with you. Let me start with the cost deflation point. I appreciate all the details, which you provide on Slide 12. You mentioned that some of your contracts are staggered, so you might not realize the full benefit in 2024. Can you remind us the percentage of your overall CapEx, which will be exposed to those cost savings? And then to be sure, this is not incorporated in your 3-year outlook?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, this is Blake. I'll take that one. Really, what we're trying to show on Slide 12 is how our cost structure is and is not moving throughout '23. So when we built the budget, we had some strong indications that our leading cost indicators were coming down. And most of those have come to fruition. So you can see with our midyear repricings, we gained ground on rigs, OCTG, frac sand, but it's really the remaining market piece of our cost structure that just hasn't seen the same deflation.  So that part has been pretty sticky. It's a bunch of smaller services driven by really underpinned by labor and fuel, and we just haven't seen that deflation there. So all we're assuming when we do the 5% is that those leading-edge indicators on those services we've called out, maintains for a full year, whereas this year, we only got to realize them for half a year.
Umang Choudhary: Got you. That makes sense. And then I just wanted to go back to the 3-year outlook. I'm trying to understand your earlier comments about maintaining a consistent operational program and some of the recent efficiency gains, which you have realized. What does it mean for your activity plans? Would it mean that you will drill more wells, complete more wells, more productive wells? And how does that change your thoughts around long-term capital spending?
Thomas Jorden: Well, certainly, we'll drill more productive wells. And with our operations team, we will achieve increasing operational efficiencies. We -- as we've outlined in our deck, in the Permian, we have a 51-well project underway, and that's remarkable and offers the opportunity for some great efficiencies. It's going to be stunningly productive. I'll say, as we look at all of our options, we look to see what's our outlook for commodity prices, how low can the commodity price fall where we would still generate a really nice return on our capital. And there is always a bit of wanting to skate where the puck is going to be on commodity pricing.  So -- but we're going to be disciplined. We're not going to chase the strip, as I said, but we also like to be consistent. I mean chasing the strip works both ways. It means racing to add activity when prices are high, but it also means panicking when prices are low and dropping activity, and that can be horribly destructive to everything we want to accomplish. It could be destructive to your well productivity, it can be destructive to operational efficiency, and you can exactly time it wrong.  So consistency is a luxury that Coterra affords, and we intend to exercise it.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Let me offer also my thanks and gratitude to Scott for all his help over the years. And Shane, I look forward to working with you. Gentlemen, I wonder if I could start with a little housekeeping point. It's a little subtle observation, I just wonder if it's something worth talking about. If we look at your Permian production mix going back last couple of years, it seems to us -- I'll just give you the numbers here. If I go back to late '21, you were about 35%, 36% natural gas yield. End of last year, it was 34%, first quarter, it was 32%. This quarter, it's 31%. Is there something going on there? Or is it just a function of flush oil production?
Thomas Jorden: We -- if there's some overprint of it, we're not aware of. I think it's -- yes, it may be a function of some of our spacing and getting spacing right, so that we're not seeing GOR increases rapidly on some of our developments. But overall, we see a fairly consistent analysis of our assets. Blake, do you want to comment on that?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I'd just say, our program is driven by constantly high-grading. And so in the Permian, that means our oils projects come to the . So our team is doing a great job with that. I'm not surprised that it went on.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I just wondered if there was something different about what you guys are doing, but thank you for that. My follow-up is really a clarification question on the earlier comments about spending. Shane, you touched on the Marcellus and your activity level obviously dropped earlier this year. So understanding everything Tom said about accepting the growth as an output. It sounds like you're signaling that for the current level of activity, you're -- your CapEx could reasonably be in the $ 1.9 billion, maybe even lower range. Am I reading that wrong? Or can you just elaborate a little bit on what you were trying to signal there?
Shannon Young: Yes. Look, I think what I was trying to say is we currently have 2 rigs running and 1 crew in the Marcellus. And if we were to maintain that level of activity into the future, that our annual capital would be $200 million lower in the Marcellus area. So I think that's -- that was sort of the message that we're trying to deliver based on where activity is today.
Doug Leggate: And that holds you flat in the Marcellus?
Shannon Young: Battles production flat in the Marcellus.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Scala of Stephens.
Michael Scialla: I'll offer my congratulations to both Scott and Shane as well. Curious if any of your investors are telling you that they don't want to see oil growth of more than 5% over the next few years. Tom, you mentioned the flexibility that you have, but you don't want to be reactionary. What are your thoughts around potentially cutting CapEx and just holding production flat?
Thomas Jorden: Mike, we've got a wide range of investors, as you can imagine. We have different voices. Quite frankly, we have some investors that tell us that if anybody is earning the right to grow, it's this team. We have other investors that are -- feel differently. We always enjoy conversations with our investors in getting feedback, and we'll certainly be doing that on the heels of this call. But I think the investors that I think resonate with our story are looking for consistency, and they're not buying Coterra to just ride a wave up or down. They want to see some progress. And that's what we're here to do.
Michael Scialla: Makes sense. Tom, you mentioned that Culberson row 51-well project seems like an exceptionally large group of wells there. Can you give a bit more color on what are the potential savings, where do those come in, and maybe the timing of getting those wells online?
Thomas Jorden: Yes. I'll start it out, and I'll let Blake take it home. But this is exactly what our Shale era is needing. We can take advantage of infrastructure. We can take advantage of operational efficiencies. We can take advantage of certainly our electrification, and we can take advantage of minimizing any kind of parent-child interference. We can stage the wells coming online in the way that manage this reservoir. It's just really everything that the last decade has led up to in terms of taking advantage of our own technical innovations. Blake, do you want to say anything?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, sure. I know the headline reads 51-well project, but I think it's important to share how our ops teams look at it. What we're really doing is taking 6 distinct drill spacing units and prosecuting them in 1 consistent row. So no big changes on well per section or completion design. This is all about concentrating activity to maximize efficiency.  So all those things Tom said, we're cutting down on mobs. We're parking frac crews where they can get the most pump hours per day. We're centralizing and co-mining facilities and infrastructure. When you bring all that together, all those efficiencies really add up. And so as we model this project, our dollar per foot is coming in about 8% lower than our current cohorts on average. So that's just the power of all that. What our Permian team is really doing is executing efficiencies on a grand scale coming to bear.
Thomas Jorden: I'll also add, we'll be bringing those wells online as we go. It's not a situation where we wait to bring 51 wells online when the last one is completed. We staged them online continuously as we're continuing to drill and complete.
Operator: Your next question is from Neal Dingmann of Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann: Scott, thanks for everything. It's been great working with you. My question first is on OFS cost, specifically. Could you guys just talk maybe, we hear a lot about cost deflation, OTCG and all those things. But I'm just wondering, Tom, maybe more or less how you all think about spot versus long-term contracts? I know you've in the past had some opinions. How you think about the 2? And is there a big pricing difference between the 2 today?
Thomas Jorden: Well, it depends on the particular item you're speaking of. We -- and it also depends on what you mean by long-term contract. If we have a program that we know we're going to execute even going out a year, what we'll typically do is look at what portion of that we're willing to lock in. So as you know, we really try to avoid long-term commitments because it limits our flexibility.  But for example, we'll look -- if we have 6 rigs running in the Permian, we may look at a downside commodity case and say, okay, we know for sure that we will have 3 rigs running. So we may have 3 of them on a 1-year contract and 3 of them on month-to-month. And so we really try to balance the value of the commitment against the value of the flexibility. But, Blake, do you want to say anything about that?
Blake Sirgo: I think you nailed it. It's all about the value proposition. Not a year ago, we were signing contracts to hopefully keep inflation from rising. Today, we're looking at contracts where we can see deflation if we entered into longer-term deals. And so we just have to balance those things, because they can reduce our flexibility, and that's what we are on the downside cases.
Neal Dingmann: No. Great color. And then if I could, just on the last one, maybe a little bit on what Michael was just asking you. Just on that 51-well pad, does seem like great opportunity. Anything you could say on just details around where that is and just how you'll tackle that one?
Thomas Jorden: Well, it's in Culberson County. It's in sort of the South Central Culberson County on the Eastern side. We call it the [indiscernible] row named after landowners out there, but it's in a great area. It's well defined. We've got a lot of calibration, good reservoir, good pressure, good oil. I mean it's ready to roll.
Operator: Your next question is from Derrick Whitfield of Stifel.
Derrick Whitfield: Congrats to both Scott and Shane as well. Tom, with regard to your Q2 production beat, you noted better-than-expected well performance in cycle times in your prepared remarks. Given the degree of your oil beat and the amount of times you've referenced well productivity in this call, could you speak to the new designs or landing zones tested more specifically, which contributed to better-than-expected well productivity?
Thomas Jorden: Well, I don't want to get specific on that. I will say that in the Wolfcamp, there's a mixture of sand and shale landing zones, and we've changed our thinking on how to best exploit those different landing zones. It's a combination of where we land our wells, how we space our wells, but also how we complete those wells? We've learned to do a little different completion, whether we're in a sand or shale. I think that we also have a perhaps slightly different viewpoint than some of our competitors on the impact of what, it's called cube drilling or some people call it tank drilling, and how to manage that. But really, it's a sum of a lot of innovations over time.  And I also want to credit our machine learning team. I know you -- a call doesn't go by or I don't say something about machine learning, but it's really been transformative and become a very, very trusted partner with our operations teams and project planning. And it's changed our thinking on some of the ways these parameters interact. Blake?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I would -- well spacing and frac design are a never-ending topic at Coterra. We debate them constantly, and we're -- we don't ever settle that the current design is the best. So you're seeing that across the portfolio this year.
Derrick Whitfield: And for my follow-up, regarding the 4 landing zones that you were referencing, Tom, just earlier in the Bone Spring, does your testing there this year have the potential to impact the relative allocation of capital in the Permian over the next 3 years if results are as you guys expect?
Thomas Jorden: I don't think it will impact the relative allocation. We have a lot of projects lined up that it will impact. I mean as we look out the next 3 years, I don't -- I think it will help us to optimize based on what we learn. We're continuously trying to optimize, but I don't think it would necessarily change our capital allocation.
Operator: Your next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Going to come back and hit some of the same, let's call it, capital efficiency, productivity questions that have been asked. But if you step back and look across, and you do have different collection of assets in some of the other companies in terms of being a pure play, you're looking at your productivity and efficiency, not so much where the gains have been, but where do you see the greatest opportunity going forward? Should we be focused on the Permian? Or is it continuing to be the Marcellus here?
Thomas Jorden: I think all 3 are right for increasing productivity. We're very pleased with our Anadarko Basin flowback. It's, again, surprising to the upside. Our Marcellus team has done a really, really nice job on a number of fronts. One is just optimizing our delineation, our slide deck updates, some numbers on our Upper Marcellus viewpoint, and we're seeing some encouraging results there. They're also doing a really nice job of just some operational improvements in field. There're a lot of challenges in the Marcellus that are unique to the Marcellus. And a lot of challenges are unique. I would say our operating teams across our platform are learning from one another and a lot of that operational optimization, but we really see opportunity everywhere we look.  Blake, do you want to add to that?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Just saying the Marcellus, our team has done a fantastic job focusing on lateral length. Over 50% of our program this year exceeds 10,000 feet. We actually have a couple of wells with total measured depth in excess of 25,000 feet. So pretty light sale performance that's really helping drive down our cost per foot. In the Permian, it's all about these wells per project, these bigger developments that take advantage of project size. Our average wells per project is up about 23% just over the last 2 years. We expect that to continue.
Roger Read: Okay. So fair to say scale is a big contributor in the Permian -- scale of any individual development or pad?
Blake Sirgo: Right. Our drilling and completion fee per day are up also. I mean our crews are hitting records on pumping hours per month. Our drilling fee per day is up 14% this year. But that's what we expect. That's what we do every year.
Roger Read: Okay. I appreciate that. And then follow-up question. I'm going to apologize for asking 2 parts within 1 question, but they go together, so role with me, if you would. The CapEx, looks like it's going to be above the midpoint for '23. It sounds like everything is pointing to lower in '24. I was just hoping you could give us a little -- a nugget here or there as to why we should have confidence that a potential outspend, even if only marginal in '23, doesn't carry through to '24?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I think that's why we gave Slide 12 to kind of give some color on deflation. When we built the budget, we were taking all the best information we had at the time and if that deflation had rolled through the entire cost structure, we feel very confident we'd be at the low end of the range, but it just hasn't materialized. We're seeing it on a few leading items, but not through the whole cost structure. So when we give the 5% going into '24, all that assumes is the gains we've got so far this year continue with nothing else.
Roger Read: Okay. And then could I ask one follow-up on the current deflation. What percentage is related to logistics or diesel costs or anything like that? Just noting that oil has gone back up to the mid-80s and fuel prices have followed to some extent.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I don't have that exact call out. I can tell you, it's not pretty much baked in dollar services.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin MacCurdy of Pickering Energy Partners.
Kevin MacCurdy: A question about the trajectory of OpEx this year. The first 2 quarters were at the higher end of guidance, and you didn't change your full year guidance. So that suggests the second half of the year would need to be at the lower end of the range. Kind of what are you seeing out there that gives you comfort on the second half OpEx, especially given the lower volumes outlook?
Blake Sirgo: Well, I'd say our LOE is down quarter-over-quarter. So that's the big one. We expect that to continue throughout the year. We've seen a little pressure in GP&T that's not unexpected. Most of our portfolio has CPIs that are capped, but we're hitting those caps this year. But we've modeled that out. And as you can see in our full cost, we're front loaded and expect to come in, in the middle of the range.
Shannon Young: Yes. I would say sort of on cash costs sort of as we highlighted for the quarter. In addition to LOE overall, we're down from $8.90 a BOE last quarter down to $8.27 BOE this quarter. So I think we feel like we're trending in the right area.
Kevin MacCurdy: Okay. And digging into the production guide a little bit. You mentioned that the 3-mile laterals were outperforming your expectations, and that you're seeing some improvement in cycle times. Just kind of curious how do you risk those 2 items when calculating your third quarter and fourth quarter guidance?
Thomas Jorden: Well, based on our experience with long laterals. I mean, long lateral performance is something that we're all still learning. As we went from 1-mile to 2-mile horizontal wells, we had to learn what the uplift from 1 to 2 is. It's depending on the reservoir, depending on the spacing, depending on the nature of the flow back. And although we have some experience with 3-mile laterals, we don't have broad experience in any 1 area. We've got a 3-mile project in several different areas, this one was in Reeves County, where the operating environment is so different. And just quite frankly, the well surprised the upside. I mean I wish I had some grand conclusion, but it just -- they flowed back a little stronger and with a little more uplift over a 2-mile than we had forecasted.
Operator: Your next question is from Leo Mariani of ROTH MKM.
Leo Mariani: I just wanted to stick with some of the line of questioning here on well productivity. You mean I think that the one that kind of stood out to me was the Marcellus in the second quarter. So material increase on the production 9%. Typically, I guess, I kind of think of the Marcellus as being sort of an older, more mature play, where there's probably not a tremendous amount of sort of tweaks and improvements that can sort of be had here. But it certainly looks like maybe that wasn't the case here in the second quarter.  And it didn't seem like there were some outsized number of wells that came online, just seems like some outsized production growth. So can you maybe give us a little bit more color around why the Marcellus was particularly strong in the second quarter?
Thomas Jorden: Well, I would say that our team is really hitting their stride. We have a fantastic operational team, both in the office and in the field when it comes to the Marcellus. The team has done a lot to manage and understand parent-child effects and really tailored our completions around that, tailor our well spacing. And they've really done a great job in revising our forecast methodology. And we're forecasting much more accurately.  And just really a big shout out to them across the board. They've got some great projects staged both this year and as we look ahead. And it's a mixture of Lower and Upper Marcellus, and they've just made tremendous strides in understanding spacing, understanding completion design, understanding how to manage well-to-well interference and flowing back prudently. I mean it's just -- it's almost everything coming together at once. They're doing a tremendous job.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's helpful. And just kind of turning to CapEx. You guys said you're probably going to end up being a couple of percent over the midpoint here in '23. As I kind of looked at the sort of accrual numbers, and maybe you're looking at the cash numbers as you're kind of getting to that, so maybe you could kind of let us know if that's kind of accrual versus cash. But I think in either case, it implies a pretty healthy downturn in fourth quarter CapEx, something maybe closer to the low 500s. So I just want to make sure I'm reading that right on the capital into 4Q. And are you guys kind of looking at sort of accrual or cash when you're talking about kind of where you think you're going to end up here in '23?
Shannon Young: Leo, Shane here. Yes, as it relates to 2023, and the guidance range for the accrual is $2 billion to $2.2 billion. And what we said is we think we're trending presently that 1% to 2% sort of above the midpoint within that range. So that's really in reference to the accrual number that's out there relative to the cash number. Obviously, the cash number is going to be impacted by timing around AP between the beginning of the period to the end of the period.  As it relates to your observation on the fourth quarter, look, you're absolutely right, maybe even a little lower than the numbers you were referencing at the midpoint when you look at it, and we feel good about that. We're letting go of some spot crews sort of as we get through the end of this quarter in both the Permian and the Anadarko, and that's what's really leading to the lower activity that leads to lower accrued CapEx.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Tom, you mentioned that you benefit from the 3 miles well in the second quarter. Could you give us an idea then how many of the 3-mile wells that you're going to drill for the next, say, 2- or 3-year program? And also in your Permian overall portfolio, what percent of your well could have the opportunity to be 3 miles? That's the first question.  The second question is talking about the larger pad, not just on pad that you expect to increase further. How you maybe manage between the better economy of scale with the larger pads, but also that maybe reducing visibility of the instant learning curve going back into the completion design and everything, given that it's larger pad size?
Thomas Jorden: Thank you for those questions. We don't have a tally of our 3-mile inventory. I will say it's going to be a small part of our program generally. A lot of our lands are already developed or parsed out for 2-mile wells. And so 3 miles are going to be the exception. Go forward, I think you might see a project or 2. Marcellus probably will have the most 3-mile wells of our program just because that Upper Marcellus is wide open, and we'll be taking advantage of that fully. But Permian is going to be a rare instance.  And then as far as your question on the larger project size and the loss of the ability to cycle learnings, if I understand your question properly, that's -- that is a 2-edge sword. It also will give us the opportunity to test a lot of things, because with a 51-well program you have a lot of opportunity for control and test. One of the things that is [indiscernible] in our space is if you have an individual small project and you march off and change some parameters, you don't always have that control experiment to compare it to.  So the 51-well project will have the opportunity to have several subtests within that to have good offset control and really normalize out some of the geologic and other attributes that can cloud your conclusions. So it's a good question. We think that we're ready for a project of this size, and we do really look forward to delivering outstanding results with it.
Operator: Your next question is from Noel Parks of Tuohy Brothers.
Noel Parks: I wondered if you could talk a bit about your thoughts on sort of the risk reward of infrastructure investment going forward from here? And I'm thinking in particular about this low we're in with gas prices, oil strengthening and that makes me think, of course, about the Permian and associated gas. And I thought there's somewhat mixed signals about how that might fare with the LNG uplift on the horizon. And so just between Marcellus addition and of course being in the Permian, just your thoughts on maybe what infrastructure priorities might look like heading into LNG?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. This is Blake. I'll take that one. Your first question around Waha. Waha has traditionally been pressured, but we've actually seen it open up quite a bit this year. That's with the new expansions coming online. Some of the forecast revisions coming out of the Permian, Waha is looking stronger. And there's plenty of good options there for -- to get Permian gas to LNG. We look at every single one of them. We just haven't found 1 that works for us yet.  Up in the Marcellus, we do have room to grow if we chose to. We know the pipes we can move the gas on. It might come with a little higher cost than we're seeing now, but that's factored into our economics.
Noel Parks: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. And I wonder, as far as what you're seeing in terms of some cost softening on the horizon, just wondering, are you seeing significant divergence sort of in vendor behavior from basin to basin? Are any of your basins are vendors looking sort of more anxious and more proactive about sort of working on price with you? Or is it fairly uniform?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. This is Blake. I think it's fairly uniform. I mean there's always nuances between basins, but rigs and crews have wheels. And if the arbitrage is big enough, they'll go to another basin. But, in general, we have great service partners we've been with a long time, and we work together through ups and downs.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Tom Jorden for closing remarks.
Thomas Jorden: Well, thank you, everyone, and I'd like to turn the call over to Scott for some closing remarks.
Scott Schroeder : Thank you, Tom. And thank you, everyone. It's been a tremendous ride. I'm extremely proud of what we put together here. Coterra is a great company and all of you and all the investors are in great hands. It's a unique organization. It was something that people didn't see coming, but I think 2 years into this, everybody is very happy internally, and I hope externally that it all came together. I've been tremendously blessed, and I thank all of you for your support and trust over the years and rest assured that you're in great hands with Shane and the entire Coterra team as you go forward. Again, thank you for everything.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-05 10:45:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions].  Thank you. Dan Guffey, Vice President, Finance Planning Analysis and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Dan Guffey: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining Coterra Energy's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, Chairman, CEO and President; and Scott Schroeder, Executive Vice President and CFO. Also on the call is Blake Sirgo, Senior Vice President of Operations. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session. As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation, both of which can be found on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Dan, and welcome to all of you who have joined us for our first quarter conference call. Coterra had an excellent first quarter. We delivered on all fronts, Production at the high end of our guidance, capital within our targeted front-loaded cadence and significant progress on our buyback. These results were driven by outstanding asset performance, a recurring trend you should expect from Coterra.  Oil production exceeded the high end of our guidance, driven by strong performance in our Permian, Wolfcamp and Harkey developments. Our Anadarko projects also continued to deliver above our expectations and set the stage for future activity increases. In particular, part of our production beat was driven by continued outperformance of the Anadarko Miller Trust project, which was brought online last year. The Anadarko is an underappreciated gem within a strong portfolio.  Finally, our Marcellus program outperformed in Q1 as we continue to develop a mix of lower and upper Marcellus targets. As we look ahead, we see continuing volatility in our underlying commodities. As of the close of business yesterday, 12-month NYMEX gas strip had fallen to $2.90 per Mcf. The 12-month WTI oil stood at $67 per barrel. Two quarters ago, we were looking at a 2023 oil strip of $83 and natural gas strip of $5.30. There are growing fears of a significant recession, which have been exacerbated by the ongoing banking challenges. Fortunately, we at Coterra have some experience with living through volatility and uncertainty. Our formula is simple, keep our debt low, strive for assets with a low cost of supply, stress test our investments with downside commodity price scenarios and make capital allocation decisions that optimize returns and preserve flexibility. Service costs appear to have crested and are trending modestly downward. Although we welcome service cost moderation, it does not substitute for our mandate to push forward with operational efficiencies, project architectures that maximize investment returns and the application of best-in-class technology to leverage our efforts for value creation. We focus on things that are within our control. We are on track with the three-year plan outlined in our Q1 release. In line with our initial plan, we will reduce activity in the Marcellus in the coming weeks and expect to remain at two rigs and one frac crew during the second half of the year.  If we were to hold this level of activity flat through 2025, future Marcellus CapEx would decrease significantly and yet hold our Northeast production flat, allowing us the option to redirect activity to the Permian and Anadarko. Both of these basins have opportunities at the ready that provide great returns. Furthermore, our Marcellus assets retained the flexibility to grow in the future should macro conditions and prices warrant increased investment. Looking forward, we retain maximum optionality to employ capital to its best use.  We also look forward to publishing our 2023 sustainability report later this year. We're making great progress in understanding methane monitoring, including the discrepancies between the various technologies available to the industry. Coterra is working with our vendors to improve the available technology, understand the limitations and choose the best solution for the problem in hand. With the varying environmental conditions between the Permian, Anadarko and Marcellus, we have learned that there is no single scalable solution that can be successfully deployed across our portfolio. Instead, we will rely on multiple technologies to detect, measure and reduce our methane emissions. Coterra will remain a leading company in innovative design and facility modification to reduce emissions. We also appreciate the collaboration with an outstanding set of competitor companies as we work together to solve this problem. This is an industry-wide challenge, and industry collaboration will be key to finding workable solutions our nation and the world depend upon. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott to walk us through the particulars of a great Q1.
Scott Schroeder: Thanks, Tom. Today, I will discuss our first quarter '23 results, shareholder returns and updates to guidance. During the first quarter, Coterra reported net income of $677 million, discretionary cash flow of $1.039 billion, accrued capital expenditures of $569 million and free cash flow of $556 million. Despite natural gas and oil prices falling 30% and 19%, respectively, versus 1Q '22, discretionary cash flow declined only 16% year-over-year.  This was driven by an increase of the company's oil and NGL production, which caused Coterra's liquids production miss to increase 3% year-over-year to 28%. The company expects greater than 55% of its 2023 revenue to come from oil and NGL sales. Also during the quarter, the company realized a cash hedge gain totaling $100 million versus $172 million loss in Q1 '22. First quarter total production volumes averaged 635 MBoe per day, with oil averaging 92.2 Mbo per day and natural gas volumes at 2.76 Bcf per day. Oil and BOE finished 2.5% and 1.6% above the high end of guidance, respectively, and natural gas hit the high end. The strong performance was driven by a combination of positive well productivity trends and improved cycle times. Turn-in lines during the quarter totaled 49 net wells above expectations. The incremental wells came online late in the quarter. First quarter accrued capital expenditures totaled $569 million, as I said before, but the cash capital expenditures only $483 million, consistent with expectations. Turning to return of capital. We announced a $0.20 per share base dividend and remain one of the highest-yielding base dividends in the industry. Management and the Board remain committed to responsibly increasing the base dividend on an annual cadence. During the first quarter, Coterra followed through on its return priorities by repurchasing 11 million shares or $268 million. In total, we returned 76% of free cash flow during the quarter. As we communicated in February, it is our intention to pursue strategic buybacks ahead of variable dividends. We have over $1.7 billion remaining on our $2 billion buyback authorization. We are reiterating our annual commitment to return 50% plus of free cash flow to shareholders. Lastly, I will discuss the refinements to our '23 guidance and activity outlook. We reiterated the company's capital estimate of $2.0 billion to $2.2 billion. While we are seeing clear signs of cost softening, we have yet to realize meaningful savings and therefore, have not built any future cost reductions into our forecast. We are increasing our full year oil guidance 1% to 87 to 93 Mbo per day, driven by efficient operations and strong well performance in both the Permian and Anadarko basins. The total company well turn-in lines are unchanged from our original guidance. In the Marcellus, as Tom has stated in his remarks, we are finishing up a development this month and then plan to drop one of our two frac crews and hold a single crew for the balance of the year. We also plan to drop from three rigs to two rigs this summer as planned earlier this year. In the Anadarko, a late '23 turn-in line was pushed into '24. This lowers our Anadarko turning lines to seven wells, down from our prior range of 10 to 15 wells. We now intend to maintain one to two rigs in the basin for the remainder of '23. In the Permian, we expect to continue to run six rigs for the remainder of the year and will pivot between 2 and 3 frac crews. Due to improved cycle times, we expect to bring on an additional five wells in the Permian during late '23, offsetting the lower turn-in lines in Anadarko. Turning to unit cost. The company's guidance remains unchanged at midpoint but there was some moving pieces primarily driven by reclassification between cost categories, which occurred after completing our integration into a single accounting system earlier this year. We also reiterate our 3-year outlook, which assumes the company achieves a 3-year oil CAGR of 5%, BOE and natural gas CAGR of 0% to 5%, which is achievable with capital and activity that is flat to down relative to '23. In summary, despite commodity headwinds, Coterra's outlook remains strong. Driven by continued strong execution, we are well positioned to meet or exceed our 2023 targets. With that, I will turn it back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning, Tom. Nice results from your team. I wanted to see if I could delve into your commentary around the potential activity in the Marcellus. You mentioned that your original plan was to go down to 2 rigs and 1 frac crew, but you also signaled that you may stay at this level for a certain amount of time, given -- macro. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of do you think you could hold your Marcellus production relatively flat at, call it, that 2.1 Bcf a day? And what would that mean for CapEx if you did go down to that level because I think this year's CapEx guides around $835 million at the midpoint?
Tom Jorden: Well, Arun, we -- you just kind of repeated what I've said. So I'll try to give a little bit of detail there. We -- what I said is if we were to stay at the 2 rig and 1 frac crew, that's not a plan. That's kind of a guide as to what would happen. We kind of -- as we look at the macro right now, we kind of like that and where it positions us. Our Marcellus team has done a really nice job of smoothing out their cadence and getting on to a regular program. So as we look ahead at that level of activity, we think we will be able to shave off significant capital in the Marcellus and have the opportunity to redeploy that elsewhere. We would hold our production flat or actually slightly grow within that range we've already telegraphed and it's really a nice place to be right now. Because strategically, what we'd like to do is keep that Marcellus production flattish and be ready to go when the gas macro improves. And that's exactly the position that our really great team in Pittsburgh has put us in So everything you said is true. I'm not sure what other color we can give. But one of the things we really like is the flexibility to pivot and we're maintaining that gas production. We don't want to see it decline. So it will indeed maintain if we were to hold those 2 rigs and 1 frac crew.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, Tom, I don't know if you could follow up just one question with how much lower CapEx would it be if you went to that program?
Tom Jorden: As we -- with current costs, we think a few out years would probably be a couple hundred million below what we're currently spending in the Marcellus.
Arun Jayaram: That's super helpful. The second question perhaps for you and Scott. Tom, you have been handily surpassing the 50-plus percent minimum cash return threshold to shareholders. You're at 76% this year. I was wondering if you could get some color on thoughts over the balance of the year. And I know that your framework -- under your framework, you like to keep around $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. You're essentially at that level at the end of March. So any thoughts on the ability to kind of sustain this, call it, mid-70s type of cash return over the balance of the year because you really don't have much debt due until a little bit into 2024, I believe?
Scott Schroeder: Yes. This is Scott. Great question. We worked -- everything you said is exactly correct. We did reaffirm the 50-plus percent. We're very comfortable with that. That affords us really, as we shared with our Board yesterday, the ability to be very opportunistic. When you go back and look at the report card for the last five quarters, including this first one this year, we have surpassed the 50-plus percent. It is a floor depending on market conditions and where we want to be and what the commodity strip is doing. We will -- it's an investment decision with all three pieces playing into it. Do we want to lean in more on the buyback? Do we want to hold cash for some other strategic opportunity? Or do we just want to kind of stay on path and just rely more on the base dividend. We have all that optionality. I'm sorry to come across as a little coy, but we're very comfortable with that framework, and we're set up tremendously for this year in terms of that optionality.
Tom Jorden: Arun, if I could just follow up on, I'll say this, Scott and his team have really been masterful in how they've executed our buyback, taking opportunities when the price dips. We're going to continue to be disciplined there. But the fact that we're reaffirming our 50-plus is not arbitrary. We really want to maintain flexibility in our balance sheet. And if we were to have a quarter in the future where we returned exactly 50%, we have nothing to apologize for. We want to be really clear with people that that's our intent, and that we think that there may be alternate uses of cash. It could be -- I hope it's a constructive buyback program. But if we don't think that's the right way to go, we're just not going to embark in an arm's -- of cash return. We just don't think that's in the best interest of the Coterra owner, and we have great opportunities within our portfolio, and we're fairly constructive on commodity pricing going forward. So we're right where we want to be.
Arun Jayaram: Sounds good. It does give you a lot of flexibility. Thanks a lot Tom.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Umang Choudhary from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Umang Choudhary: Hi, good morning. And thank you for taking my questions. My first question was just wanted to get your thoughts around the macro, both oil and gas. I mean definitely a lot of concerns around demand for oil and the pace at which it will effect supply to balance the markets in natural gas. And given these concerns, as you think through your program, one of the goals has been to maintain consistent activity to maximize efficiency. How do you -- what are the levers you can pull, right, to maximize your free cash flow outlook over the next three years?
Tom Jorden: Well, Umang, that's an excellent question. I think we've described it as the fact that we do have the optionality to liberate some capital out of our Marcellus program and redeploy it to more liquids-rich opportunities would be a pivot to maximize our cash flow in the next few years. We have historically not done a really good job of predicting commodity swings. And as I said in my opening remarks, six months ago, the situation looked entirely different. It's changed and yet now we're all highly confident that we know what the future looks like. And so having that flexibility really allows us to get up every morning and make good long-term business. We don't make those decisions based on the daily spot price. We make those decisions as we see macro trends. Right now, as we look forward, we are in the long run, highly constructive on gas. Over the next year, we're going to be cautious. That's why we want to maintain our gas production but not go nuts there. So we think our program does answer the question you've asked as far as maximizing our cash flow.
Umang Choudhary: Yes. That makes a lot of sense. And then I guess the follow-up on that would be the other way to ensure and manage risk would be around hedging. So any thoughts around oil and gas hedging over the next -- for the next one or two years?
Scott Schroeder: Yes. In terms of hedging, obviously, we haven't moved away from our strategy around organization and all the opportunities. We don't have to lean in on hedging. The last thing you want to do is lean in on hedging when prices are low. History will show that, that always kind of comes back to bite you. We're looking at a more calculated, more refined way. We're in the early stages of that. More to come on it. But right now, we don't feel the need to lean in, in either oil or gas to protect the downside. We're pretty comfortable with where we're at and we'll show some optimism on both products or, at least particularly on the gas side, going out farther. So we'll stay on path right now but we are open to looking at disconnects farther out of the curve. One dynamic that may -- you may see in place with the team we're working with is maybe we look a little further out than just the 12 months that we've been doing historically. And I think that behooves us to really open our minds to be more open-minded to how we hedge going forward.
Umang Choudhary: Thank you. Thank you for the color. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Unidentified Analyst : Hey, good morning guys. This is actually Kalei [ph] on for Doug. My first question is on inflation. So as the commodity has pulled back a bit, activity seems to be softening. What are you guys seeing on leading-edge pricing at the moment? And how are you guys positioned to respond to it?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Kalei, this is Blake. I'll take that one. We are seeing the softening across the whole market. It's been slight, but it's starting to pick up some steam. I'll start with OCT. We've seen pipe prices roll over. The way we order pipe that really won't impact us to Q3 or Q4 but we estimate that could impact our program $15 to $20 per foot if we realize all that. On the frac side, we talked about last time on how our contracts work for the year. We have quarterly renegotiation points and semiannual renegotiation points on our frac crews. We saw some very slight reductions from Q1 going into Q2, but it was a reduction. And right now, we're having the conversations to Q2 to Q3, and they're different conversations than we were having just a quarter ago. So we'll see how those progress. On the rig side, we're really in really good shape. Most of our long-term contracts are actually falling off within Q2. By the end of Q2, only 20% of our rig fleet will be under any type of long-term contract. We're seeing movement there. We are seeing some deflation. We're in discussion with all those folks right now. But we have really long-term service partners. Folks we've been through a lot of cycles with and their productive discussions. I think everyone understands the market we're in today is not the market we are in a year ago.
Unidentified Analyst : I guess to press a little bit, if you were to renegotiate some of those contracts, is that more of a benefit to the back half of '23's capital budget? Or is this more of a '24 consideration?
Blake Sirgo: I would think of it more as it would impact second half '23 and kind of set up a run rate going into '24.
Unidentified Analyst : Thank you. I appreciate that. My next question is on the revised oil guidance. You guys raised it by 1,000 barrels per day. And I guess I'm wondering if you can really call it with that much accuracy or the intention here is to send a signal. And if it is to send a signal, what are you trying to convey about the performance that you're seeing so far? Is it sort of continues at this pace, do you see further upside risk to guidance as we go through the year?
Tom Jorden: Kalei, this is -- I think it speaks for itself. We're seeing great performance on these projects. We are optimistic. We try to guide as we see it. But we don't sandbag but we're really seeing some surprises to the upside. And I think that we would love to see further surprises to the upside, but we really try to call it as we see it.
Unidentified Analyst : I guess if you raised the guidance, is it based on what you saw in 1Q continuing? Or is it sort of assuming that you get back to a more normal level? Or what does it say about the expectations for the balance of the year?
Tom Jorden: Well, it says that we're seeing increasing results that recalibrate our analysis. And as we look at the projects coming forward, we think that's appropriate recalibration. We learn along the way, and we love to learn on the upside. But you know what, every now and then, you go the other way. But right now, our oil assets are really, really performing well.
Unidentified Analyst : I appreciate those comments, Tom. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Scialla from Stephens. Your line is open.
Michael Scialla: Hi, good morning, everybody. Tom, you talked about being ready to grow your Marcellus production when the market signals you should. I want to get your view on constraints on pipelines or, I guess, Blake talked about the rig and crew situation softening, but any potential constraints on getting rigs or crews back when you decide to pivot back to growth mode?
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll tell you that and turn it over to Blake. We do have some available capacity to grow. It's not unlimited. It's not without boundaries. But over a few year time period, we've got a lot of availability on that market takeaway. Blake, why don't you...
Blake Sirgo: Yes, just to echo Tom, we do have options to grow our gas volumes there. There is the pipeline space. It might come with a little higher cost than our current differentials. So that would be something that would have to go into the discussion. As far as rig and fracs, you just got to stay ahead of it. It's not something we could knee jerk, but we could get the crews and rigs as long as we play out in time.
Michael Scialla: Appreciate that. And I wanted to ask on the Upper Marcellus. We've talked about delineations there. When you look at your 529 Upper Marcellus locations that you had in inventory at the end of the year, if the delineation works, I guess, what would be the impact on the number? Are you talking about potentially like doubling the inventory? Or is it modest increase? I'm just looking for some sense of what delineation could mean for the inventory?
Tom Jorden: No, that inventory is really with our current acreage footprint. We are back to leasing in the Marcellus and filling in that acreage footprint. And our team in Pittsburgh has done a really nice job of that. But that is with our current model of spacing, with our current acreage. So that's what -- that's the number.
Michael Scialla: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, all. Thanks for taking my question. First is on, I guess, an M&A-type question specifically. I'm just wondering could you discuss opportunities to sort of trade and block up your Delaware acreage specifically in New Mexico, where it looks like you have a little bit more scattered position there?
Tom Jorden: Well, New Mexico is a tough fair walk up. The ownership is like a quilt work patch. There are some assets on the market that we've looked at. But even at today's prices, it's being -- assets are marketed at full retail. And we're going to be very cautious on M&A. With our balance sheet and our organizational capacity, we would love to find a transaction that adds value to our owners and it increases our opportunity for operations. Quite frankly, a lot of the assets out there have peaked production. They've really drilled to increase production over the short run and have rather short inventory behind that. And that doesn't do much for us. We've also traded and done a lot of swaps to increase our ability to block up our drilling spacing units and have long laterals. So there's a lot of that type of activity. That's the benefit of us and the operators we trade with. But we look at everything. We're very active in that market, but we're going to be really cautious and preserve value for our shareholders.
Neal Dingmann: Yes. Like your strategic nature, Tom, it's always paid dividends. My second question, maybe just sticking with Del. Could you give me an idea of sort of -- I know you mentioned or you or Scott mentioned six rigs likely to continue active on the Del this year. Could you remind me kind of what area that will focus? And as a result, really any notable change in the GOR this year versus last?
Tom Jorden: No. That tends to move around depending on the nature of the program, where we're permitted. This year, looking ahead, we're heavily in reach. We're heavy in Culberson. Eddie is a lower share. Lake County is still very active. It's in our deck, our breakdown of where our activity is. But it does tend to ebb and flow. But you're probably going to see the majority of it on any given year and being ready for refurbishment, just because of there's say of Texas, the time line between project inception and moving dirt is pretty short, whereas you get into Mexico, you have state and federal permit constraints and it's just not as nimble, but it's going to ebb and flow.
Neal Dingmann: Very good. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum from TD Cowen. Your line is open. 
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, Tom and Scott. Thanks for your time today. I was curious -- I wanted to ask a bit -- I don't know if my eyes are just playing tricks on me, but when I look at presentations, are you including greater activity at this point for the Harkey zones? And I guess you didn't touch on that specifically I guess, with this presentation, but can you update us on how the Harkey performance is relative to sort of the other programs in Culberson? And how you're thinking about that zone? And perhaps the more challenged commodity environment today?
Tom Jorden: Well, we love the Harkey. I'll say the Harkey, like many, is highly variable. It's not a one size fits all. So around the basin, it's going to vary. But in a lot of our position, it's highly and competes very nicely with Wolfcamp. We've very active in the Harkey as you can look at our Slide 12. We've got a lot of Harkey in our program. I think we'll continue with that. And it depends on where you are. There's places where it's right on top of the Wolfcamp. There's places where it's a little lower than the Wolfcamp, but it's one of the best landing zones in the basin. I'll say that flat out.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate the color there. It doesn't sound like necessarily a composition has shifted from quarter-to-quarter, per se, though.
Tom Jorden: No, no.
David Deckelbaum: Okay. Shifting just to the Marcellus briefly, just to revisit lateral length progression over the next several years. The upper obviously, has a greater weight, I think, and I think you all said in the '23 program versus what you expect to do in '24, '25. Should we expect that future upper wells that are in the program in '24, '25 are still in that, call it, 11,500-foot range? Or how do you think about the average lateral length for the upper versus the lower in the next few years?
Tom Jorden: Well, the average lateral length in the upper is going to be on the longer end of that. The upper is fairly wide open. So I think you're looking at average lateral lengths, they're going to be 10,000 to 15,000 feet, probably closer to the lower end of that, depending on what our units look like. So a lot of the average lateral length of the Marcellus program is really a combination or a function of the upper versus lower mix. As we fill out the lower, we're going to have shorter lateral lengths because we're filling in islands that are undeveloped. Yes, hopefully, that answers your question.
David Deckelbaum: Yes, appreciate that. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Tom Jorden. I will now turn the call back over to you for some final closing remarks.
Tom Jorden: Thank you all for joining us. It's nice to generate and discuss great results. We've always been a team that likes to talk about results more than promises, and I look forward to continuing to talk about results as time marches on. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 10:56:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Dan Guffey, Vice President, Finance, Planning and Analysis and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Dan Guffey: Thank you, and good morning. Thank you for joining Coterra Energys fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Todays prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, Chairman, CEO and President; and Scott Schroeder, Executive Vice President and CFO. Also on the call, we have Blake Sirgo and Todd Roemer. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session.  As a reminder, on todays call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation, both of which can be found on our Web site. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Dan, and welcome to all of you who have joined us for our fourth quarter conference call. We're looking forward to a fruitful discussion on Coterra performance, outlook for 2023, three-year outlook and our tune up on our return of capital approach. We had an excellent fourth quarter and full year in 2022, driven by superior asset performance, good execution and some commodity price windage.  We finished the fourth quarter above the high end of our guidance on both oil and natural gas. This was made possible by the efforts we undertook during the year on weatherization. We experienced little downtime during the December winter storm events in the Permian, Anadarko and the Marcellus. This took careful planning, smart engineering, great field coordination and perseverance and a lot of grit on the part of our operational staff in all three regions.  The lack of significant downtime was also helped by collaboration between our Permian, Anadarko and Marcellus business units. We brought our teams together earlier in the fall to share experiences and best practices on weatherization, and it paid off. Kudos to our teams who kept us online and flowing during these challenging weather events. We also generated excellent financial results during the quarter and full year.  For the full year 2022, we generated almost $4 billion in free cash flow. We returned almost $2 billion in cash to our shareholders through dividends, bought back $1.25 billion of Coterra stock, and retired $874 million in long-term debt. We achieved almost all of our annual operational goals, including a continuation of our multi-year effort towards emission reductions.  Coterra maintains one of the lowest emission intensities in our space. This is also true if one separates our Permian assets, and looks at them in isolation. It's due to our continuing efforts towards tankless facility implementation, electrification, moving to centralized emergency flaring, and establishing a more aggressive inspection cadence than federal and state rules demand. Our entire organization is focused on these efforts. Our top tier results are a reflection of our commitment and focus.  We announced last night that our Board of Directors has authorized the $2 billion share buyback, which based on our current outlook can be executed over the next 18 to 24 months. We are pivoting our capital return priorities to favor buybacks over the variable dividend. This is now growth of intensive study and debate about the macro environment we find ourselves in, investor feedback and our viewpoint on a looming global supply demand imbalance.  We're not backing off our core pledge to return at least 50% of free cash flow to our owners in the form of our base dividend, buybacks and variable dividend. The world has changed, and we find it prudent to adjust our cash return tactics accordingly. Furthermore, we think that one of the best, most accretive opportunities in the acquisition market lies in Coterra at our current market valuation.  As a wise General once said to his troops, if you find that the map doesn't match the terrain, go with the terrain. In 2023, were going with the terrain. We also announced the three-year outlook with our release. Although this plan is not set in stone and reflects our current multi-year activity schedule, it's based on real ready-to-go locations, updated and calibrated type curves, and projects our current cost structure.  As Slide 6 in our investor deck shows, we have an active plan that generates an annual average 0% to 5% Boe and natural gas growth and an annual average of 5% oil growth by investing $2.0 billion to $2.1 billion per year in each of the next three years on average. 2023 is year one of this multi-year plan. Basically the 2023 plan that we announced last night sets up the three-year cadence nicely. Although production is anticipated to be relatively flat in 2023, we established a cadence that will have significant impact on 2024 and beyond. Furthermore, we have optionality. The 2023 capital plan of 2.0 billion to 2.2 billion has off ramps in the event conditions were to significantly degrade. We have balanced our program with some services under our annual contract, while others are on a quarter-to-quarter basis. This provides flexibility as we navigate through the year.  Our program is designed to be a guided missile, not a rifle shot. Coterra enjoys one of the industry's lowest costs of supply with our Marcellus gas assets. And at the current commodity strip, our projected returns on our 2023 Marcellus program are outstanding. We have the projects and market takeaway at the ready. However, if conditions worsen and we choose to retrench, we can pare back.  Our capital program is highly flexible depending upon commodity pricing and costs. This means that we can either significantly curtail total activity and capital or shift it from basin to basin as conditions warrant. We could pare back as much as 10% of our total capital this year, without impacting 2023. However, it would lower our growth trajectory in the out years. That said, we do not manage our program based upon daily spot prices. Our outlook for 2023 is both guarded and optimistic. We're guarded owing to a muddled outlook on inflation and the inevitable impact that weather has on our natural gas business. We're optimistic because at the current and projected oil and natural gas prices, our project returns are excellent.  Although they're not as robust as they were in 2022 owing to commodity downdrafts and the fact that we drilled some spectacular opportunities in 2022, our projected 2023 returns are excellent by historical standards. We have built a multi-year plan that invest through the cycles generates modest profitable growth, and checks the box for ability to withstand further commodity price erosion.  The ability to confidently invest in the cycles is one of the many benefits of having a fortress balance sheet and assets with a low cost of supply. The flexibility of our multi-year program allows us to control those elements within our control and adjust those elements outside of our control.  You'll also find a little more granularity on our asset inventory on Slide 7 in our investor deck. As always, these are real locations with defined calibrated targets and type curves. These locations will be drilled. I hope that you will draw the conclusion from this that we do. Although one needs to continually high grade inventory, Coterra is well positioned for more than 15 years ahead.  I would also like to draw your attention to our Anadarko inventory, which is significant and high quality. We are modestly increasing our activity in the Anadarko basin in 2023 in order to bring forward some outstanding projects. There are more like than waiting in the wings. The Anadarko has a significant role to play in Coterras future.  Finally, with this release, we have closed the books on our reserve revision issue. This was a necessary step to level set our evaluation across our portfolio. We finished in the middle of the fairway that we had to find in our Q3 release. As we had promised, there are no new surprises in our end of year numbers.  With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Schroeder: Thanks, Tom. Today, I will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2022 results, shareholder return strategy, and then finish with our '23 outlook. During the fourth quarter, Coterra reported net income of $1 billion, discretionary cash flow of $1.4 billion, accrued capital expenditures of $483 million and free cash flow of $892 million.  Fourth quarter total production volumes averaged 632 MBoe per day, with natural gas volumes averaging 2.78 Bcf per day and oil at 90.7 MBO per day. Oil finished 2% above the high end of guidance and natural gas hit the high end. The strong fourth quarter volume performance was driven by a combination of positive well productivity trends and improved cycle times.  Fourth quarter turn-in-lines totaled 46 net wells, in line with expectations. During the quarter, we returned 107% of free cash flow, which included $0.57 per share in cash dividend and $0.65 per share in the form of share repurchases. Share repurchases totaled $510 million in the quarter, marking the completion of our $1.25 billion program first announced in the first quarter of 2022. For the full year 2022, total production came in at the high end of guidance relative to our February '22 guidance. Oil came in 2% above the high end and natural gas came in 2% above the midpoint. Net wells online during the year were 3% below our original guidance. Accrued capital expenditures, which were 16% above original guidance, totaled $1.74 billion and were driven by significant service cost inflation.  During 2022, the company returned 85% of its free cash flow, 50% in the form of base and variable dividends and 35% in the form of share repurchases. In total, the company returned $3.2 billion to shareholders, or 18% of its recent market capitalization. After paying off 874 million on long-term notes during the year, Coterra finished the year with $673 million of cash and a net leverage ratio of 0.2x. The company has four manageable tranches of debt left with maturities ranging from 2024 to 2029.  Turning to return of capital. As many of you read in our release and we have alluded to already, we have multiple updates on the capital return front. First, we increased our annual base dividend 33% to $0.80 per share. This reinforces the confidence management has in our business and our ability to perform across the cycles. It also reinforces our commitment to providing consistent and meaningful annual dividend increases to our owners.  Next, after completing our $1.25 billion share repurchase authorization in '22, we announced a new $2 billion share repurchase program. Using current commodity prices, this authorization will not be fully executed in a single year, but the $2 billion is our commitment to the repurchase program and returning value to our shareholders.  Lastly, we updated our return on capital priorities. We are reiterating our commitment to returning 50% plus of free cash flow to shareholders. However, we are prioritizing share repurchases ahead of variable dividends. Due to market conditions and the value proposition we see in our business, we believe buybacks are the best vehicle to return value to shareholders. Expect Coterra to pay its base dividends, pursue strategic buybacks and supplement with variable dividends, if needed, to hit our minimum threshold.  Lastly, I will discuss the 2023 outlook. The company's 2023 capital is estimated to be $2.0 billion to $2.2 billion. This estimate includes approximately 10% cost inflation over the calendar year 2022 capital expenditures. Total full year '23 production on an equivalent unit of production basis is expected to be relatively flat to slightly down. Oil is expected to grow 2% and natural gas volumes are expected to modestly decline 1% year-over-year.  Rolling activity in 2023 is expected to be relatively consistent with five to six rigs in the Permian, two to three rigs in the Marcellus and two projects in the Anadarko. Frac activity will be up 31% year-over-year due to project and DUC timing. The company average lateral life is expected to increase approximately 10% year-over-year primarily due to longer laterals in our upper Marcellus program.  Since last summer, 2023 natural gas prices have fallen from a $6 annual average to a recent strip of $3. However, front month prices are near $2.16 and this is yet to be seen if the forward curve will hold. At the same time, service costs have not softened or adjusted. This dynamic has led Coterra to pursue a production maintenance plan in 2023 with anticipation of modest growth in our three-year plan.  The company has an industry leading balance sheet and low breakevens to maintain consistent activity through the cycle. To put this in context, the company's corporate breakeven, which we define as free cash flow after paying the base dividend, sits at $45 WTI and $2.25 Henry Hub. The capital split in 2023 is expected to be 49% in the Permian, 44% in the Marcellus with the remainder going to the Anadarko.  On the heels of positive results in the upper Marcellus in 2022, we are allocating 40% to 50% of our 2023 Marcellus program dollars to further delineate the upper interval. This is above the 30% to 40% range we discussed as a preliminary target in late '22. This range is likely to be the higher end of the range for the upper Marcellus versus the lower Marcellus split over the three-year period we laid out. Infrastructure timing, pipeline availability, and economics were all factors in increasing our allocation to the upper in 2023.  Cost guidance for 2023 assumes that dollar per BOE unit costs are flat to down across the board largely driven by lower commodity prices outlook. Lastly, the future of Coterra is bright. Based on the current service cost environment, we estimate that if a company invests 2.0 billion to 2.1 billion per year over the next three years, it will generate a compound annual growth rate of 0% to 5% for both Boe and natural gas and closer to 5% for oil. At current strip, this would generate accumulative free cash flow of approximately $7 billion or 35% of the current market cap.  In summary, our first full year at Coterra was stellar. We met our plan production, expenses and far exceeded revenues due to a small hedge book and robust pricing. For '23, the price dynamic is different but the engine of success is the same, focus on operational execution of our high quality inventory to generate strong returns and outsize shareholder returns.  With that, I'll turn it back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Please limit yourself to two questions. Your first question is from Nitin Kumar of Mizuho. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nitin Kumar: Good morning, Tom and team and thanks for taking our questions. Tom, I'd like to maybe unpack a little bit of your commentary around the 2023 capital budget. You said about 10% of that is really targeted towards growth with some off ramps. So should we expect if you were to be in a maintenance mode, is your capital about 1.9 billion or 1.8 billion? And how does that trend over time, particularly over the three-year period?
Tom Jorden: Nitin, Im going to let Blake handle that.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Thanks, Nitin. Our '23 budget number represents the three-year growth plan we've laid out, not a maintenance plan. If you look at Slide 6, you'll see we plan to spend 2 to 2.1 per year over the next three years. What that does for us is provide 0% to 5% Boe and gas growth on average annually and oil growth at 5% on average annually. That's something we're choosing to do, because we have a deep inventory of high return projects. But if we chose not to grow and go into maintenance mode, that would drop to 1.8 billion to 1.9 billion per year over that same three-year period at our current cost structure.
Nitin Kumar: Great. That's helpful. And then maybe this is for Scott, but we noticed the 90% of NYMEX realizations in the Marcellus which is pretty strong compared to your historical realizations. Could you maybe walk us through how that's coming about in 2023? And how sustainable that is going beyond?
Scott Schroeder: Actually, Nitin, Ill give that to Blake. Hes over our marketing group now.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Thanks, Nitin. There's a couple of things going on there. First, we've seen just a reduction in the total basis with the rundown in NYMEX. We've seen that across all our indexes, but it's also our portfolio. We have more contracts in '23 pointed at premium markets than we did in '22. We also have a good chunk of our portfolio that has floors under them. And at these lower prices, those floors come into play. So it's really just overall great work by our marketing team. It's a really good tailwind in the U.S. going into '23.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Umang Choudhary of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Umang Choudhary: Hi. Good morning. And thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to start off with your free cash flow allocation priorities. Would love your thoughts around allocation between share repurchase, your target of building $1 billion on cash on the balance sheet, and any thoughts around M&A?
Scott Schroeder: Sure. What we found in this past year is as we looked at, we set out to do about $1.5 billion in variable dividends. And watching how the market reacted to that is what gave us pause and we started researching. As we've talked internally, and in Tom's prepared remarks, actually tying into your M&A comment, right now and we said this a year ago right out of the blocks, one of the best investments is investing in ourselves because we think our assets are head and shoulders above everybody. And so leaning in on the buyback as that return of capital priority, but also increasing the base is what we have telegraphed over the years too that we're going to continue to do annual base dividend increases. So from an overall perspective, it was an easy adjustment still reaffirming. In terms of the $1 billion cash, that's a target for us to have. We had a couple of quarters when we were right at $1 billion. What took us below is the decision of getting to our debt level target of right around $2 billion. So we will balance building the cash balance back up to $1 billion with the buybacks meeting the 50%. Remember the stat I gave. We returned 83% of our free cash flow. So we far exceeded the 50% commitment last year.
Umang Choudhary: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then maybe to follow up on Nitins questions on flexibility of your capital program to changing macro conditions, what kind of flex do you have in your program over the next three years? And then any color you can provide on the recent cost trends will be helpful. Thank you.
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll handle the first part and Blake can talk about cost trends. We have tremendous flexibility. Our teams worked really hard at the latter half of last year building in flexibility. As you can recall, premium equipment was not available unless you were willing to sign a long-term contract. We had a lot of services that came off contract. And in order to keep them, we had to renew it. And we -- our operations team worked really hard to give us flexibility. So we have some services under annual contract and some that we have the option quarter-to-quarter. Now the longest term we have is an annual contract. So if you look out at the three-year program, we have tremendous flexibility. But the nice thing about sitting on top of Coterra's assets and our three business units is we can pivot rather nimbly depending on conditions. Right now, we like where we sit but we are going to look at it continuously during the course of the year.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. And on the cost trends, the 10% we're showing for '23 is really a reflection of those contracts we entered into in late '22. It sure feels like the market is starting to soften. There's less talk about price increases, or talk about costs holding flat. And if activity starts to drop across the lower 48, we'll be looking to claw some of those costs back.
Umang Choudhary: Very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning, Tom and team. I wanted to get maybe some more thoughts on the three-year kind of outlook that you provided. I know in 2023, the CapEx budget includes about 180 million for call it growth CapEx. And this year, you guys have provided an outlook for call it 168 net wells at the midpoint. Would that three-year outlook call for a similar, call it, wells tied to sales, or do you have increases baked in to deliver call it high-single digits oil growth in '24 and '25 based on this outlook?
Tom Jorden: Yes, Arun, I don't have the actual well count in front of me, but it's fairly flat level of activity is what we're projecting. So I think you could really see a level set in terms of the '23 activity going forward. But just an editorial comment, Arun. If there's one thing that many of us have learned is that in this shale era, this stop-start around commodity prices is really damaging to your cost control, the operational cadence. And quite frankly, I think as an industry, we've typically kind of gotten that exactly wrong in terms of when we invest and what we can track. So the nice thing about Coterra is because our assets have such robustness at low commodity prices, we can maintain more of a regular operational cadence. And that's what we're going to do. And that's a strategic pivot for us. It's why we put Coterra together. Now whether that operational cadence has our current rig count or a rig count less or a rig higher, we're going to try to maintain a steady cadence and not wake up every day with our hair on fire when we read the paper. We can afford to prosecute this business the way this business needs to be prosecuted.
Arun Jayaram: Great, Tom. And my follow up, your Delaware basin team had a good year in terms of well productivity, which you highlight in your deck. I wanted to get some thoughts. Well productivity has been a concern from the buy side, including from one of your partners in Culberson County who highlighted that on their call, but what are your thoughts on sustaining this level of well productivity in the Delaware on a go-forward basis? And how does the Harkey Shale kind of fit into that overall development scheme?
Tom Jorden: We do not see a change in our Delaware productivity. One of the big differences as I said in my opening remarks is in 2022 we just drilled a couple of absolutely lights-out outstanding projects. And I'm talking about projects with over 10 wells that average 1,000s of barrels a day. So those are you -- we dont have tons of those and we drilled a couple of them in '22 and that was part of that productivity in '22. But specifically to your question about well to well interference, when it comes to the Wolfcamp and Harkey, we generally see that as one petroleum system. And there will be some degree of pressure communication between the Wolfcamp and Harkey, depending on where you are in the basin. But we do not see that as a factor that degrades overall well productivity. We typically stage that development within reasonable proximity of time. But our thinking on that matter is that having the two landing zones does not interrupt or impede your overall recovery out of that drilling spacing unit. So we don't see that as a significant issue for the Wolfcamp, Harkey. And I think the big answer to your big question is, over that three-year landscape, we don't see significant change in our Delaware productivity.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot, Tom.
Operator: Your next question is from Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking our questions.
Tom Jorden: Hi, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Hi. Good morning. Our first question maybe a macro question kind of following up on Umang's question about capital allocation. So we realize it could be a moving target. But could you provide your view of mid cycle natural gas prices? We know that Coterra certainly isn't reactive to the price that we see on the screen, and you have good returns even at low prices that are stress tested. But now at what point do you really start to rethink capital allocation?
Tom Jorden: Well, look, mid cycle is kind of in the beholder. Everybody says the word mid cycle. And wed rather you didn't ask us what the number was. But you do and we'll answer it. Our current mid cycle is our walking around numbers, 275 natural gas and our assets are really, really robust 275 natural gas. But as we said, Jeanine, we have the ability to move it around. The nice thing about having both a deep oil and natural gas inventory is although we produce a lot of natural gas in the Delaware basin, it's kind of a byproduct. So it's not really a function of a gas price. But right now, our returns are pretty good across our portfolio.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you. And then maybe just following up to Aruns question on the three-year plan, oil is expected to grow at 5%, gas anywhere between 0% and 5%. There's certainly some nuance to the plan in the Marcellus this year with the upper Marcellus getting a bigger mix of the CapEx there. But what really determines in the three-year plan where gas kind of lands in that range, 0% to 5%? I think you addressed 2023 really well. We're thinking, for example, it seems like Marcellus productivity per foot is getting worse this year. But '24, '25 could be better. The range, is it primarily commodity driven? We're just trying to understand kind of the messaging on gas since the solid growth on oil seems to be pretty clear. Thank you.
Tom Jorden: Well, we are kind of in a shoulder period natural gas right now, outlook on natural gas. In 2024, we'll have LNG export come online. And so we are kind of in a wait and see mode on natural gas. We're long term very bullish because of the world's need for natural gas, and particularly the world's need for U.S. LNG exports. We're optimistic that that's becoming more and more apparent to more and more policymakers. And we remain ready to accelerate our natural gas assets. We're in the mid 40s on upper Marcellus this year on a total footage. And we've talked openly that the upper Marcellus doesn't have the productivity per foot of the lower Marcellus. That's something that's a fact of our assets; still outstanding, still very good and we're going to continue to develop it as we go.
Jeanine Wai: All right, great. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning. First of all, guys, I'd like to acknowledge your disclosure, the visibility you've given us in your portfolio last night. Well, I think your share price is saying it all. Thank you for that, because it really ticks a lot of boxes on inventory depth, cash breakevens, free cash flow capacity, basically allows the market to value your company. So thanks to whoever had the initiative to do that is brilliant. So thanks for that. That's my first just general comment. Ive got two questions [indiscernible] the information is never enough. So I guess like the first one would be on Slide 7. Can you give us some commodity benchmarks around your ranges just so we can bookend [ph] what's going on, on Slide 7 on the inventory? Thats my first one?
Tom Jorden: When you say commodity benchmarks --
Doug Leggate: The inventory ranges you've given, Tom, are --
Tom Jorden: Yes, I've got that in front of me, Doug. We have quite a bit of robustness in our inventory. And we typically run our inventory at multiple price files. I'm looking at a permutation in front of me that's run at $60 oil and $3 gas long term, and $85 oil and $4.25 gas long term. Now I will say when we go to $3 or less, we do assume some reduction in capital. And currently, we say, all right, if we're going to say $60 oil, $3 gas, we're going to take 70% of current capital expenditures. But the $85, $4.25 is at current costs. And so depending on where you want to cut it off, if I say, all right, how much of that hurdles at a 1.25 PVI10, which I think is a reasonable long-term inventory cut off, we've been using 1.5 in one of our disclosure, but I'm going to give you 1.25. At $60 and $3, 75% of our total inventory would hurdle at a 1.25 PVI10. And at $85 and $4.25, 91% of our inventory would hurdle at a 1.25 PVI10. And again, at $85, $4.25, that is the current cost. So we have a fair amount of downside protection on this inventory.
Doug Leggate: Great color. Thanks, Tom. I appreciate that. I guess my follow up is I really just wanted to ask you -- just the slight change in messaging over share buybacks, I think you all know our view on variable dividends for a depleting business with a finite [indiscernible]. I won't get on my tool box [ph], but it seems that you guys are pivoting to recognize that there probably is some value in your stock here. So can you walk us through the investor feedback that you I think is how you described part of your decision to make that shift? And Ill leave it there. Thanks.
Tom Jorden: Well, Doug, we've heard very mixed signals out of our investor base. Some people want us to do A and some people want us to do B. We've also looked at the market response to the variable dividend and I think that's a strong signal as to what the market is looking for. And then we listen to our critics, and we think about it and we really do have an honest attempt to get better and adopt the best approach. And we think that long term, buyback not only is the best acquisition opportunity in the market when we look at Coterra stock, but it's also highly accretive to our long-term owners, and that kind of checks two boxes. And so I won't tell you it was a casual decision to readjust our priorities. But we're very, very confident that in 2023, it's the right decision.
Doug Leggate: Again, I appreciate the color, guys. Thanks very much indeed. And congrats on all your new disclosure.
Tom Jorden: Thanks, Doug.
Operator: Your next question is from David Deckelbaum of Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, Tom and Scott. Thanks for taking my questions today.
Tom Jorden: Hi, David.
David Deckelbaum: Hello. If I could just dive into the upper Marcellus a little bit just from my -- to better my understanding here. This year, it sounds like the mix is going to be higher relative to the overall upper versus lower mix in the next several years. So I guess I'm curious, based on the wells that you have in the plan now in the upper, how much of the sort of resource do you think that you're going to be derisking this year relative to what you have sort of envisioned overall? And then how many of those locations are going to be in areas where the lower Marcellus has already been depleted?
Tom Jorden: Well, I don't have the answer at my fingertips as far as what we're going to derisk. We are trying to space our upper Marcellus pads around our asset, and we're developing a very good appreciation of how much of it will ultimately be developed. I will say that our viewpoint on that hasn't changed based on everything we've done and collected. There's a lot of drilling in the upper Marcellus. What we're really experimenting with now is longer lateral length, well spacing, different completion designs and how it will behave when we put wells side-by-side. Thus far, we've had great feedback and it's not changed our viewpoint of the asset. And as far as the upper-lower mix in future years, that's governed by a lot of things. We still have a fair amount of lower left and we'll be pivoting back to it. That's more a function of our infrastructure availability, and we're trying to manage that so that we keep our line pressures reasonable and we don't overdrive the system.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks, Tom. And I guess my follow up to that is just as you look to that ramp of 100 million a day or so in the next couple of years, I suppose that assumes sort of similar activities in the Marcellus. So is that just reflecting a quality mix between having more of the lower and perhaps just better infrastructure availability?
Tom Jorden: Yes, I'm not following your 100 million a day, David?
David Deckelbaum: Sorry. I thought that I saw in your presentation that the implication was that you would get, call it, from 3.8 to 3.9 [ph].
Tom Jorden: Yes, I see what you're saying. No, that's -- look, we would love to get our natural gas back on our growth profile and that's just now come of our three-year plan. It's just an outcome of the projects we're drilling, the staging of the completions and what we think it will deliver. It's also a function that the modest extra investments we're putting in the ground this year really do pay off in the next two years. So some of that's just fruits of seeds we're planting this year.
David Deckelbaum: All right. Best of luck with the garden. Thanks, Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Derrick Whitfield of Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Derrick Whitfield: Good morning, Tom and team and congrats on a strong year end.
Tom Jorden: Thank you.
Derrick Whitfield: For my first question, I wanted to focus on your 2023 capital program. If we were to assume a flat commodity price environment, how would you expect service cost to change across your operating areas? And then more broadly, where are you seeing the greatest headwinds and tailwinds from a service cost component perspective?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Derrick, this is Blake. I'll take that one. It's hard to pin a service cost to a commodity price. It's really ultimately a function of activity and how much services are available on the market. We're seeing some softening. I'm happy to say we've seen a little bit in rig rates here recently, and that's a good sign. We've seen a softening in casing, our OCTG going out three to six months. We're starting to see some price coming down, and that's a good sign. But ultimately, it's going to be a function of activity across the lower 48. All rigs and crews have wheels and they will travel. So we'll see where activity goes.
Derrick Whitfield: Terrific. As for my follow up, maybe shifting over to the Anadarko. Your well results on Slide 17 and 18 seemingly beg for higher capital, particularly in the updip part of the play. Could you perhaps speak to the updates you've integrated in your design and spacing at Leota/Clark?
Tom Jorden: Yes. Specifically, Leota/Clark was an outgrowth of a lot of work we've done over the years. We did space those wells a little further apart. One of the things we also learned is to put our wells a little further away from parent wells, and very, very pleased with the results. As we look ahead in our three-year plan, the Anadarko has a few very, very nice projects this year, and then we take a little pause and then we start up January 1 of '24 with additional activity. But as you look at that inventory slide, these are high quality locations really begging for more capital, quite frankly. And the team is making it really hard for us. And as we asked them to do, they've come forward with some really, really nice projects in inventory. And we're just in the progress of trying to manage and embarrass from the riches.
Derrick Whitfield: Terrific. Thanks for your time and color.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Portillo of TPH. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Portillo: Good morning, all.
Tom Jorden: Hi, Matt.
Matt Portillo: Just to tease out on kind of a consistent thread here, Tom. There's obviously a lot of interest from the broader market and gas capital allocation. So I just wanted to circle back around to that. You mentioned the mid-cycle price on gas of 2.75. If that plays out, could you just give us a little bit of color on how you think about Marcellus capital allocation heading into 2024? And the reason we ask is we know you're very return focused. And even at a 3.50 deck, the Permian still has better overall returns relative to the Marcellus based on your slides. So just curious if there's some flexibility in the program once you get through your service contracts, where the Marcellus may receive a little bit of -- a little less capital in 2024 if that 2.75 mid cycle price plays out?
Tom Jorden: Well, if 2.75 were the price, I think that's probably something we'd look at seriously. Our current plan has fairly flat level of activity in the Marcellus and our intention is to solider on. But if we look very carefully at the oil/gas ratio and the return differential, and we're going to pivot and try to find the best returns within our portfolio. The oil/gas ratio last year was 10 to 1. It's currently 30 to 1. And we talked about mid cycle pricing. That mid cycle ratio is really what we're looking at. And we don't want to react -- we don't want to kneejerk near term. We've got the wherewithal to be patient on this.
Matt Portillo: That makes sense. And then just a follow up to the Marcellus. I know you guys have talked about the frac barrier and the ability to develop zones without co-development here. Could you just give us maybe a little bit of color on the program for the upper Marcellus? I know you've talked about 40% for this year. But in the three-year outlook, how should we be thinking about the percentage at a high level of the upper Marcellus wells in that program in '24 and '25?
Tom Jorden: Yes, in that three-year plan, the upper Marcellus is the highest percentage this year that we're currently projecting over the next three years. But in the out years, '24 and '25 and our current plan is the upper Marcellus is going to be about 30% to 40% of our total program. And I will just reaffirm we stand by our statement that that frac barrier is indeed a hydraulic isolation between the two units, which does give us the luxury to stage the development in the most prudent way.
Matt Portillo: Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question is from Neal Dingmann of Truist Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. My first question, Tom, for you again is just on your Permian project size. And specifically, I was looking at that slide it looks like now. What would you consider or would you consider kind of the 8 to 10 well pads now as the most optimal and was wondering does that increase due to sort of just overall cost out there efficiencies or what has driven these larger project development?
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll chime in and then Blake will come in as well. That 8 to 10 well project size, we didn't come up with that through some deep thinking. It kind of just happened operationally as we look at cycle times. We look at facility design that seemed to be what looked to work. The Delaware is a little different beast than a lot of other basins you'll look at. We have a single pad in the Delaware that we're flowing back -- that is flowing back in excess of 200,000 barrels of water a day, a single project. And so pad design in the Delaware is a function of a lot of things, one of which is infrastructure.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, I'll just tack on. Really the wells per pad is an outcome of always looking for efficiency. That's really what we're constantly looking for on the cost side. The more wells per pad we get, the more combing we can do. It just drops our per well cost, our dollar per foot cost. Our teams have got really creative. We have pads now that have wells going to the North and wells going to the South. We come back, as Tom said, after those 200,000 barrels declines and we added new zones and plug those into the same facilities. Probably our biggest limit is just kick-outs on drilling, and there's a cost associated with that. And that's really what we measure when we determine how many wells are we going to squeeze on one pad.
Tom Jorden: Neal, I want to correct myself that projects and pads or one pad is producing 100,000 barrels a day. I said -- I was talking about project. One pad is producing 100,000 barrels a water a day.
Neal Dingmann: Either way, that's big. That's great clarification. That's great.
Tom Jorden: In Marcellus, we produced 5,000 barrels a day in the whole field.
Neal Dingmann: All right. And then my second question is on your Marcellus delineation plan specifically. I saw in the release you all mentioned about 40% of the Marcellus plan is delineation in nature. Is this plan going to cover most of the broader position, or are there some key areas that you're delineating? And then I know you're not going to give '24 guide, I'm not looking for that, but will that delineation continue to that percent as well into next year as well?
Blake Sirgo: This year, we do have a pretty good delineation across the field that we're testing upper Marcellus in. Really it's a function of takeaway and infrastructure too. We're careful where we bring that on. And you'll kind of see that theme in the upper as we go forward where we put those locations, similar to the lower, how we've done in the past. Infrastructure is a real guiding light there.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Neal, I'm looking at the map right now of our upper Marcellus projects, it's a pretty good scattershot over our acreage. So I think you'll all be pleased with our delineation. I also want to remind everybody that infrastructure is important in these plans, and we'll have a new compressor station opening here in the next year or two in the Marcellus, and that's always an opportunity for further extension.
Neal Dingmann: Thats a great answer. I look forward to hearing all the details. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin MacCurdy of Pickering Energy Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kevin MacCurdy: Hi. Good morning. I was wondering if you could give some color on how you plan to execute the share buybacks. Will there be a set amount that you do each quarter based on your free cash flow, or are you going to be more opportunistic based on your internal NAV?
Scott Schroeder: Were going to, obviously based on, like you said, the internal evaluations do, but we're going to continue to -- just like we did with the last one, be more -- focus more on the opportunistic, look at the marketplace, where we're trading versus our perception of where we should be trading. Again, we do have a commitment, but we're not going to become programmatic in doing it. So it will still be more opportunistic than anything else.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. And then just, if I can, a question on the multi-year outlook. What would you say is the main driver of the increased oil production? Obviously, you're going to put on more wells, but are there any changes in productivity, drilling in more productive areas or higher working interest areas that are contributing to that impressive growth?
Tom Jorden: Well, a huge driver is the extra capital we're putting in this year. We're setting some things up for next year that we're quite excited about. But look, we love our Delaware assets. We love all of our assets. And because of oil prices, it just makes sense to put that little extra effort forward this year and reap the rewards.
Kevin MacCurdy: Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question is from Leo Mariani of Roth/MKM. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Leo Mariani: Hi, guys. I just wanted to ask a little bit about the CapEx outlook here. So you guys are talking about 2 billion to 2.2 billion this year in terms of the range. I was hoping to get a little bit of color around in terms of what puts you at the higher end versus the lower end. I'm assuming it might just be service costs. And then as I look at the three-year outlook, you guys are expecting that to come in slightly to kind of more 2.0 billion to 2.1 billion in the next couple of years. So just wanted to get a sense of why that's coming down a little bit. Is there any expectation that service costs might come in? Obviously, you talked about some of the trends maybe starting to look favorable.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Leo, this is Blake. I'll take that one. The '23 program is all modeled at current costs and that would put us maybe just a little north of the midpoint, not assuming any deflation right now. So we'll see where that goes. The 2 billion to 2.1 billion going out in the next three years, it's really more a function of the project selection and the asset mix that comes in and comes out. Some parts of the assets have higher dollar per foot, some have lower, and that's just coming in and out throughout that three-year program.
Leo Mariani: Okay, that's helpful. And then just wanted to follow up on some of the comments you guys made about the variable dividend versus the buyback. Just wanted to get a sense, I know you guys are going to continuously monitor this, but can we have an outcome this year where we get very, very little variable dividend and the buyback increases rather significantly versus kind of where it had been in the second half of 2022. Obviously, the stock while it's doing well today has come in quite a bit off the highs from last year or so. Just trying to get a sense if you guys are really going to kind of lean pretty hard on the buyback this year and do kind of very little on the variable dividend depending on how things play out?
Blake Sirgo: Leo, I think that's a good assumption. The priority that we said is the base first, buyback second and then fill in, if needed, with the variable dividend. So to the core of your question, we're focused particularly -- as we agree with you, our stock has come in quite a bit and we see a great opportunity in that. So if you press me today, I would say your answer is -- the direction you're going is correct.
Leo Mariani: Okay. I appreciate it, guys. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hi. Good morning.
Tom Jorden: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Two questions, please. One question is going back into the buyback and fixed dividend. Let's assume that later this year that you already raised your cash balance to $1 billion. And at that point, should we assume that the excess cash will be essentially both for the shareholder return. And that means that if you end up that going to be above 50% or that even which that level that you may want to further strengthen your balance sheet. So trying to understand that once you reach that level, what kind of distribution that we should assume? Secondly, Tom, can you talk about -- you have a pretty huge inventory backlog already. So bolt-on acquisition is something that you guys think is attractive or that is important for you over the next couple of years or that you would be still focusing on your existing assets? Thank you.
Blake Sirgo: Paul, I'll take the first part. It's not that clear of a formula. As you watched us through this year, again, our minimum commitment was 50% plus. As we just highlighted, we returned 83%. So there's not a magic point that we get $1 billion in cash and then all of a sudden we start going. The $1 billion in cash is a target. The 50% plus of cash flow is a rule, so to speak, and then we have flexibility around how we deliver that and how much more we want to deliver based on market conditions. So you can't pinpoint to something that once we get to this point, we're going to start doing this. We have all those options on the table, and we'll continue to use all those options. But the priorities right now is the 50% plus base dividend and buyback first, and we'd like to get our cash balance up because what the cash balance does, being a little bit higher, affords us flexibility in the question that you're asking, Tom.
Tom Jorden: And I'll take that question. Inventory is always an important issue. As I've said in the past, having a long inventory really gives you the opportunity to run your program with only solid financial and operational considerations and not be panicked about some kind of a runway that's short. We have a very deep inventory, and we have the luxury of being able to run our program based on the best financial returns. That said, we're a learning organization and we're constantly looking for opportunities. We would love to find bolt-ons that we could handle our operational teams. We're very proud of our operational teams and their ability to integrate, operate smartly and really bring a hidden value forward. We're going to constantly look. But M&A is a perilous territory. When you typically want to have some advantage, that advantage can be information advantage, it can be operational advantage, it could be geographic advantage. But we're probably not going to be showing up to auctions and trying to outbid people that have the same information we do. So we'll be opportunistic, but we're blessed with the luxury of not having to do something, and that's a nice place to be.
Operator: Your next question is from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Tom and Scott. Thanks for fitting me in. I just have one more question on the buyback. And I know you guys have covered a lot of territory on it, but I think it's an important shift. And Scott, I know this is a conversation that you engage in for a long time. But the sense I get is that in the current environment, you guys are tilted hard towards the buyback, and I think you've been clear on that. My question is about whether you guys view this pivot as a durable pivot across time and also across price. And if you are thinking about it as a durable pivot, maybe you can share kind of up to what price you view it as being durable?
Scott Schroeder: Well, Charles, that's a nice try. I won't give [indiscernible]. But I think it's fair to say it is more durable because you see the technical term, the stickiness of buybacks, because it has a lasting impact over all cycles and well into your future. I'd be lying if I didn't say I'd run the math in my head based on the average of what I bought in last year. If I had used that variable dividend money, what would my shares outstanding be? And that number kind of intrigues me. Now can't undo what we did last year. So I think where you're leaning is I view this as more durable because it is I think the best long-term solution. Now there will be points and disconnects in the market where it may not make sense. But I'd love to have that challenge where the whole perception is the market -- the stock got ahead of itself. We're a long ways away from that.
Tom Jorden: But we are also going to make the best decision quarter-by-quarter and be prepared to pivot. We're not making some wholly pledge for all time. What we're saying is we're reaffirming our commitment to return cash to our owners and we think there's a better way to do it in 2023, and we're very confident with our move this morning.
Charles Meade: Got it, Tom. And Scott, that's good for me. Thank you.
Operator: We have completed the allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call over to Tom Jorden for closing remarks.
Tom Jorden: Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to executing, showing you that we're doing what we believe, and we're going to deliver what we promise. So thank you all very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Dan Guffey, Vice President, Finance, Planning and Analysis and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Dan Guffey: Thanks, Cheryl, and good morning. Thank you for joining Coterra Energys third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Todays prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, CEO and President; and Scott Schroeder, Executive Vice President and CFO. Also on the call, we have Blake Sirgo and Todd Roemer. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during our Q&A session. As a reminder, on todays call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation, both of which can be found on our website. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Dan, and thank you all for joining us today for our third quarter 2022 recap. At third quarter end, Coterra completed our first full year as a new company. Weve made remarkable progress and have established a consistent operating rhythm, a spirit of collaboration and teamwork, our commitment to excellence and a common economic language throughout the company. Weve developed new methodologies, learn from one another and are building a culture of technical excellence, capital discipline, transparency and open and productive debate. We are deeply proud of the organization and the progress weve made. It all starts in the field, 100% of our assets are in the field, and the top-notch field staff is foundational to an excellent operating company. I want to give a shout out and a big thank you to our field personnel whose perseverance in hostile environments inspires us all. During the past week, I visited Coterra field offices in Susquehanna, Pennsylvania, Carlsbad, New Mexico and Oklahoma. It is impossible to spend time in these offices without coming home fired up by the commitment that our field team has to the company and to one another. Their passion for excellence, safety and environmental stewardship reflects the heartbeat of Coterra. We had a great third quarter. As we announced last night, we reported total production on a BOE basis that was above the high end of our guidance. More importantly, we had excellent economic returns in all three operating basins. Our Permian, Marcellus and Anadarko business units all posted outstanding economic returns in spite of inflationary headwinds. We reported earnings of $1.51 per share. We declared a fixed plus variable dividend of $0.68 per share, which was an increase over the second quarter. We continue to execute on our buyback with approximately 60% of the authorization now complete, and we retired $874 million of long-term debt. All in, we returned a total of $1 per share during the third quarter in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We have now executed on our return promises for a full year and look forward to making this behavior routine. We are hard at work planning our 2023 capital program. All three of our business units have fielded options that allow us to continue to generate top-tier returns while maintaining flexibility. Although we will not be announcing specifics of our 2023 capital program until our fourth quarter update, we are working on plans that preserve the flexibility to accelerate or decelerate as conditions warrant. We will accomplish this with a mix of rigs and frac crews under both long-term contracts and short-term agreements. Although were optimistic about 2023 and beyond, were not good at predicting commodity prices or inflation, and we will be prepared to adapt to changing conditions up or down. As I have said, flexibility is the coin of the realm in the commodity business. A few words about inflation. We currently project total well costs in 2023 increasing 10% to 20% on a dollar per foot basis year-over-year. Individual line items, which include rig rates, frac crews, sand, tubulars, fuel and labor may exceed these ranges, but our predicted total well costs are a function of our particular timing and particular efficiencies. Although we will continue to fight inflation with efficiencies, longer laterals and optimal pad designs, we do not have a silver bullet here. We are market takers. The good news is that once we arrive at a total capital number for 2023, we have the asset quality to generate excellent returns in spite of these inflationary headwinds. You will also note that we disclosed some recent flowback data from a nine-well Marcellus development, seven Upper Marcellus wells and two Lower Marcellus wells. This project also contains 3 fully bound infill wells drilled at an 800-foot well spacing allowing us the opportunity to study well-to-well interference. We also studied communication between the Upper and the Lower Marcellus. There were 11 existing Lower Marcellus wells underlying this project and offsetting the new Upper Marcellus wells. Those wells have tuned a total of 127 Bcf coming online between 2012 and 2019. So that was pre-existing production in the Lower Marcellus under these new Upper Marcellus wells. Were pleased to announce that we see little to no communication between the Upper and Lower Marcellus wells, confirming our thesis that the Purcell limestone that separates them serves as an effective frac barrier. This will be very important to our future development of the Upper Marcellus. Plus owing to the lower dollar per foot cost of the Upper Marcellus wells, the economic returns of the Lower and Upper Marcellus were comparable at a flat $4.25 NYMEX gas price. We will continue to delineate the Upper Marcellus and seek to enhance further capital efficiencies by optimizing spacing and completion parameters. We are very encouraged with the economic learnings from this important test. Finally, let me comment on the Marcellus reserve revision that we discussed in our release. This was a culmination of bringing the teams together from both legacy companies, establishing technical consistency and applying learnings from across Coterras three basins. These expected revisions are spread over the 50-year life of producing wells. For new wells, the difference between our revised forecast parameters and the original forecast parameters have minor differences within the first five years of production, when 80% of the net present value of a new well is captured. Furthermore, these expected revisions will have no material impact on our near-term cash flow, capital allocation or ability to deliver on the return of capital promises that we have made. I also want to highlight that last night we released our first Coterra sustainability report, which can be found on our website. We hope that you will find it to be readable, crisp and factual. It reflects our commitment to be the very best and to communicate with authenticity and integrity. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott, who will recap a great quarter.
Scott Schroeder: Thanks, Tom. Today, I will briefly touch on third quarter 2022 results, shareholder returns and then finish with updated guidance. During the quarter, Coterra generated discretionary cash flow of $1.5 billion, which was up 2% quarter-over-quarter, driven by strong operational execution and robust natural gas prices. Accrued third quarter capital expenditures totaled $456 million, down 3% sequentially. Coterras free cash flow totaled $1.1 billion for the quarter, which included cash hedge losses totaling $259 million. The third quarter 2022 total production volumes averaged 641 MBoe per day, with natural gas volumes averaging 2.81 Bcf per day. BOE and natural gas production were above the high end of guidance. Oil volumes averaged 87.9 MBO per day above the midpoint of expectations. The strong third quarter 2022 volume performance was driven by a combination of accelerated cycle times, positive well productivity and the result of being in ethane recovery for the majority of the quarter. Third quarter turn-in lines totaled 46 net wells in line with expectations. During the third quarter, the company retired a total of $830 million of long-term notes, which is a combination of the previously announced $124 million of private notes and $706 million of 2024 public notes. After the quarter closed, the company retired the remaining portion of the 24 notes, which totaled an incremental $44 million. The company exited the quarter with $778 million of cash, a net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDAX leverage ratio of 0.2x and liquidity standing at $2.3 billion. Weve been clear about our desire to reduce absolute debt levels and the third quarter actions achieved our targeted level. Turning to return of capital. October 1, 2022, as Tom said, was the one-year anniversary of Coterra. If you recall on the merger date, we guided that Coterra had the potential to generate $4.7 billion in cumulative free cash flow for the period of 2022 through 2024 at mid-cycle prices. Driven by strong operational performance and higher commodity prices, Coterra is expected to generate close to $4 billion in free cash flow in 2022 alone. Since our formation and including yesterdays announced dividends, the company will have returned $4.3 billion to shareholders or 18% of our current market cap in its first 14 months. This includes $2.6 billion in cash dividends made up of $583 million in base dividends, $407 million in special dividend upon the transaction being closed and $1.7 billion in variable dividends, also included in that number is $740 million in share repurchases and $874 million in debt repayment. We will continue to follow through on our commitment to a disciplined capital allocation and return strategy. For the most recent quarter, we announced shareholder returns totaling 74% of the third quarter 2022 free cash flow or 44% of cash flow from operations. The return of capital is being delivered through three methods. First, we maintained our $0.15 per share common dividend, which remains one of the largest base dividend yields in the industry. Second, we announced a variable dividend of $0.53 per share combined with our base plus variable dividends that totaled $0.68 per share, up from $0.65 per share paid in the second quarter. And our total cash dividend is equal to 50% of free cash flow as is our continuing commitment. Third, during the third quarter, we repurchased $253 million of common stock or 9.3 million shares at an average price of $27.03. The buyback amounted to $0.32 per share or 24% of our free cash flow. Just over seven months since announcing our $1.2 billion buyback authorization, we have repurchased 28 million shares for $740 million, utilizing 59% of our authorization. We previously discussed our intention to execute the full authorization within a year and remain on track. Lastly, I will discuss guidance. We modestly increased our full year 2022 BOE and natural gas production guidance while maintaining capital and unit cost guidance. Our annual production guidance is up 1% to 625 to 640 BOE per day and 2.78 to 2.85 Bcf per day, respectively. We have no change to our 2022 turn-in line guidance and expect total company turn-in lines to be near the midpoint of guidance. Our fourth quarter total production guidance is 615 to 635 MBoe per day, with natural gas and oil volume guidance set at 2.73 to 2.78 Bcf per day and 86 to 89 MBO per day, respectively. On the 2022 capital, we are maintaining our guidance range, but expect to be at the high end, driven by ongoing inflation. While we are continuing to see inflationary pressures relating to operating cost, we are maintaining unit cost guidance for LOE, GP&T, G&A, taxes other than income and deferred tax ratio. One note, the deferred tax ratio during the third quarter of 8% was below the expected run rate due to a favorable tax law change in Pennsylvania that was enacted during the quarter. The Pennsylvania corporate income tax rate was lower for all future years, reducing Coterras future tax liability. This reversal was recognized as a deferred tax gain on the quarter, which caused a one-time adjustment and drove the deferred tax ratio below our annual guidance. As it relates to the reserve news and its impact, the third quarter results reflect the increased DD&A required after the adjustment. This will carry through into the fourth quarter and even with the adjustments, our full year DD&A guidance remains unchanged. In summary, Coterra continues to deliver on all fronts with strong operational execution and disciplined capital allocation. As always, maintaining one of the best balance sheets in the industry remains foundational to our future success. With that, well turn it back over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking our questions.
Tom Jorden: Hi, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, Tom. Our first question is on capital allocation. And I guess, with the Upper Marcellus now looking like its comparing more favorably to the lower than maybe what perhaps some may have appreciated. And the Permian looks like its firing on all cylinders. There seems to be a lot of optionality for capital allocation next year. Do you have any further commentary on what that allocation could look like between the upper and lower going forward? And also perhaps any commentary on what it could look like between your three basins next year?
Tom Jorden: Well, thank you for that question, Jeanine. We dont have any specifics. I will say your observation is spot on. Were very pleased by the Upper, and were also pleased by the economics of the Upper. As we look at the Marcellus, there are a lot of factors that come into play. One is we are kind of finishing out that Lower and our choices of pads is also a function of our system line pressure where we have compression capability. I think youll see us have a sizable mix of Upper in our portfolio going forward. Sizable is somewhere 30% to 40%, but were still working on that. We would like to continue to delineate, but thus far were pretty encouraged, as you can see. You also rightly noted our Permian is firing on all cylinders. So were  right now, we have a lot of options in front of us for 2023. Weve got some outstanding economic returns. Well look forward to continuing to work it. But we dont really have anything definitive to say this morning on how were going to allocate capital.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. You knew we had to try. Thank you. Our second question, maybe moving to the reserves. On the proved reserves update, the Permian Anadarko reserves are expected to increase by about 10% year-over-year, and the Marcellus is expected to decrease about by a third. On the Marcellus, the deal closed a little over a year ago. Has this changed really just a matter of having maybe more time under your belt to study the asset, and thats whats driving the updated view on the type curves? Or is it something more related to like your change in philosophy or your price deck assumption? And any additional color would be great on where youre seeing the most impact along the performance curve. And we heard your prepared remarks that 80% of the NPV value is within the first five years. But a lot of questions in there, but just an important topic. Thank you.
Tom Jorden: Yes. No. Thank you for that, Jeanine. When you bring two teams together, theres lots of differences. Theres differences in operating techniques, differences in safety philosophy. There are differences in incentive systems. Theres differences in technical analysis. So we really set to work October 1, 2021, of just reconciling a lot of these differences. And we brought some new techniques and technologies. We learned from one another. But I will say, one of the things youve heard me talk about in the past is this annual look back we do. And it really wasnt until the third quarter that we were able to look at the kind of the systemic issue of the reserves in a light that was, I think, new to many of our colleagues that have worked the Marcellus for a long time. And it really was third quarter when we said, okay, this is worth digging into. And we had all the experts in the room. But I really want to say, and hopefully this came out from our remarks, we really see this as having little to modest financial impact. In fact, were saying its not a material event. There is certainly no impairment involved with it, and the DD&A is extremely modest. We also dont see it really impacting our cash flow significantly over the next there years to five years. And now you may say, well, how do you say that? Well, you cannot take reserve forecast and just immediately translate it into a cash flow forecast. And the reason is that field in Susquehanna County is very complex. You have line pressure issues, you have parent-child effects, you have occasional shut-ins that you have to deal with. So what happens is our team in Pittsburgh takes the projects theyre going to drill, and they take it into a system-wide model and see what its going to generate in terms of a production forecast. And that  although that starts with a base reserve forecast, you do look at all the various things that are going to impact that. Those reserves are going to be produced over a 50-year time frame, but over a 3, 5, 10-year time frame, the actual production, actual cash flow is going to be based on particulars of the field hydraulics and field situation. So for many, many years, and certainly for Coterras history, our cash flow forecasts have come from that field level analysis and the actual operating conditions on the ground. And so we dont see this as having a material impact to our cash flow forecast over the next there years to five years. Now in fairness to your question, over that 50-year life, that gap is going to be closed but that differential is decades out in the future in the well life. So this is not a significant impact on our cash flow as we go forward. Certainly wont impact our capital allocation, but we did the analysis in the third quarter, and we felt like, okay, we saw it at least we could define ranges with certain confidence and we thought it was our responsibility to communicate it, and thats why we came out this morning.
Jeanine Wai: We appreciate all the details. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Your next question is from Umang Choudhary of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Umang Choudhary: Hi, good morning. And thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to circle back on the activity point, which you mentioned. I know I understand its early days, but I wanted to get your thoughts on the Permian and the gas basis risk next year? And how are you thinking about managing that risk and if that would bias activity towards oilier areas in the Permian Basin?
Tom Jorden: Well, thats a great question, and Ill invite Blake Sirgo here to join me in the answer. One of the things  we look at this very carefully. Now obviously, in the Permian Basin, oil is our dominant revenue. And in fact, part of the problem in the Permian Basin is gas is kind of a byproduct and oil is such a dominant part of the revenue that its associated gas, but the drilling decisions are really driven by that oil. Weve taken great pains over the years and our marketing group and Blake can comment on this, has been very effective in giving us assuredness of flow. Waha pricing is a very small exposure to our overall corporate price structure. But the critical issue is, we feel very confident saying that we have assuredness of flow. And regardless of that basis, we think our wells will flow and well be able to capture that oil revenue, which is really foundational to the investment decision. But Blake, Ill let you comment on that.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Thanks, Tom. I think we all saw Waha go negative late last week, which, of course, we dont like seeing any of the commodities we work so hard to produce go negative. But October still finished above $3 for the month. Historically, thats really strong for Waha. But its not a surprise. Waha is really tight. Capacity is going to be tight until the end of 2023 when the expansion projects come online. So anytime theres major planned maintenance events like this, were going to see these fluctuations. Tom just alluded to it, well, Waha priced gas is 60% of our Permian gas portfolio, its only 6% of our Coterra gas portfolio, we have layered in some Waha hedges going into 2023 to help minimize that volatility in cash flow. But really, all were focused on is flow assurance, as Tom said, all our Waha price sales are firm with great counterparties that was on display last week over Bcf a day offline in the Permian, and we had absolutely no interruption to flow. So while we expect some blips along the way throughout 2023, its  we view it as minimal impact to cash flow, and we have the flow assurance we need.
Umang Choudhary: Great. Thank you. And my next question was on inflation expectations for next year. I know its early days. You talked about 10% to 20% increase potentially in 2023. Are you seeing any regional differences between Permian and Appalachia, and especially in the Perm because I believe last quarter, you had talked about cost increasing by 30% to 35% over 2021 and 2022?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, sure. This is Blake. Ill comment on that. We see inflation widely in every basin in all the same categories. We just went through this process, contracting a lot of our services for 2023. And Id say, in general, the Marcellus is a little higher thats not unique to just this moment in time. The  everything in the Marcellus is winterized, so it commands a little higher price and its just a smaller swimming pool in the Permian. So theres a little less competition for services and that comes out in more inflation. When we look ahead to 2023, right now, were saying 10% to 20% is what were seeing, and thats based on the most recent contracts were entering into. We do have some cost categories, though, that are beyond that range. The reason were not projecting beyond that is theres a lot of things that go into our $23 per foot. So lateral length, timing, 2022 contracts extending into 2023, our efficiencies, all those things come into play. So right now, were modeling closer to the lower end of that range. But if inflation runs through 2023 like it did in 2022, we could easily see the high end of that range. Until then well focus on what we can control.
Umang Choudhary: Makes sense.
Operator: Your next question is from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning. Tom, I was wondering if I could maybe ask the question on the reserve write-down maybe a different way. If you did the PV-10 standardized measure kind of at a flat deck, is there any way you can give us a sense of what the impact could be? Because it sounds like a lot of the impacts is in the later portion of the production life of the well. So I just wanted to give a sense of maybe you could haircut it like that.
Tom Jorden: Arun is what I can tell you is in something like this, the value impact is significantly less than the volume impact. I think thats probably clear to everybody. But I just want to say, although weve come out and weve really tried to give ranges that we think are going to be  were going to  we think theyre realistic. This is really a fourth quarter process. And we want to finish our reserves. Weve got an auditor that wed like to get their reserve audit. We have a lot of remaining work to finish that out. And if I could indulge you to hold that question until were finished in the fourth quarter, I think we can be pretty forthcoming. But we think the ranges weve given are realistic, and were kind of coming out of a quarter early on reserve talk.
Arun Jayaram: Understood. Understood. Tom, you mentioned that the cash flow impact would be minimal. Could you give us a sense of what kind of impact do you sense on your production outlook in view of sustaining capital requirements in the Marcellus? Does this have any impact as you think about 2023 or 2024 production?
Tom Jorden: I dont think that this has any impact on it. Now I will say it depends whether youre talking about the upper or lower. I mean, as were finishing out the lower, as weve talked in the past, were dealing with situations where we may have shorter lateral lengths. We have up; space, but we are infilling islands of undrilled, so we have some constraints. And that will inevitably probably lead to a slight decrease in capital efficiency over what were all used to. But thats just kind of the nature of the beast. We think its most prudent within the field because of our infrastructure requirements to go ahead and as we continue to poke around in the upper, were going to finish out that lower. But we dont see the issue on reserves having any material effect on that issue at all.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Neal Dingmann of Truist Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning. Can you hear me, Tom?
Tom Jorden: Loud and clear, Neal.
Neal Dingmann: All right. My first question, just on the Marcellus specifically, I love some of the Upper Marcellus news that you have put out in some of those results. Im just wondering, going forward, two questions around that. One, how active would you be able to codevelop in those areas between the upper and lower? And then right now, the opportunity where youve had some of those stellar Lower Marcellus wells, is there opportunities to go back and go after some upper?
Tom Jorden: Well, our team is looking at that right now. Weve challenged them. I may contradict my answer to the last question. Were filling out the lower, but weve challenged them to really look at that infrastructure and lets just try to break them old and do it in the most profitable way. So always, we like to rank our opportunities and do the best first and work our way down the ladder there on economic value. So its really  its a complex function of infrastructure, compression availability and were going to try to be active on our best opportunities, but I appreciate your comments. We really are quite pleased with what were seeing out of the upper. And were going to try to fit as much of that in as we can. But you just have to kind of wait until we announce our 2023 program. Weve got some really bright people working on the best economic model they can field.
Neal Dingmann: No, Id love to hear it. And then just secondly, on inventory, Tom, do you find yourself now with this Upper Marcellus success with that and obviously with the Dell and Mid-Con feeling that you have more than ample acreage? Or Im just everybody sort of asked the M&A question, I guess, my way to tackle that is how actively are you looking at sort of the plays and assets being thrown out there? Or are you pretty content given the size now of inventory you have after the separate Marcellus success?
Tom Jorden: Neal, the alignment exploration is the heart. Words like ample acreage and content just dont sit well with it. Look, weve got a very deep inventory in all of our basins. Were  in fact, I was reviewing that in some detail this morning. Were very pleased with our inventory. But were also pretty high on Coterras ability to be an outstanding operator. And I mentioned our field staff, I mentioned our outstanding scientists throughout this organization. If we had the opportunity to acquire more assets at an entry price that add value for the Coterra shareholder, we would do it. We look at everything. We are highly curious as an organization  and but were just not going to try to play financial games with that. Its going to have to be something that adds real sustainable value over cycles. And its my hope and intent that were going to find something. Let me just finish by saying, its not a goal. Its an ongoing kind of with  we dont lay down markers on an annual basis and say, lets go buy something. I mean thats kind of a dangerous way to manage. We want to be opportunistic.
Neal Dingmann: Agree. And thanks for the details.
Operator: Your next question is from Derrick Whitfield at Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Derrick Whitfield: Good morning. And thanks for taking my question.
Tom Jorden: Hi, Derrick.
Derrick Whitfield: Tom, I wanted to lead with the question on your broader outlook, while acknowledging youre not offering formal 2023 guidance today. Could I ask you to comment on your high-level takeaways from the CapEx proposals youve received from your three business units and how these proposals compare versus past years?
Tom Jorden: Well, we are  inflation is having an impact. I will say, 2021, the economics were lights out as good as it gets. Certainly, weve seen a little softening in commodity prices as we look into 2023, and weve seen inflation. But you kind of have to put things in context. As we look at the plans that have been laid in front of us in 2023, the economics on any normalized decade-long historical look are really, really strong. We have a lot of things to do. Weve asked each one of our business units to kind of give us a small, medium and large. Were small as maintenance, and then we look at various options and so that we can mix and match and form the best capital program we can. Yes, we talked earlier about 2022 being largely underway when we form Coterra, thats not the case with 2023. So we truly do have options to construct the best program possible. Weve  you heard me say in my opening remarks, we have services under contract that gives us flexibility. Because as we look at 2023, boy, if anybody on this call can tell us what 2023 can look like, well get you at the front of the line here. Weve got commodity price uncertainty. We also have inflation uncertainty. We have world economic outlook thats uncertain and global demand. So Im not being tried when I say flexibility is going in the realm. We will enter 2023 with services under our control that would allow us to accelerate or decelerate, and well have flexibility. Really, were working this hard. We  one thing I can promise you is that 2023 will be a very profitable program or we wont make the investments. And right now, as we model it, were going to have a lot of options within a very wide band of potential capital  total capital and where we allocate it. I just look forward to coming out with some detail once we really make these commitments to our business units.
Derrick Whitfield: As my follow-up, regarding your comments on the Harkey moving into development mode, its clear that youre comfortable with the surface all design. Having said that, could you speak to how the interval competes for capital versus the Upper Wolfcamp A?
Tom Jorden: Well, it kind of depends where you are in the basin. The Harkey is excellent compared to the Wolfcamp. I mean, theyre neck and neck. Of course, the Wolfcamp is  I mean, look, theres a lot of variability in Delaware Basin. So its kind of hard to average. But if you had to choose between really great Wolfcamp A or Harkey, itd be like asking which one of your kids, you like best. Its a really tough choice.
Derrick Whitfield: Thats great color. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Your next question is from David Deckelbaum of Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks for taking my questions, Tom.
Tom Jorden: Hey, David.
David Deckelbaum: I wanted to ask maybe a point of clarification on the Marcellus, and Im sorry, youre getting a lot of questions on this today. But I guess, as it relates to when you first looked at the assets, during the M&A process or during the merger process. If you compare it to today, was a lot of the write-downs more on the parent or child well size. Is this more of a  an indication that the parent wells are being more impacted as you do more in field activity drilling? Or is there just multiple variables that wouldnt necessarily describe the majority of the move?
Tom Jorden: Well, when you look at the Marcellus program, obviously, like any shale basin, it over time, gravitated to a higher percentage of child infill wells. So if you look at just the complex  the makeup of the drilling programs over the last few years, were  for the last number of years has been drilling a majority of infill wells. So to your question, I mean, a lot of it is, of course, driven by the behavior of infill wells. Were doing a lot. Were looking at changing our spacing as weve talked about in the past. Were also  we had a really good technical meeting in Pittsburgh a couple of weeks ago and theyre doing some great work revisiting our completions. And we think we may have some optimization by rethinking that. But I mean its driven by well performance and well performance is mostly infill wells because thats been the complexion inflection of our program.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate that. Thanks, Tom. Maybe if I could just ask a quick follow-up on  there was a mention obviously in your prepared remarks and the presentation about looking at long-term service contracts, but then obviously also maintaining flexibility on a view that perhaps that market might soften next year, I guess have you  are you in the midst now of signing long-term agreements? And I guess when you think about the long-term agreement for a base level of activity, how long is the duration of those contracts? And I guess, what would be the benefit of doing that? Is there a fear that you wont have the availability of quality crews going forward in the tight market? Or is it really price-driven protection?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. David, this is Blake. Ill take that one. You nailed it. Priority number one is securing premium rigs and crews. We have to have those to execute our capital programs and the markets requiring a lot of long-term contracts to get that done right now. So thats whats forcing that decision. Second, of course, is price. As Tom mentioned, who knows what 2023 is going to do. So price is a little tough to get our arms around. But what we do is we leverage our longer-term commitments and blocking up a whole bunch of work, and we use that to leverage flexibility on additional work. So that if we pick up or drop crews, we know theyre available to us and some surety of price around what that will be. So  its just a combination of managing that portfolio.
David Deckelbaum: And sorry, just to clarify, are the terms longer than we would normally expect with a term contract? Are these multiyear agreements? Or is this typically for 12 months?
Blake Sirgo: No, typically 12 months or less.
David Deckelbaum: Thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Tom, thanks for taking my questions. Tom, I apologize for going back to the upper Lower Marcellus, but I wanted to ask a couple of technical issues to try and maybe connect the dots a little bit here. So you talked about the Pearsall be an effective frac barrier. But I think were aware that theres some pinching out across the acreage. And I assume that the wells you tested were probably in the thickest part of the barrier, if you want to call it that. So can you walk us through how you see the risking across the acreage? And what it  how it might inform your view of inventory depth today versus at the time of the acquisition.
Tom Jorden: Yes, Doug, we  as we map the Pearsall, it is, we think, reasonably thick over almost all of our assets were talking 40, 50 feet generally. So we dont see an area in our asset where we would have heightened concern about the Pearsall not being a frac barrier. Now if you zoom out and you look at the region outside of our asset, that statement is going to change. The Pearsall does then, and there are areas around us where the Upper and Lower Marcellus behave as one continuous petroleum system. We dont think thats going to be the case on our asset. Doug, you know us well. I want to be very careful with how I answer that question. With our best technology right now, and weve got a fair number of tests where weve put tracers and looked at communication across that Pearsall barrier. With our best information now, we have a high degree of confidence that, that statement is true. And as we look at the area, we think its going to be repeatable across the area. But that is one thing that we will be testing as we look at additional Upper Marcellus wells. I always want to be careful of getting ahead of ourselves what we believe against what we know. I mean, based on all our technical experience, we believe that Pearsall is going to be frac barrier, and all of our experiments today have confirmed that. But we will update you, we feel very confident today in saying that the Upper Marcellus will be an independent petroleum system from the lower and will be developed without significant interference.
Doug Leggate: Thats very clear, Tom. I appreciate that. And I might be trying to peel the onion back to  in too much detail here. But my follow-up is also related to that. Im just wondering if you could share what youve observed through your testing as it relates to how the pressure gradient has evolved across the Upper Marcellus? Your point about lack of communication between the two zones, have you seen any shift as you started to any evidence, for example, as Chesapeake pointed out, that co-development might be the right way forward because there is some communication are you saying that now you dont believe that be the case?
Tom Jorden: Now different areas are going to behave differently. And I dont want to comment on another operator, but that comment doesnt surprise me. We see our area is somewhat unique in that Pearsall and the thickness across our area. We think codevelopment would not be the right approach. And in fact, we also think that the fact that we have that barrier really allows us to take more efficient use of our infrastructure, because we have compression and field hydraulics. And if we were required to codevelop, that would be a much more challenging complex problem. So the fact that weve got that Pearsall frac barrier is really, I think, an important part of our economic development. So we just think were in a different area, Doug.
Doug Leggate: Well, thanks, Tom, and well see you in a couple of weeks. I appreciate you taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hi. Thats Paul Cheng. Tom, I want to go back into the M&A question. Can you give us some criteria or financial metrics that you would be looking at? And also that in the [indiscernible] what our geographic region or that or that gas as that you will be focused on that you dont really have any of those specific target?
Tom Jorden: Well, yes, thank you, Paul. The  yes, when it comes to M&A, first and foremost, we would like to find some things that compete for capital in a reasonable time frame. And you wake up every morning and rethink every problem, at least in a changing world, if you dont, youre making a mistake. Its kind of tough for us to just say flat out. We will not consider anything if it doesnt have the kind of returns that are currently in our inventory, because if thats our criteria, were done. Theres very little out there that competes with our inventory. So we want to thank decades in the future and find assets that we think are more valuable in our hands than the current owner, which is another way of saying that we think we might be able to buy it right and create value through that. And thats a really, really high bar. So I  we remain opportunistic, but were fortunately, because of the depth of our inventory under no pressure here. As far as your second part of the question to geography, were a multi-basin company. Were a multi-commodity company. So we know how to play and how to manage a company thats geographically spread out. In fact, we think its one of the strengths of Coterra and we think over time, the marketplace will see how that strength produces more consistent results over time. But there are some things that we want to be careful of. There are some operating environments that are more difficult. There are some areas that are more politically difficult. And so we would be selective in terms of what new areas we would look at. But we know how to manage multi-basin company, and that wouldnt deter us if it checked out the boxes. But that said, I want to just finish with the statement I made, because of the depth and quality of our inventory, we have the luxury of really forcing ourselves to have a high bar and make sure that anything we look at is in the best interest of the owners.
Paul Cheng: Tom, do you have a preference between oil or gas or it doesnt really matter? And also that from an organization capability moment since you are still in the process of integrating, do you think that you already done enough on the integration that you can take on a substantially new assets or that you may take another six to nine months before which that comfort stay?
Tom Jorden: Well, I mean, these are a lot of hypotheticals here because the M&A question is always one that  its an optionality. Its not necessarily something that we have specifics to talk about, but the integration is going very, very well. Our teams, as I said in my opening remarks, are really coming together. And the fun thing from my standpoint is that theres really an organic cooperation thats leveraging the great ideas and experience of all of our organization as they get to know one another. And theres a lot of power in that. Good ideas are not regionally constrained when you have a lot of cross-company collaboration. And what was the first question?
Paul Cheng: Do you have a preference between oil or gas
Tom Jorden: Our preference is generating profits and profitable investments. And we do like a commodity mix just because of the swing in the commodity that was part of the thesis in forming Coterra. Were roughly balanced between liquids and natural gas on a revenue standpoint. We would consider any asset, any commodity mix if we thought it made Coterra stronger company. So were not in the interest of picking commodities. Were in the interest of picking profitability.
Paul Cheng: A final question on Anadarko, I think that you guys have been evaluating the asset. And at this point, is there anything you can share that what you think will be the future Coterra asset? And whether you will start increasing your activity level for next year? Or is it going to take some more time? Thank you.
Tom Jorden: Well, yes, we havent  were not prepared to talk about 2023 capital on this call in any great detail. I will share  weve got a couple of projects flowing back in the Anadarko right now. And were watching them with great interest. Look forward to updating you on them. Its  although were very encouraged by what we see, weve been around this business long enough to know particularly on projects that have infill potential. You want to watch things over some months before you call it. But were flowing a couple of projects back that look pretty interesting to us.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Noel Parks of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Noel Parks: Good morning.
Tom Jorden: Good morning, Noel.
Noel Parks: I realize its early in the process, but as you head into and given what youve told us about looking at reserves and selling. Can you comment a bit on operating cost assumptions and how those  I guess, just what youre thinking of long-term. I dont know if any of us expected we would see such a sharp increase in the tightness in the service environment. So just comment on the cost component as you look ahead.
Tom Jorden: Yes, were  in the fourth quarter, as we finish out our normal reserve process, well be updating lease operating expenses, or LOE, we do expect LOE to increase, but theres not a one-for-one connection between LOE and reserves, and thats particularly true in the Marcellus. I mean those operating costs are so low that we run a 50-year reserve life and you really find that pricing and LOE doesnt really have much of an impact. And thats not true elsewhere. So as part of our fourth quarter process, and we do, as I said earlier, want to dot the eyes cross the Ts. And although weve talked about a range, we have some work to do. One of that is around LOE, one of the items. But we dont see that as a  certainly not an item that will have meaningful impact on Marcellus reserves. And I mean, well have to do the process, but I dont anticipate updating LOE having much of an impact on our end of the year. .
Noel Parks: Great. Thanks for the clarification. And turning into Anadarko for a minute. Just in general terms, it is interesting that even among some of the basins that are maturing further along in their development in the Permian, for instance, weve seen a fair amount of M&A and consolidation activity this year. And Im just wondering if  not so much in the Anadarko, just wondering if you think that still lies ahead or whether a piece of that is just as an industry, the capital and sort of the technological advances arent necessarily being manifest in that play the way they are more aggressively than others?
Tom Jorden: Youre talking specifically to Anadarko?
Noel Parks: Yes.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Well, one of the interesting things in our business is you do have single basin players. And so often, technology, even though you think, well, its known by all, technological adoptions and innovation sometimes dont spread like wildfire from basin to basin. So you can occasionally have disconnection. And if we had more time, I could offer a lot of examples of that, that Ive seen in my career. My experience and observation is theres some pretty smart players in the Anadarko. A lot of these private equity companies are fairly innovative. A lot of these teams came out of larger shops and Certainly, were schooled in understanding the full range of available technologies. So I dont know if I would share the opinion that the Anadarko is behind on technology. Yes, Id love to take that off-line, but I just dont see it that way.
Noel Parks: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Tom Jordan for closing remarks.
Tom Jorden: Well, listen, I want to thank everybody for your great questions. Weve delved into some good issues and really do look forward to continuing to generate the type of outstanding results we did in the third quarter. Were very confident that Coterra is lined up to continue to have a landscape of just outstanding returns, good capital returns, great discipline and also look forward to discussing our 2023 capital program next time we convene. So thank you all very much.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Cheryl, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]  Dan Guffey, Vice President of Finance, Planning and Analysis and Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 
Dan Guffey: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, and thank you for joining Coterra Energy's second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Today's prepared remarks will include an overview from Tom Jorden, CEO and President; and Scott Schroeder, Executive Vice President and CFO. Also on the call, we have Blake Sirgo and Todd Roemer. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions during the Q&A session.  As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in our earnings release and updated investor presentation, both of which can be found on our website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Dan, and thank all of you who are joining us today for our Q2 2022 recap. As you read from our earnings release, we had an excellent second quarter. If I were asked to write the news headline describing our release, it would be Coterra Hits Its Stride. With these quarterly results, which are our third since forming Coterra, we have affirmed our commitment to capital discipline, prudent capital allocation and returning free cash to our owners. We beat on all three product streams: oil, gas and natural gas liquids. This was a result of outstanding organizational execution during the quarter as well as having some great rock. I want to give a big shout out to our organization, particularly our field staff who worked relentlessly during the quarter and brought wells online ahead of their planned first production date. Our solid execution was turbocharged by excellent reservoir performance. We continue to see positive results from our spacing configurations, landing zone selections and completion designs. You will also note that we increased our capital guidance for the year. This was a combination of two factors, inflation and a modest increase in activit I will discuss these individually.  Inflation continues to be a headwind. This includes cost increases for rigs and frac fleets, as our term commitments expire and we move to prevailing rates. Prices for diesel, fuel, steel and sand continued to climb during the quarter. It is hard to point to any significant item that has not seen some level of price increase. We are adding a modest amount of incremental activity in the second half of 2022. This includes keeping a third rig running in the Marcellus, where our prior plans called for us to drop back to two rigs. In the final analysis, we decided against releasing a high-performing drilling rig in an environment where we had doubts that we could have replaced it with 1 of comparable quality and performance. This decision will provide operational momentum and increase optionality as we enter 2023. We are achieving outstanding economic returns from our capital investments in each of our three basins. One measure of the quality of returns is project payout time. It has been many years since payout was a meaningful descriptor of our program. Our industry has been fooled many times by a strip price file that has ultimately been a mirage and which has, at times, resulted in returns that are lower than predrill models. In an environment where we are cautious about future commodity prices and possible global recession, short payout times add a safety backstop through a capital program. In 2022, our Permian and Marcellus drilling projects are achieving full project payout in a range between two and six months. Looking ahead into 2023, Coterra is well positioned for success. Although we are not prepared to discuss specific plans for 2023, we are positioned to deliver on all of our commitments: significant free cash flow generation, the return of at least 30% of cash flow from operations in the form of dividends, supplemental share repurchases and debt reduction and an investment program that generates mid-single-digit growth. In Coterra fashion, we intend to under promise and over deliver. We are also pleased to report that we have not relaxed on our mission to significantly reduce our emissions footprint. We are on track to hit our greenhouse gas intensity goals, methane intensity goals and flaring reduction. As of fall of 2021, we have eliminated all routine flaring. We also continue to make great progress on our multiyear electrification goals. Fully 2/3 of our Permian wells drilled in 2022 will be drilled by rigs running directly on grid power. We took delivery of a fully electric frac fleet during the second quarter, which we are powering directly off our electrical distribution grid. We have begun to pivot to electric compression within our Permian midstream assets and are seeing excellent operational performance. These initiatives are smart, timely and result in significant efficiencies and fuel savings, hats off to our operational staff and vendor partners for championing these creative and impactful technologies. And finally, on the macro front, we have not lost sight of the fact that we are in the midst of a growing global energy crisis. Long-term underinvestment in our sector, combined with the rebound in demand, has created a shortage of oil and natural gas and the impacts of which have ricocheted around the world. The war in Europe and growing inflation has exacerbated the problem and impacted those who can least support it. Thus far, the response from our policymakers in Washington has been underwhelming. Although we are encouraged by some elements of the recently announced Inflation Reduction Act, we are cautiously studying its many provisions. Our industry and our nation have the capacity to produce clean, reliable, affordable energy that provides energy security to the free world. We not only have the ability to accelerate delivery of LNG to the world, we have the responsibility to do so. We need strong leadership and energy policy. We need more pipeline infrastructure, and we need it now. Many of these projects will take years from design to completion, which means that we should get started today, unleash us and watch what we can do. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott, who will walk us through a more detailed rundown of our Q2 results.
Scott Schroeder: Thanks, Tom. Today, I will briefly touch on second quarter results, shareholder returns and then finish with updated [guidance]. During the second quarter, Coterra generated discretionary cash flow of $1.49 billion in the quarter, which was up 21% quarter-over-quarter, driven by strong operational execution and robust commodity prices. Accrued second quarter capital expenditures totaled $472 million with drilling and completion making up 93% of that total, while cash capital expenditures totaled $474 million. Coterra's free cash flow totaled $1.02 billion for the quarter, which included severance costs of $14 million. Additionally, the free cash flow figure included cash hedge losses totaling $297 million. Second quarter total production volumes averaged 632 MBoe per day, with oil volumes averaging 88.2 MBO per day and natural gas volumes averaging 2.79 Bcf per day. As Tom indicated, all three streams were at the high end of our guidance range. The strong second quarter performance was driven by a combination of operational efficiencies, which accelerated cycle times, positive well productivity and an increase in non-operated production. Second quarter turn-in-lines totaled 32 net wells, which was in line with the high end of our guidance range. One note, during the quarter, we were primarily an ethane recovery in the Permian Basin, whereas we have primarily in rejection over the prior year. This caused natural gas volumes to be slightly lower, NGL volumes to be slightly higher and NGL realization as a percent of WTI to fall slightly. We expect to see a blend of rejection and recovery for the remainder of the year. The company exited the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of cash, down from $1.4 billion in the first quarter. During the second quarter, the company had a stronger than usual -- excuse me, a larger-than-usual change in its current assets liabilities account on the cash flow statement, due primarily to large AR changes, which were driven by strong commodity prices. Company's combined net debt to trailing 12 months EBITDAX leverage ratio at quarter end was 0.4x. Liquidity stood at just over $2.5 billion when combining our cash position with our undrawn $1.5 billion revolver. Turning to return of capital. We announced shareholder returns totaling 80% of second quarter free cash flow or 92% of cash flow from operations. The return of capital is being delivered through three methods. First, we maintained our $0.15 per share common dividend, which remains one of the largest common dividend yields in the industry. Second, we announced a variable dividend of $0.50 per share. Combined, our base plus variable dividends totals $0.65 per share up from our $0.56 per share dividend paid in the first quarter and our $0.60 per share dividend paid in the second quarter. Our total cash dividends for the quarter is equal to 50% of free cash flow. Third, during the second quarter, we repurchased $303 million of common stock or 11 million shares at an average price of $28.60. Buyback amounted to a $0.38 per share number or 30% of free cash flow. Just over four months since our $1.25 billion buyback authorization, we have repurchased 18.9 million shares for $487 million, utilizing 39% of our original authorization. We have previously discussed our intention to execute the full authorization within a year and remain on track to do so. Entering the third quarter, the company had a 10b5-1 plan in place, and we will provide details of its third quarter share repurchase activity with next quarter's update. In addition, we announced the conversion of $38 million of preferred stock and a retirement of $124 million in principal of long-term debt, which had a weighted average interest rate of approximately 6%. We remain committed to returning 50-plus percent of free cash flow through the base dividend and variable dividends and incremental returns come in the form of share buybacks and enhanced variable dividend or possible future debt reduction. Lastly, I will discuss our guidance. In the release yesterday afternoon, we updated full year production, capital and unit cost guidance. Following another strong quarter of execution and performance, we are raising our full year '22 production guidance. Our annual guidance at the midpoint for BOE is up 1% to 615 to 635. Natural gas is up 1% to 2.75 to 2.83 Bcf per day. And oil is up 4% to 85.5 to 87.5 MBO per day. We have no change to our '22 turn-in-line guidance but could be toward the high end of the range. We are increasing our full year capital investment guidance 10% above the high end of our previous range to $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion. The increase is driven by incremental inflation and a modest uptick to second half '22 activity. We now expect '22 inflation to drive capital up 20% to 25% year-over-year, up from the estimate of 15% to 20% back in May. While we have the majority of our big ticket items locked in for the second half of 2022, the majority of our '23 program remains subject to market rates. Based on preliminary estimates, we expect inflation to increase dollars per foot an incremental in 2023. On the activity increase, Tom already noted the third rig in the Marcellus in the second half of '22. Additionally, we are increasing our facilities capital minimize execution risk and the impact of high service and materials markets. While we are continuing to see inflationary pressure relating to operating costs, we are maintaining our LOE, GP&T and G&A unit cost guidance. We are increasing our taxes other income guidance and lowering our expectations for the deferred tax ratio. With operational efficiencies pulling volumes forward into the second quarter, we now expect production volume for the second half to be relatively flat. In summary, we expect capital discipline, continued execution and our unrelenting focus on maximizing return on capital to drive a differentiated value proposition. As always, maintaining one of the best balance sheets in the industry remains foundational for our future success.  With that, I will turn it back over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Jeanine Wai of Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: My first question is on cash returns. You returned in a very impressive 80% of free cash flow this quarter, 69% last quarter. And we know the official framework calls for 50% or more payout with the base plus variable dividend. And then you have the buybacks as a sweetener. So you already have a strong balance sheet, you don't have much debt coming due. And our question is, if prices remain around where they are currently, is that 70% to 80% range a good ballpark going forward?
Scott Schroeder : Jeanine, this is Scott Schroeder. Again, our framework is the 50-plus percent. If you listen to the comments we made and how we're leading in and our goal of getting most of the buyback done, I think it's a safe assumption that we will be higher than the 50%. But at the end of the day, our main commitment is the 50-plus percent.
Jeanine Wai : Okay. Understood. Thank you. Our second question is on inflation, a topic these days. Some folks are a little surprised that the Marcellus is seeing as much inflation as it has been. So can you discuss the dynamics between the relative inflation between the Marcellus and the Permian and any implications for '22 or '23? And your prepared remarks on Slide 8, they were really helpful, and we're just looking for maybe any additional commentary.
Blake Sirgo: Hey, Jeanine. This is Blake. I'll take that one. When we look at inflation across the basins, it's really kind of amazing how close they track on casings to casing, we feel that everywhere. And even with rigs and crews, they're in hot demand all over the U.S. And so the service providers have pressure to bring those to wherever they can -- whatever basin they can get the best pricing is. So it's been interesting to watch those costs really track closely. What's differentiating the Permian this year is, one, just some more operational efficiencies, specifically the 3-mile lateral projects in the eFrac is offsetting some of the inflation, but also in the Marcellus just with contract timing. The Marcellus contracts rolled off earlier in the year. So we went to new contracts at higher rates. So it kind of took their lumps earlier in the year, whereas in the Permian, that will be a little later.  As far as inflation going forward, I think we're -- we've built in everything that we know today. And so that's what we're guiding to. 
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Portillo of Tudor, Pickering & Holt.
Matthew Portillo : Just a quick one, I guess, two on the operational front. I know that part of the production outlook in Q2 was related to the timing of the TILs but a couple of quarters now where we're seeing positive performance that looks to be driven by some of the changes you've made to the spacing design in the Permian. And Tom, maybe just a question around what you've learned so far and maybe any learnings that you're seeing in terms of the outperformance on the well results as we move forward there?
Tom Jorden: Well, Matt, we've learned kind of what we've talked about in the past. We believe we can recover the same amount of oil volumes in much -- if -- much of our Permian asset by drilling fewer wells. And so we're seeing a significant increase in capital efficiency, as we widened our spacing. And in some areas, we've increased our completion energy. And what we're finding is that as we compare our projects to some offsets, we're tracking right on line with recovery per drilling spacing unit with a lower capital investment. We continue to explore landing zones. We've done a lot of science over the years, and we're seeing, I think, good recovery from our section of rock. But as I said in my prepared remarks, all that in great rocks and you have a formula for success. So we're very pleased with the changes we've made over the last couple of years.
Matthew Portillo : Great. And then maybe shifting a bit to the Marcellus, I know part of the strategic combination with the diversification of the commodity between gas and some of the Permian assets, but also seems like there's quite a bit of potential to unlock value in the Upper Marcellus. I know you have seven wells or so online and more to come in the back half of the year. Just curious if you can give us any insight into what you've learned so far on the Upper Marcellus and how that might continue to extend the fairway on the development program for that asset moving forward?
Tom Jorden: Our learning curve in the Upper Marcellus right now is steep, and it's kind of fun. It's nice to have a new landing zone with that kind of potential and kind of a race what you've known that doesn't apply and apply which you've known and directly applies. We're doing some science right now in the Marcellus. We've got a fiber optic project with some downhole pressure sensors, kind of exploring the fracture efficacy of our completions. We're very encouraged by what we're seeing in the air from Marcellus, and we look forward to bringing those results to the floor as soon as we get a little more production behind us. We want to be conservative and watch these multipad developments before we start high-fiving ourselves. But the Upper Marcellus is wide open territory. We're very encouraged and look forward to discussing it in the future.
Operator: Your next question is from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. 
Arun Jayaram: A couple of questions regarding your initial thoughts on 2023, really appreciate those. You mentioned -- maybe Scott mentioned how preliminarily maybe dollar per foot up about 10%, and you could deliver, call it, mid-single digits growth kind of preliminarily, I wanted to get your sense on kind of footage. You guys gave us a lot of great details on the amount of footage. If you run a six-rig program in the Permian and three rigs in the Marcellus. What kind of year-over-year increases would you anticipate in just overall footage?
Tom Jorden: Yes. Well, Arun, we're not prepared to give that specific guidance in 2023. We've got a lot of what if'ing going on right now. We really haven't crystallized final plans. And I'll just leave it at that. I hope that answer doesn't surprise you.
Arun Jayaram : No. No, I just -- you gave a lot of great detail, so I was trying to lead the witness. The -- just maybe my follow-up, we continue to be intrigued by your delineation activity in the Harkey Shale. It sounds like you got a couple of wells online and the fact that you're doing more suggests that you're liking what you see. But can you maybe put this zone in the context, Tom, what could this do for your inventory and maybe characterize what you're seeing in terms of some of the early results?
Tom Jorden: We've talked in the past when we first discussed the Harkey last quarter that we think it adds about five years of top tier to our inventory. Harkey is terrific. We're seeing outstanding results from it. It's just a very prolific member of a very prolific hydrocarbon section. As you work the Delaware Basin, it's been described to me as a very forgiving basin, but it's also just wonderful in terms of a target-rich environment. So Harkey stands shoulder to shoulder with the best of our landing zones. And we think we've got a lot to do in the upcoming years.
Operator: Your next question is from Neal Dingmann of Truist Securities.
Neal Dingmann : Tom, my first question is just wondering a little bit on a broader scale overall free cash flow strategy. I'm just wondering do you all believe that the maximum shareholder returns will remain your most prudent use of free cash flow or maybe down the line, I'm thinking more next year or so? Is there a chance you would entertain potentially more growth often like you did at Cimarex?
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll tee it up and let Scott bring it home on this. One of the things I've said is flexibility is the coin of the realm. And one of the nice things, Coterra is we have an absolutely pristine balance sheet, fantastic assets, great return on investment, and that gives us almost embarrassment of riches on options. . We also live in a very uncertain world and that flexibility is going to be really important. I can't tell you when and where, but the span of my career tells me that the best laid plans tend to not come through. I was thinking last night of Mike Tyson's famous quote that, "Everybody has a plan till you get hit in the face." And we haven't had our last hit in the face in this industry. Scott?
Scott Schroeder : Yes. Neil, I think that Tom hit it well. But the other thing I would add to what he said is, in terms of the flexibility we have, we've got to maintain that flexibility. We've got a phenomenal balance sheet. We kind of leaned in on our comments in here, the mid-single digits. So we're kind of all -- there's a little bit of a lean in towards your question already. At the same time, the other dynamic that's happening in because Tom's referenced to great rock, we are able to invest less and less money to get better outcomes than we have historically. So I think where you end up is you're going to have the ability -- unless quite honestly, if it goes to 40 and 2, that's a different dynamic. But you're going to have the ability to deliver both and continue to manage through this.
Neal Dingmann : Tom, my second question, again, is on shareholder return allocation or maybe dividend versus buybacks. So I'm just wondering, specifically, you all had mentioned or had mentioned opportunistic buybacks. And I'm just trying to get a sense of periods such as in late -- early to late June when your shares like others fell maybe around 30%, does that qualify such an opportunity?
Scott Schroeder : If you saw the cadence of the slide that we put in front of our Board of Directors, the answer to that question is yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Scialla of Stifel.
Michael Scialla: Tom, you said you were encouraged by some aspects of the Inflation Reduction Act. You also mentioned you're on target to hit methane emission goals. So if that bill becomes law, would you anticipate any impact on Coterra from the methane fee? And I guess, what can you say about the other aspects of the bill that have you encouraged?
Tom Jorden: Well, we're still studying it, Mike. And I know there's been some really good commentary. There's some good commentary this morning in the Wall Street Journal. And I'll say this, I will be surprised if a lot of its current form ultimately survives. With respect to the methane fee, there are some concerning provisions in there. It calls for as to conform to EPA requirements that aren't yet published, and it calls for us to conform in the time line that looks like it will predate the effect of new EPA regulations. So that's a bit baffling as to how we're going to comply with that. There's also a provision in there for a methane intensity to be measured by direct measurement, and we are -- we've tried every technology, and we're evaluating a lot of continuous monitoring technologies currently. We haven't found one we think is scalable to address that requirement. And so how that 1 ultimately gets implemented, we'll wait and see. We do like the provision that lets it be a corporate methane intensity as opposed to basin by basin. As far as the alternative minimum tax, there's a lot of provisions of that, that are concerning. And I know others have commented on that. And then I'll finish with the addressing of infrastructure in the bill. I think it's a credit to Senator Manchin mentioned that there's a pretty strong statement on the infrastructure. There are some confusing elements to that. And we wait to see how that bill survives final passage. So I know that's a wandering answer. We're studying it carefully. I'll say this, there's no substitute for sound energy leadership. We really need an energy policy that is coherent, focused and resolute. And I'd like to see that be a whole of government approach and not just a Senate Bill. I'd like to see a little more leadership from the rest of our government on this subject, but we'll see. The ball is still in the air on that one.
Michael Scialla : For sure. You also mentioned the market and about potential for recession. The market does seem to be baking in fairly high probability of a recession, at least the equity seem to reflect that and have kind of become disconnected from the commodity prices, and I think that's caused a lot of E&P companies to start buying back shares. I guess, as you look at the risk to the global economy, how does that affect your hedging policy going forward? And as you look at the cash balance heading into next year, does it have any impact on what do you think the appropriate cash balance is?
Scott Schroeder : Yes, Michael, this is Scott Schroeder. Again, we're continuing our hedging discussions internally. As Coterra was formed, obviously, the big dynamic was we -- and the balance sheet that we have, we don't have to lean in heavily on hedging. But we do like to have some of our cash flows covered in the event of some disconnects. And when we see opportunities, we'll take advantage of that. We've done that so far. You can see that in our 10-Q filing that will be made today, and we'll continue to address that. In the end, it's much like buying insurance. We don't have to have it, but it's prudent to add some protection to the overall profile.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate : Guys, I wonder if you could touch on the sustaining capital breakeven that you put in the deck? With the run rate capital increase and higher cash taxes, how do you expect that to evolve in 2023? 
Tom Jorden: Scott, do you want to take that one?
Scott Schroeder : Doug, I don't if you have the page number on here, but it's Page 7 in the deck, free cash flow breakeven is still at $40 and $2.25. So I don't -- again, stress testing it down to that level. We're very confident that we have a sustainable program without having to really jeopardize what we want to accomplish.
Douglas Leggate : I guess, I'll take it offline with Dan and see if we can get a number, but I'm guessing it's risked higher at this point with full cash tax. And maybe the way to ask it, Scott, is what are you assuming for cash taxes in that $40, $2.25?
Scott Schroeder : It could be 15% to 25% deferred taxes, so you're a cash taxpayer between 75% and 85%. But to your question there, it is going to trend higher.
Douglas Leggate : Not just for you I might add, but for the whole sector, but thanks, Scott. I guess my second question, Tom, is on relative capital allocation. And I guess you've talked often about Marcellus inventory depth. But gas where it is today, how do you think about where you put capital? Because you've got a lot of gas-weighted options in your portfolio. How does that play into your thinking for over the next maybe six to 12 months or even longer?
Tom Jorden: Well, your observation is quite spot on, Doug. We do have a lot of gas in our portfolio generally. As you know, the Delaware Basin is very prolific from a gas standpoint. I really -- as I've said over and over, really look at capital allocation in terms of return on invested capital. And the Marcellus is absolutely second to none. I mean it's really an outstanding economic fairway. We do have the opportunity to grow a little bit in the Marcellus. I said in my opening remarks, we do need some additional pipelines. But from a capital allocation standpoint, based on returns on the Marcellus and the Permian are neck and neck. We've done some interesting analysis on how that changes with different oil and gas price swings. And at current multiple of gas to oil, you could -- with a blindfold on, you could really pick out the basin and really find very comparable returns. So we like the revenue balance. We like the geographical balance and we like our capital allocation as it currently stands.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Cheng of Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng : Tom, can we talk about Anadarko? And what's that assets in the long term the road to your portfolio? You are not doing much over there. So what exactly is the game plan? That's the first question.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Well, we've talked at length about the Anadarko and the fact that it's kind of in a rebuilding phase. We've got a couple of projects coming online this year, one of which is flowing back now. We're too early in that to really be definitive. But I will tell you that we're very encouraged. The Anadarko has an excellent inventory. And quite frankly, we've been in the Anadarko a long time, and we're pretty good at it. So I'm very pleased with what we see. And I think over time, owner of Coterra is going to benefit quite nicely for having that asset in our portfolio.
Paul Cheng : Right. The second one, hopefully, is pretty short. Looking at your production guidance for natural gas in the third quarter, you're actually sequentially down, but you're going to have more wells online than the second quarter, I assume. So is there anything that is driven for the lower sequential production? Is it the timing of the well coming on chain or other reasons that we should be aware?
Tom Jorden: No. It's all a timing issue. When you bring a well on the second half of the year, you're typically in a area, depending on timing, where you have little impact on that calendar year, and it's just purely a timing issue. The one thing we talked in the past is because we starve the Marcellus a little bit for activity, we're doing a little catch-up in the Marcellus. So we look forward to seeing some growth out of the Marcellus, and that will be reflected primarily in '23 and even '24 as we currently model it, but it's all timing.
Operator: Your next question is from Leo Mariani of MKM Partners. 
Leo Mariani : I wanted to just follow up on a few of the prepared comments here. So you just talked about growing the Marcellus maybe a little bit here in '23, in '24. You're kind of citing timing, but I'm assuming that there may be some macro factors in play as well. Obviously, you guys let the Marcellus production decline for the better part of the last handful of quarters. Is there just some thinking that this gas macro over the next couple of years looks a lot better? I know there was an original goal to get a more balanced mix, but maybe just any comments around gas macro and some of that kind of presumably modest production growth you're expecting?
Tom Jorden: Well, our -- we're very constructive on gas. I think most watchers are. With growing LNG exports, storage where it is, increased power demand, gas, and I think also a reawakened conversation around the critical role gas has to play in addressing the climate, particularly when it comes to power generation. I think we're quite bullish on natural gas. Marcellus is a great asset. It's in a great part of the world. And to answer your question is as we look ahead to the next couple of years, I would say we are more constructive on gas than we've probably been in a long, long time.
Leo Mariani: Okay. And I guess just a follow-up on that. Are there any concerns on takeaway over the next couple of years? I think there's a handful of producers that have talked about maybe trying to do a little bit more up in Appalachia. Just wondering if you could think at some point, there's a pitch point there with some water dips in '22 or '24?
Tom Jorden: Well, yes. I mean there's always concerns about takeaway. We certainly couldn't support unbridled growth out of the industry. The region has a greater potential to deliver gas than the market currently has the capacity to take away, which is why we say we need some new pipelines. Now as we look at it currently, we could grow a little depending on what our peers do. Production in the six-county area that's near our Susquehanna County, it's kind of a subregion of the Marcellus, is down a fair amount. And so we do have some capacity to grow. But we want to be very mindful of that. We don't want to cause activity that would lead to basis blowout. But we're not currently high bound, but I would say over the long term, your question is well taken. We need some additional takeaway capacity out of the basin to deliver what -- where our industry has capacity to.
Leo Mariani : Okay. That's helpful. And just any comments on the integration of Cimarex and Cabot in terms of where you stand in that process and maybe what we can expect going forward?
Tom Jorden: Well, I think it's going very well. I'll let Scott comment on that also. Probably the laggard is integration of financial accounting systems, which is the right order to do things because of the critical nature of that and the concerns over not dropping the ball on anything as we integrate our financials. But I would say, organizationally, integration is going extremely well. And I'm having a lot of fun. But Scott, do you want to comment on that?
Scott Schroeder : Sure. Yes, the one thing I'd add, Leo, is, again, we're still on track to try to get all the integration done and the new people hire, the old people out by the end of the year. So that '23 is truly a clean bill of health for the Coterra Energy going forward. That would be the only thing I would add.
Operator: Your next question is from Noel Parks of Tuohy Brothers.
Noel Parks: I just had a couple of questions. I wanted to ask, we've heard a couple of other Appalachian producers expressed a bit of cautious optimism about additional LNG export capacity on the East Coast. And just wondered if you have any thoughts on that? And if so, maybe what were the underpinnings of that?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Noel, this is Blake. I'll take that one. I mean, as you can imagine, we're talking to everybody and anybody who's involved in that space. And there is some interesting projects out there and they just make a lot of sense. I mean you got the premier gas basin in North America on the East Coast with a straight shot to Europe. We have an existing LNG deal with Cove Point that we safely moved 350 million a day through every day, and we need more of that. So we're talking to all those parties. We're trying to help find a way to advance the ball on that and get some more deals like that done.
Noel Parks: Is there any particular part of the ecosystem, whether it's public opinion or financing, lending environment that you think might budge first to sort of help make that a reality?
Blake Sirgo: Well, I'll just echo what Tom said, it's about pipelines and infrastructure. The industry needs certainty that those things can get built so that the investments can be made. And there's a long list of blood that has not happened. So that's very front and center in everyone's mind. So I think some help there would really go a long ways towards making those projects happen. 
Noel Parks: Got it. And then just my second one. Just curious as given the cost environment and as the year moves along, you start thinking about 2023, I'm just curious what components you think maybe you have better visibility into where they might be headed and which ones maybe it's more challenging, I'm thinking about materials versus services versus labor? Just where do you think there's better clarity on what's going to be sort of harder to pin down until the last minute?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. No, this is Blake. I'll take that one, too. Really, when we look at our service costs right now, the thing first and foremost that we focus on is execution. It's paramount that we have premium rigs and crews in order to safely execute our capital program. And if that requires longer-term contracts, then that's what we'll do. So -- but it's not lost on us that each new contract we sign is at an all-time high when we look at our historical costs. And so that -- that just leads us to take a measured approach, and we've taken a bite of '23. We've extended some contracts into '23. But most of it, we have not, and we'll just be watching it close and discussing it more as we go through the year.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Tom Jorden for closing remarks.
Tom Jorden : Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We are pleased to have discussed our quarter. It was a great quarter. Hopefully, we've been able to reaffirm our commitment to our capital discipline, return of cash to our owners and outstanding assets. So we really do look forward to continuing to perform and updating you as quarters go on. But as I'll finish where I started, Coterra has hit its stride. So thanks, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Cheryl, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Coterra Energy's First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Caterina Papadimitropoulos, Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Caterina Papadimitropoulos: Thank you, Cheryl. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Coterra Energy's first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. During today's call, we may reference a updated investor presentation, which can be found on the company's website. Today's prepared remarks will include business overview from Tom Jorden, CEO and President; and Scott Schroeder, Executive Vice President and CFO. Also in the room, we have Steve Lindeman, Blake Sirgo, Todd Roemer and Daniel Guffey. As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconcile to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in yesterday afternoon's earnings release, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Caterina, and thank you to all for joining us this morning. By all measures, Coterra had an outstanding quarter. First quarter results were driven by a nice production beat and strong commodity prices. Our assets performed well as evidenced by our production coming at the high end of our guidance. We generated $961 million of free cash flow during the quarter and prosecuted our capital program with less than 30% of our cash flow from operations. For the full year 2022, we currently project discretionary cash flow of $5.9 billion with our total 2022 capital program coming in at less than 30% of cash flow, leaving almost $4.5 billion in free cash flow. We were pleased to declare an ordinary dividend of $0.15 per share and a variable dividend of $0.45 per share for a total cash dividend of $0.60 per share. Furthermore, we launched our share buyback program in the first quarter, buying in 7.6 million shares totaling $184. Taking together this resulted in a return of 69% of our free cash flow to our shareholders. My remarks will cover a few high-level areas of interest. The outlook for inflation, the outlook for commodity prices and the role of the E&P sector in responding to the growing demand for oil and natural gas. First, a few thoughts on inflation. As with all of our peers, we are seeing significant inflation in the oil field. Pricing for drilling rigs, completion crews, fuel, sand, labor, oilfield services and trucking are all moving upward. Lead times for ordering tubulars, compressors, electrical equipment, production equipment and line pipe are in many instances, 12 to 14 months from order to delivery. Premier drilling rigs and premier completion crews are in short supply. Overall, we are seeing inflation moving towards 15% to 20% when comparing fiscal year 2022 to 2021. Although, we are pushing back with operational efficiencies, inflation is putting pressure on our capital guidance range.  For now, we are holding our capital guidance at the previously announced $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion range for the full year. There are, however, some bright lights. Wherever we can, we're powering our Permian drilling rigs with grid electrical power. All six of our Permian rigs are capable of running from grid power. 75% of our 2022 Permian drilling locations will be powered off the grid, which saves an estimated $50,000 per well or $4.3 million gross. We will also see significant savings from our first grid-powered frac crew, which arises late Q2. Now a few words on commodity prices. For the first time in a decade, we are seeing support for oil and natural gas prices that is driven by long-term fundamental supply and demand outlook. For many years, any conversations on global oil supply ultimately pivoted to a conversation of what OPEC+ would do. Suddenly, the conversation is about the consequences of long-term underinvestment in replacing oil reserves and production. This has led to constructive thinking on long-term oil pricing by thoughtful, informed analysts and investors. Natural gas and its vital role in world power generation has returned as a welcome hot topic. The world is ill prepared to meet ambitious climate goals and natural gas is a necessary part of the solution. That coupled with affordability and accessibility make natural gas and US LNG exports, a vital component to world energy supply. Energy security has returned as a top concern and US natural gas has a leading role to play in global energy security and US geopolitical influence.  We have seen solid support in natural gas prices, natural gas optimism and a serious discussion on the long-term role of US natural gas in the world arena. Coterra is well positioned to contribute to this critical need for US natural gas and US LNG exports. Finally, a few words on the E&P sector's ability and willingness to respond to increasing demand. The US E&P operator has proven to be remarkably resilient through times of crisis. It is through times of plenty that we have stumbled through lack of discipline and over investment.  As a consequence, our sector has created an environment of boom-and-bust cycles, each peak and trough setting the stage for the next cyclic response. Shale 3.0 and the investor standing around it has been a sea change in our business. Our investors have been clear. They want us to be disciplined in both high and low commodity price environments and be proactive in returning cash to our shareholders.  In a clear and unequivocal way, our shareholders have telegraphed that they want a changed behavior out of us. We have listened and have responded with conviction around the advised approach to disciplined investing. Now we find ourselves in a global energy crisis. Starting last summer, natural gas prices and much of the world spiked owing to demand that was brought on by underperformance of renewables and restricted supply into Europe. Now the terrible tragedy in Ukraine and the loss of Russian oil and gas supplies have led to an energy crisis, unlike anything the world has seen in almost 50 years. In order for the US E&P sector to respond with increased US supply, we need well-thought-out regulation and policies that encourage responsible resource development and infrastructure build-out. We need pipelines, which will take new legislation and cooperation from all stakeholders, including federal and state legislature and regulators, as well as the American public. Also, we need our investors to respond and encourage responsible growth. Lastly, we need the American public to realize that we, as employees of US E&P companies are Americans first, and we will do everything we can to meet our patriotic duty. Cooperation between all parties, including the E&P industry is essential for global energy security and the long-term health of our industry. Coterra stands ready to engage in these tough challenges. We have the assets, the organization, the talent and the wherewithal to do what we do best, solve difficult problems. And we will do that in partnership and conversation with our owners. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott Schroeder, our Chief Financial Officer.
Scott Schroeder: Thanks, Tom. Today I will briefly touch on first quarter results, shareholder returns and then finish with a discussion on guidance. During the first quarter, Coterra generated discretionary cash flow of $1.23 billion, the largest quarterly cash flow generated in the combined company's history. The figure was largely driven by an 8% increase in realized Boe commodity price quarter-over-quarter and solid operational results. Accrued first quarter capital expenditures totaled $326 million, with D&C making up 96% of the total, while cash capital expenditures totaled $271 million. Coterra's free cash flow totaled $961 million for the quarter, which included severance and merger-related costs of $31 million. Additionally, the free cash flow figure included cash hedge losses totaling $171 million. First quarter total production volumes averaged 630 Mboe per day, with natural gas volumes averaging 2.85 Bcf per day, both at the high end of guidance. The company's oil production averaged 83.1 Mbo per day, 1.3% above the high end of guidance. The first quarter performance was driven by a combination of non-operated production volume gains, positive well productivity and to a lesser extent, accelerated timing. The company exited the quarter with approximately $1.5 billion of cash, up from the $1 billion level at year-end 2021. The company's combined net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDAX leverage ratio stands at 0.41 times at the end of the quarter. Liquidity stood at just under $3 billion when combining our cash position with our undrawn $1.5 billion revolver. Turning to return of capital. We announced shareholder returns totaling 69% of the first quarter free cash flow, or 50% of cash flow from operations. The return was driven by three methods. As Tom already indicated, we maintained our base $0.15 per share quarterly dividend, which provides one of the largest common dividend yields in the industry; second, we announced a variable dividend of $0.45 per share. Combined, our base plus variable dividend totaled $0.60 per share, up from our $0.56 per share dividend paid last quarter. Our total cash dividend is equal to 50% of free cash flow and 36% of cash flow from operations. Third, after announcing a buyback authorization of $1.25 billion in February, we repurchased $184 million of shares during the quarter. We repurchased 7.6 million shares at an average price of $24.16 per share. The buyback amounted to 23% -- excuse me, $0.23 per share or 19% of free cash flow. Entering the second quarter, the company had a 10b5-1 plan in place, and we will provide details of its second quarter share repurchase activity with our second quarter results in July. We remain committed to returning 50-plus percent of free cash flow via the base plus common dividend and supplemental returns will come in the form of enhanced variable dividends, share buybacks or even debt reduction. Lastly, I will discuss our guidance. In the release last night, we reiterated our full year 2022 production capital and unit cost guidance. Our second quarter total production guidance is equal to 605 to 625 MBoe per day with natural gas and oil volume guidance set at 2.725 to 2775 Bcf per day and 82 to 84 Mboe -- excuse me, MBO per day, respectively. As previously communicated, our expectation is to generate second half volume growth. We are maintaining our full year 2022 capital investment guidance. However, we continue to see inflation headwinds, which could move us above the midpoint of our range. We intend to remain disciplined and have not added activity for this year. While we are also seeing inflationary pressure relating to operating costs, especially in GPT and LOE, we expect to remain within our original unit cost guidance. G&A expense for the quarter was $1.48 per BOE, which included $0.54 per BOE or the $31 million previously mentioned related to severance and merger-related costs. Excluding these charges, G&A would have been below $1 per BOE and below the low end of guidance. In summary, we remain committed to capital discipline and shareholder returns while focused on execution, maximizing return on capital and maintaining one of the best balance sheets in the industry. With that, I will turn it back to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Yes, thanks. Congrats on the continued capital return. Tom, I want you to keep on weighing in on your view of the gas macro here. Obviously, the front month is close to $8, but the curve has strengthened quite a bit as well. Can you talk about -- do you see the fundamentals supporting the price that we see right now? And then tie it into your views on Waha as well, do you think -- do you worry about a disconnect there? And how are you positioning your business to mitigate this risk?
Tom Jorden: Well, Neil, I appreciate the question. I'll tee it up and then turn it over to Blake to comment on Waha. We are -- as you -- I hope are not surprised, we're very constructive on natural gas. Now of course, both commodities are backward-dated if you look at the strip, but we've seen support for natural gas well above what we've seen in recent years. And we see that as a response to fundamentals. As I said in my opening remarks, I think there is a growing awareness of the critical need for natural gas and the market is responding accordingly. So we are very constructive on natural gas and really pleased to see the support it's achieved. Now, you asked me, if I worry about Waha. Neil, I worry about everything. It's what I do. But we're not panicked. We think that the market will adjust and that a lot of the fears that are currently in the air are going to prove to be overblown. But, to that, I'm going to let Blake comment on Waha.
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Tom. Neil, when we look at our Permian gas, we already have about 45% on firm transport to the coast. The remainder is priced at Waha, but it's covered under firm sales agreements with our processors, that give us flow assurance well into 2024. But really, when you look at Coterra, that Waha priced gas only makes up about 5% to 10% of our total Coterra gas portfolio. So we're evaluating all those new projects coming out of the basin, including those three that have already been announced that in aggregate, will add 1.8 Bcf a day of takeaway to the basin by Q4 2023. So we're not against adding more FT if it makes sense, but we're going to view it through a really long-term lens. And we'll be hesitant to take on long-term commitments that could potentially destroy a lot of value for something we see as a short-term impact, but stay tuned.
Neil Mehta: All right. And thank you for that color. The follow-up is just around CapEx. It sounds like you guys are tracking towards the top end of that $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion, but still within the bracketed range. Is that a fair characterization of those comments? Again, reinvestment rate is very low, but just trying to make sure that you're not flowing off the top end. Thank you.
Tom Jorden: No. Yes, that was clear, I hope, on what we said, yes.
Neil Mehta: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Your next question is from Nitin Kumar of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nitin Kumar: Hi. Good morning, Tom and team. Thanks for taking my questions. I want to start with the gas side. You talked a little bit about Waha, but we heard from a lot of your peers about the LNG opportunity in the long-term, ways to participate in international pricing. Could you talk about what you are seeing out there? You have access to multiple markets. Are there any risks that you are seeing on the LNG market?
Tom Jorden: Again, Nitin, I'm going to turn this over to Blake, but we have studied the LNG markets hard. And one thing that I will say at Coterra is I'm very proud of our marketing group. They've been creative. They've been adaptive and they've been pretty nimble. And they've done a deep dive for us, and I'll let Blake summarize the marketplace as we see it.
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Tom. Nitin, first, I'll say, Coterra moves 350 million cubic feet a day, every day through Cove Point on a long-term LNG deal. So we absolutely have the wherewithal to do these long-term commitment and experience with LNG. When we look at our assets, we've got three basins with multiple decades of high-quality inventory. So supply is not an issue for us. The challenge is, just economics. It's expensive to get to the coast. There's limited pipes to get there. So you pay a pretty good fee just to get there. And once you get there, we're entering a really crowded LNG market. And that's really shown through in the deals that are being offered to the producers. So we're wrangling all that right now, trying to understand it, but we've got to find a long-term deal that works for our shareholders and creates value, but also works for the buyer. And we haven't found one yet, but we're going to keep hammering away at it.
Nitin Kumar: Great. I appreciate the color, guys. And then, Tom, congrats on the fourth successful quarter of the buyback, you entered the second quarter with a 10b-5. It sounds like you are still leaning into that buyback program. So if I could, how do you see the buyback program evolving? You've talked in the past about mid-cycle pricing? Are you seeing a change in the mid-cycle price? Is that why you're still buying back more shares? Just want to understand how this evolves from here.
Tom Jorden: Well, of course, Nitin, we filed that 10b-5 before we went into a quiet period. And we'll talk -- as Scott has said, at our next quarter release on what action it spurred, but we're -- I'll say this, Nitin, we are constantly having to rethink mid-cycle pricing. Classically, we entered the year with 55 and 275 being our definition of mid-cycle pricing, and for a certain period of last fall, that sounded fairly aggressive to us. And now when you look at that today, you would say, boy, that's a pretty conservative view of mid-cycle pricing. We don't like to get in the business of publicly speculating on the value of a Coterra share. And with that, Scott, why don't you comment on this?
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Sure, Tom. I think, as we said when we laid it out in just over history of legacy companies, it's just simply another arrow in the quiver to return capital to shareholders. And we will continue. We're not going to be granular and kind of explain where we put the price points in the 10b-5 plan. We were effective and we did execute on some of that, but we saw the -- what weve seen in the prices run up. The outcome of the first quarter highlights exactly where we want to be, and that is, when -- the average of what we bought in that we've announced is $24.16. We got price with pushing $29, pushing $30 this morning on the announcement. Again, we're not going to chase the thing up, but when we find opportunities and look at the relative valuation and intrinsic valuations, it will continue to be part of the return strategy, in certain periods in the cycles well lean on it more heavily and in others we won't. But I agree with, Toms point whole heartedly. We got to, kind of, reassess what that mid-cycle price is right now.
Tom Jorden: And then -- and I'll just wrap that. We are extremely constructive on Coterra as you can -- I hope, will not surprise you. We're extremely constructive on our asset performance. We're constructive on our inventory, and we're really constructive on our positioning in the cyclic market in oil and natural gas. I mean, it's all where we want to be. That said, when we launched the buyback, we want to pursue it aggressively, but we just feel like it ought to be tempered at some mid-cycle pricing. So the answer to your question is more about what do we think mid-cycle ought to be, rather than are we bullish on Coterra at our current share price. I think with my opening remarks on the constructiveness on commodities and they're underpinned by supply-demand fundamentals, it's been a long time since I've been able to say that. And so, this mid-cycle pricing in the last couple of years has been a best guess of what the median is in a huge oscillating commodity market. And now suddenly, it looks like we have some ground support. And so, I think we're all watching and rethinking how we ought to view what mid-cycle means. And that's kind of where we are. But we are extremely bullish on Coterra.
Nitin Kumar: Great. Thanks. I feel good to be bullish and good luck for our execution.
Operator: Your next question is from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan Chase. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning, Tom and team. I wanted to see if you could maybe give us an update, Tom, on just the broader supply chain. We are hearing about some challenges on the frac sand side in the Permian. But just wondering if you could maybe run through your management of the supply chain and what gives you confidence on being to execute in this kind of environment?
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll tee it up, and then I'm going to let Blake comment. We always have built relationships, Arun. I think you know that. We've had many times when relationships cost us a little and many times when they benefit. And we are long-term planners. We're long-term thinkers. And we like to have relationships through thick and thin. And so we don't wake up every morning in panic. We've got some really good partners out there in the oil service space. Blake, why don't you comment on supply chain?
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. Arun, specifically, starting with sand, we saw early in the year, things, especially in the Permian, we're getting pretty hectic out there in the sand market. And so we actually went out and purchased all our sand for the whole Permian program for the year. And then the Marcellus, we're under contract for SAM for the year. So we took that one off the table. We've covered the majority of our big cost drivers, frac spreads, rigs, tubulars with contracts that get us through the end of the year. But we still have exposure in items like diesel, labor, trucking, we're subject to all those, and we watch them really closely. We've built in all the inflation we've experienced today in our projections, and that's what's reflected. But ultimately, we can't control the market or inflation. We can control our efficiencies and our execution, and that's where we're always laser focused. Some of that you can see our average lateral length in the Permian is up 12% year-over-year. Our average development size is up 51% in year-over-year in number of wells. And as Tom mentioned in his opening remarks, we're really starting to bear the fruit of our electrification projects, and those are real savings, and we expect to extend those with our grid-powered frac fleet coming on this summer. So supply chain is a challenge, inflation is a challenge, but our op teams are up to it, and they're finding new ways to fight against it every day.
Tom Jorden: Arun, if I could just follow on with that. Blake mentioned two elements. One is cost inflation, but the other is just supply chain bottlenecks. And cost inflation, that's just out there and hard to fully predict. But we can do something about supply chain bottlenecks by careful planning, by ordering ahead, by making sure that we have conversations with our partners and let them plan, as Blake said, we did pre-buy our sand, and we are preordering a lot of stuff for 2023. We're -- it's just remarkable the extension in lead time between order and delivery. So we're on top of it as we look into 2023 and beyond. And we're doing multiyear planning, and we got a good head start on this.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just my follow-up, Tom, you guys have always had a very dynamic kind of capital allocation program. And I was wondering, a lot of the program as we think about today, was based on a much different pricing environment. I think today, you're spending just under 50% of your CapEx in the Permian, 45% or so in the Marcellus and, call it, mid-single digits or in the upper single digits or so in the Anadarko Basin. But I was wondering how you think about adjusting the development plan in a much higher price environment where there may be some inventory that in a, call it, a $3 case at and get to, but maybe in the $5 that may make sense to take advantage of. So I was wondering if you could give us your philosophical thoughts on that question.
Tom Jorden: Well, in some sense, I'm going to answer it describing it barriers for the riches. One of the great things about having a deep inventory is we really can make decisions around capital returns and not worry about any our issues. So we do rank our inventory  and we're certainly going to fund from the best returns down. So a lot of that lower inventory stuff is still going to be lower in the ranking. But Marcellus, they are all competing for those top slots. And we are going to be aggressive in just waking up every day and putting capital where it needs to flow. And that's something on, you've heard from us for a long, long time.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot, Tom.
Operator: Your next question is from Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions.
Tom Jorden: Good morning, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning. Our first question is just on the 2022 plan. Sorry to get a little bit in the detail here. But I think the expectation with that 22% would be back half weighted in both the Permian and the Marcellus and when we're looking at the 2Q guide, it implies flat sequential oil production at the midpoint, it's also flat versus the midpoint of the full year guide. So just wondering if you could talk about maybe any updated thoughts on how you're viewing oil during the second half of the year. And then on the gas side, maybe it's a little more straightforward because Q2 is down a little bit, but maybe any commentary on the gas side as well.
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll tee it up and then invite maybe Scott will want to comment. But we do see second quarter flattish and then we'll have a little bit of growth into Q3 and Q4. There is a little dip in the year, but that's just around project timing. It's around pad size. There's nothing organically problematic to it. As we get into longer laterals and larger pads, this is just nature of the beast. Scott?
Scott Schroeder: Yes, sure. And what I would add is exactly what Tom said. It's just the timing, it's the cadence. We had some positives coming out of the first quarter that gave us more comfort in terms of guiding more of a flatter trajectory in the second quarter. But the plan, as I said in my remarks is still dominated. It's back-half weighted as it was. On the gas side, particularly on the Marcellus business unit, when you look at the cadence because again, very few rigs running, very few completion crews running. So it's just -- it's a lumpy profile. We will only have 35% of the footage turned in line by the end of the second quarter, which will again solidify that second half ramp that we are planning for. So no big changes, a little bit of positive that I alluded to in my remarks that gave us more comfort with the second quarter, and we'll watch the dynamic continue to play out.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you. And then maybe just circling back on cash returns. Can you just maybe talk about how you set the 50% free cash flow payout level for the base plus the variable versus it was 60% last quarter. And is it really more about the absolute return rather than the percentage every quarter? Thank you.
Tom Jorden: Well, it's -- I wish I could tell you we had some formula or machine learning algorithm to do this, but we -- it's a judgment call. And this quarter, we were pleased to have a combined ordinary and variable dividend and exceeded what we paid last quarter, but we also took into consideration the progress we've made in our buyback and the progress that we hope to make on our buyback. So, we did want to keep a little dry powder in terms of cash. But, Jeanine, it's a judgment call. and there's no absolute right answer. Scott, do you have any wisdom I missed there?
Scott Schroeder: No, I think you covered it perfectly, Tom. The key thing was versus the first quarter when we didn't have the buyback authorization, that's why we leaned harder on the variable, having another -- again, not to overuse the analogy, arrow in the quiver, that played into the discussion. And that's why we landed it at 50% this time because, as Tom also indicated, we exceeded what we did last time at the 50% level.
Jeanine Wai: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Holly Stewart of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Holly Stewart: Good morning. Gentlemen. Tom, maybe just appreciate the comments on the global energy crisis. I know you've spent some time in Washington as well as with other folks just pushing the global gas agenda. What can you tell us about your conversations? And maybe how do you see these global policies playing out?
Tom Jorden: Well, we've had very constructive conversations and thank you for that question, in Washington. But also, we were recently on roadshow and engaged with a lot of our owners, and those were really good conversations. And I will say that I hope you glean from my remarks that it's not just one string you control here. Look, I think the solutions here are self-evident and I think everybody knows it. I just don't think we have the collective will to execute it. We need infrastructure. We need support broadly from our regulators, from our investors. We're not going to stray from our investors here. I absolutely going to stay close to our owners on this topic. We need support out of the American public, and we need the will to solve this problem. The American producers ready to do our part. And I'll just say again, it is not a complex problem. That is perhaps the most discouraging part of this whole situation. We have the resources, US onshore and offshore to return to global dominance in terms of energy leader. We're seeding geopolitical influence in ways that are unnecessary and we need leadership. But we also need people to just come together and solve the problem, and we're ready to do our part. And I think our owners are too. We're say, we're not going to stray from our owners. We're going to certainly be in constant communication with our owners. But we're not talking about returning to the -- I think irresponsible capital days of work, and a lot has changed in our business. One is a lot of our projects pay out in a very short amount of time. So we're not talking about years to pay out. We're talking about months on some of these projects. And so that's going to change your thinking on risk of capital allocation. But we just need some very thoughtful people helping solve this problem. But thank you for that question, Holly.
Holly Stewart: Yeah. Now those are some good points. Scott, maybe asking you one that hasn't been asked yet. There is an eight handle on gas this morning. So there looks to be, kind of, minimal updates on the hedging front here, and we're hearing, obviously, a lot on inflationary pressures. So I guess my question would be, can this price be ignored on the natural gas side for hedges?
Scott Schroeder: Hi. The simple answer is no, it cannot be ignored. And we will continue, as we have in the past, we have a hedge committee. We were active again recently even in this week, and we will continue to lean in and monitor the market.
Holly Stewart: Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Tom Jorden: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Scialla of Stifel. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Michael Scialla: Yeah, hi. Good morning, everyone. On slide 11, you mentioned a new shale in the Permian. Just wanted to see if you could give any more color on that? Anything you could say about the two wells you've completed, what the returns look like and the potential inventory there?
Tom Jorden: Yeah. Mike, I'll handle that one. This really isn't a new shale in the basin. It's one that a number of other operators are drilling. It's in the Bone Spring section. And historically, we've drilled second Bone Spring -- excuse me, Third Bone Spring sand and Second Bone Spring sand, and it's a shale that lies in that Bone Spring section. It is a shale. It's a sand up in New Mexico, and then it goes into a shale in Reeves, Loving County. We at Coterra, at legacy Cimarex, we drilled our first test in it in late 2019, brought it online in December of that year and had a very, very nice result. So we've tested in a number of places and have had outstanding success. We really brought -- or bringing a nice project on now that is four wells per section. We see this landing zone as probably four to six wells per section, and it adds significantly to our top-tier inventory, somewhere, I think adding five years of top-tier inventory would not be a stretch, just this landing zone loan. It's not -- it grades in quality, but it's really good. Second tier is really good here. So we've been excited about it for a while. It's the first time we publicly discussed it, but we have results to talk about. And we're really looking forward to just adding this in our toolkit for generating and developing great return on capital.
Michael Scialla: Well, thanks for that. That sounds encouraging. Wanted to ask you on your -- you've pushed the number of wells per pad in the Permian to more than eight in the last few years from -- I think you were just a little over three back in 2018 to help improve the efficiencies. With that increase typically comes longer lag times between capital investment and cash flow. I want to see how you're viewing that trade-off in this inflationary environment. And do you think you're near the limits, I guess, is what I'm really getting at in terms of the number of wells per pad, or are you comfortable pushing that number higher?
Tom Jorden: I am very comfortable with pushing that number higher. Now yes, how I view it, Mike. And I'm going to be clear with you as you always expect to be. I view it completely through a lens of what's the best business decision. And I know from time to time that it's very difficult for the external world to understand lumpiness in production and the production cadence, that's not just smooth and consistently up to the right. And I wish that were the way the world works, but it's not the way the world works. These larger pads really make sense from a capital efficiency standpoint, from a land disturbance standpoint, from a return on capital standpoint but also from an emission standpoint. By centralizing our facilities, we have the opportunity to reduce our number of emitters, centralize them and really deliver the cleanest barrel in the world. And so I think about it in terms of what's the best business decision and going to a larger number of wells per pad can be the best business decision. I mean it's not always the best business decision because it also extends your lead time from first spud to first production. But we -- the only answer to your question is, how do I think about it? It's the absolute best business decision. And I always take the approach that we're going to make good business decisions. And I'd rather explain a good business decision then react to a market that doesn't understand and so make a poor one. So that's the way we think about it.
Michael Scialla: Appreciate it, Tom. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Matt Portillo of TPH. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matt Portillo: Good morning, all. Thanks for the question.
Tom Jorden: Hi, Matt.
Matt Portillo: ust one quick one from me. Tom, I know the team is always evolving its thoughts on completion design and spacing design across all three areas of operation. I was curious, as you've gotten a little more time to look at the Marcellus, how you're thinking about the completion and spacing design and when we might start to see some well results that would potentially change your views on the capital efficiency for that asset moving forward?
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll tee it up, and I'm going to turn it over to Blake. I am just so pleased with the technical integration that's going on at Coterra. In fact, there's a team in Pittsburgh today that's reviewing a lot of the machine learning that we've pioneered. Machine learning has become a really important part of our completion design and that's something I really look forward to discussing in greater detail in future years. But there's just such a great spirit of technical curiosity that's shared between our Anadarko, our Permian and our Marcellus business unit. And from that collaboration, everybody gets better. But Blake, why don't you just comment on that?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Just to echo Tom, you take the Permian, the Anadarko and the Marcellus and they all have their very unique challenges. And so they all have very unique solution sets that never get presented outside of that basin unless you have these teams that are cross-pollinating across them. And so that's bringing some really interesting discussions, some really interesting solutions that we would never see just looking over the lease line. Really, as far as completions and well spacing, we challenge that every day. There's lots of work going on in the Marcellus right now to run new models and look at things in a new way. And vice-versely, the Marcellus team is challenging the Permian team and the Anadarko team. So it'll be exciting to see where it goes.
Matt Portillo: And one quick follow-up on the financial side, maybe a question for Scott. Looking at the cash balance you guys have today, in excess of kind of the maturities you have through 2024, staring down kind of something north of probably $4.5 billion of free cash flow in 2022, given the recent strip move. Just curious, I guess, as we kind of factor in the variable plus common dividend and look at the buyback, it looks like you still probably have another $1 billion or so of free cash flow to distribute. Just wanted to see how we should be thinking about that return mechanism, as we step through the rest of this year, given the upside to your free cash flow profile?
Scott Schroeder: Yes, Matt, I think you're looking at -- I mean, if you go back to my prepared remarks, we got the base, we got the variable. We've got buybacks and I appreciate the fact that you did bring up debt. Is there a wedge of that, that goes to debt repayment? We have the maturities in 2024, $1.3 billion. Again, we're not leaning in hard on that, but that's all going to be part of the equation internal and in the boardroom as to what we do. Obviously, the Fed is going to meet tomorrow, and we'll see what interest rates do in response to that. But at the same time, what is that refinancing risk that's out there 24 months from now. Again, we've got an eye on that right now, while we're seeing this excess free cash flow, and everything is in play. But keep in mind, we remain committed to at least 50% of that $4.5 billion coming back to shareholders, if that number stays and is solidified throughout the course of the year. Obviously, commodity prices would change. But as Tom in his remarks said, we're seeing kind of a shift here in terms of the system is set up for very positive prices for an extended period of time.
Matt Portillo: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Please, go ahead. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Tom, thanks for getting me on this morning.
Tom Jorden: Hi, Doug
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the opportunity. I guess, my first question, I want to go back to the question about capital allocation and just understand if the change that appears to be emerging in long-term natural gas. And we're all aware of the short-term LNG constraints in the Gulf Coast. But let's assume that we're resetting the long-term natural gas, does Coterra reconsider capital allocation back to the legacy Cabot portfolio in lieu of the Delaware? How do you think about what the opportunities that might reset for you within the portfolio?
Tom Jorden: Yes, Doug, we're looking at that now. We're getting a head start on 2023. But, yes, I would not be surprised to see us pivot capital into the Marcellus. It's a remarkable asset with remarkable returns. And as I said earlier, it's kind of an embarrassment of riches. We've got so many great choices and I challenge our organization to make our job difficult on capital allocation. And, boy, they're taking me for my word on that, we've got some really good options.
Doug Leggate: I guess, I hope Dan doesn't take this as a second question. It's kind of an add-on to the relative economics. But has that decision been augmented by the NOL situation as it relates to deferring cash taxes in the Marcellus. I'm just curious if that's part of the narrative.
Scott Schroeder: Doug, this is Scott. No, that's not part of the narrative. Again, as Tom has alluded to many times, we're going to make the best business decision. And as we have alluded to, we got an abundance of riches in terms of our portfolio. We have the ability to lean in, depending on how we see that macro environment continue to evolve. But taxes, while part of the discussion aren't the driving factor.
Doug Leggate: Okay. My --
Tom Jorden: Doug, you giving me way too much credit for financial engineering that were capital allocation.
Doug Leggate: There's a big NOL that is getting monetized now. So, we like that. So, fellas, I apologize, I have to touch on the buyback because, obviously, it's a new tool in your portfolio. But I want to frame it like this, Tom, because -- and I mean this with a great respect to what you've put together here. You designed the combined company as a low data company. And it has, as a consequence, materially underperformed your E&P peers through the commodity recovery since the deal closed. In fact, I was looking at it this morning, your share price is almost exactly in line with ExxonMobil, believe it or not, over the last year or two. So, my question is, when you think about this higher commodity environment, and the relative underperformance versus your peer group, how does that change or shift your view of what the buyback can do to help close the gap versus the variable distribution, excuse me, which is obviously somewhat transitory?
Tom Jorden: Scott, I'm going to let you handle that one.
Scott Schroeder: Sure. Yes, Doug, again, I hear your point. Exactly that was part of our decision. That was part of our presentation to the Board in February when we got the $1.25 billion authorization approved. We were looking at that relative performance. And as I said in my comments, we look at that relative performance, we look at the intrinsic value, tie those -- both of those to where the commodity is and kind of look at where we think we should be trading. Now, we're not going to tell you where we think that is. But that all plays into it. We have made the commitment on the other side to return at least 50% in the form of cash through the base plus variable. And you know us, both legacy companies as a combined company, we're not going to go back on our word. But a little of going -- at the end of the day, we stopped at 50% in the quarter, the first quarter because of the fact that it will be paid in the second quarter and used that increment to lean in on the buyback. Now, keep in mind, the buyback I feel we were very successful, but we only had March to do that. We put a 10b-5 in place and you have to put parameters in and let it run. You can't touch it. So, we will continue to lean in on this. We hear your point, but we still think the all the above approach is the right way to do it. And over time, I believe, and I think the team believes that we will close that gap eventually.
Doug Leggate: Thanks fellas. I appreciate the long answer.
Tom Jorden: Thanks Doug.
Operator: Your next question is from Neal Dingmann of Truist Securities. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning. Maybe, Tom, my first question for you -- specifically on Marcellus. [Technical Difficulty] opportunity you all see with the Upper Marcellus [Technical Difficulty] success on the uplift?
Tom Jorden: You came in pretty scratchy there. But your question is on the upper Marcellus and inventory. As we have previously discussed, we're currently flowing back some Upper Marcellus tests. We're very encouraged by what we see. I haven't changed my thinking on the Upper Marcellus. I really like the Upper Marcellus. I think it's going to surprise to the upside. We have a very broad, deep inventory there. But it's an interesting problem. It is different than the Lower Marcellus and may involve some different completion techniques. It's part of the what the team is discussing today. It's a big fix section and not bound as much as the Lower Marcellus. And we're going to be experimenting to optimize it. But it's a tremendous source rock, and I think it's going to be everything that we've hoped it would be. I mean we really do have very good data that backstops our optimism on there from Marcellus.
Operator: Your next question is from David Deckelbaum of Cowen. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks for taking the questions Tom and Scott.
Tom Jorden: Hi David.
David Deckelbaum: Tom, I wanted -- hey there. I wanted to ask you, Tom, just to elaborate a little bit more on the embarrassment of riches problem. I know Doug asked a good question around allocation of capital. And I guess, from the investment side or the analyst side, when you lay out the context of being constructive on natural gas macro, should we think about capital going into areas like the Marcellus or Anadarko as really an allocation or reallocation and potentially saving capital from the Permian, or should we think that we would see growth capital in those areas first?
Tom Jorden: Well, those are my only two choices.
David Deckelbaum: I guess you could create a third, yeah.
Tom Jorden: Okay. All right. We really do look at it from a zero start. I mean there's no capital in our program that has a permanent placeholder. We look at asset performance; we look at particular projects and what they can deliver. We look at market conditions. And if we think there are any overprints on marketing, that can be basis, can be restraints along those lines. But we are extremely constructive on oil and natural gas. Now that said, in the midst of all this optimistic talk and I'm probably the most optimistic on the call, I want to remind everybody that we haven't repealed the commodity cycles. And it's not like we said to ourselves, wow, we don't have to worry ever again about prices cycling downward. We probably -- as I said in my opening remarks, the fundamentals look fantastic. But look, nobody should follow me around on this topic. I'm not aware of too many experts out there that have consistently gotten it right. So the diversity of our assets, the diversity of our exposure to the commodity, and our ability to pivot capital is really important to us. We don't want to put all of our eggs in one basket regardless whether that basket sits in Midland or Pittsburgh. And the fact that we have absolutely stellar returns, quick payouts and such great operating teams in really three different basins is everything that was our rationale for building Coterra. And now more than ever, we are convinced that Coterra is fit for our times.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate the comments there, Tom. Maybe just as a quick follow-up, just when we think about specifically to the Marcellus, your gas price exposure by index, is there a meaningful shift in composition that we would expect in '23 versus, say, '22 whether it's on like the fixed price or NYMEX-linked pricing or any other areas that we might be considering or not considering where your pricing mechanisms might be improving next year?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, David, this is Blake. I'll take that one. I wouldn't expect any material changes. We have a lot of great long-term deals. We're diversified to a lot of good indexes that give us lots of different pricing power, and we expect that to continue. So, I wouldn't expect anything.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks Blake and thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc. Please go ahead. Your line is open. 
Leo Mariani: Hey guys, wanted to follow up with sort of a big picture question here. You obviously talked about Coterra being well positioned for LNG exports and trying to find the right deal out there. But just realistically, do you guys think there can be any material expansion of US LNG export capacity in say, 2023, or do you think that whatever does kind of occur out there is kind of more of a sort of mid-decade potential expansion? And then just additionally, do you think that there will be available deals for US producers to get more international pricing in some of these deals are going to be more Henry Hub link type deals?
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Leo, this is Blake. I'll take a crack at that. I mean, in general, most of the new capacity that's coming on right away was spoken four years ago. And new capacity coming is all mid-decade and that's what's being shopped in the market. I think there's  competition is a great thing. And if there's a lot of demand overseas and there's more LNG projects in the US, that's going to drive more competition in the deals for producers. And so, we're a big supporter of LNG. We would love to see a bunch of new LNG terminals pop up along the East Coast. So, if we can figure that one out, there's plenty of opportunities but time will tell.
Leo Mariani: Yes. Okay. Helpful. And just wanted to follow up on cash taxes as well. You all are predicting kind of a 20% to 30% basically deferred tax rate here in 2022. At these kind of prices, do you think we're maybe looking closer to the 20%? And do you think that, that cash tax rate goes up next year if prices stay strong, maybe you'll burn through a lot of incremental NOLs or something?
Scott Schroeder: Yes, Leo, this is Scott. The answer to both of them is yes. Yes, closer to the 20%, as you see the impact on commodity prices this year being way more positive moving it closer to the 20%. And if those stay in place, you'll have the same effect next year, maybe moving even below 20%.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: We have completed the allotted time for questions. I will now turn the call over to Tom Jorden for closing remarks.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Cheryl. I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We look forward to continuing to deliver great results. As you know, we like talking about results, and we're going to be working hard to consistently generate them, which is the theme that form Coterra. I want to wish everybody the best, and thank you for your support, and thank you for a lot of very good questions this morning. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and thank you for standing by. My name is Brent and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time Id like to welcome to the Coterra Energy Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. It is now my pleasure to turn today's call over to Ms. Caterina Papadimitropoulos,. Please begin.
Caterina Papadimitropoulos: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Coterra Energys Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. During todays call, we may reference an updated investor presentation, which can be found on the companys website. Todays prepared remarks will include business overview from Tom Jorden, CEO and President; and Scott Schroeder, Executive Vice President and CFO. Also in the room we have Steven Lindeman, Blake Sirgo, Dan Guffey and Todd Roemer. As a reminder, on todays call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in yesterdays afternoons earnings release, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Caterina, and thanks to all of you who are joining us this morning for the Q4 2021 Coterra conference call. I will be making a few overview remarks followed by our Chief Financial Officer, Scott Schroeder. We will then turn the call over to Q&A. Yesterday afternoon we reported our fourth quarter 2021 results, which was our first full quarter as Coterra. All in all, things lined up nicely during the quarter. Our production came in right on top of the midpoint of our guidance, including a quarterly average oil production of 88.6000 barrels of oil per day. This was an increase of 31% over the legacy Cimarex Q4 2020. Our Marcellus program delivered as promised and company-wide all three streams oil, gas and natural gas liquids came in at or above forecast. Scott will walk us through the financial details later on. Were very pleased to have delivered a strong Q4. We also announced our enhanced return to shareholders including a 20% increase in our common dividend, our fourth quarter 2021 total dividend equal to 60% of our fourth quarter free cash flow and the launch of a $1.25 billion share buyback. Taken as a package, this positions Coterra to be one of the most attractive yield stories in our sector. Furthermore, we have confidence that this three pronged approach is sustainable through the cycles. There are good times in our industry, so they will not last forever. Our experience tells us that things tend to stay good until they turn back, and these turns are swift and unanticipated. There is every reason to be optimistic about our business right now. Oil demand and prices are firming, supported by fundamental supply-demand imbalances, natural gas demand and LNG exports are increasing, driven in part by reawakening to the fact that natural gas is an essential component to the world's energy transition needs. Public policymakers in the United States and abroad are reexamining their energy policies in a manner that favors natural gas demand. We hope these good times last, but Coterra is prepared for whatever the future may bring. As we look ahead into 2022, we have a well-crafted plan, backstopped by the outstanding returns that our assets are providing. Our goal in formulating the 2022 capital plan was simple, to maximize our cash flow, capital efficiency and hold production relatively flat. As we have previously discussed, we are strategically interested in balancing liquids upward as a percent of our overall revenue and cash flow. In 2022, we expect liquids to account for 47% of our revenue mix, up from 40% in 2021. We plan to accomplish this by waiting more capital to our oil and liquids rich areas with 49% in the Permian, 7% in the Anadarko and 44% Marcellus. While all three basins offer comparable returns, the tilt towards our liquids-rich areas was a multifactor decision driven by the current commodity environment, service and inflation headwinds and the goal to maximize free cash flow. The output of our plan, we expect to generate $3 billion in free cash flow in 2022 while investing less than 35% of cash flow into our capital program. Our 2022 plan hits the right stride, deploying the power of our portfolio to maximize cash flow, not production. A few words on the impact of inflation. Like all of our peers, we are experiencing inflation across our supply chain. This includes rig rates, pressure pumping, labor, fuel, sand and chemicals. We are also seeing increased pressure on trucking services, particularly in the Marcellus. Comparing 2021 service rates to projected 2022 service rates, we see 12% to 14% inflation in total well cost. Although we continue to push back with ongoing operational efficiencies, it does remain a factor in our overall capital level. Among the ways we are pushing back is increased project size as measured by the number of wells per pad. In the Permian, our average wells per pad is increasing from 5.5 in 2021 to 8.3 wells per pad in 2022. We are also striving to capitalize on longer well lengths wherever possible, and our 22 average will be 11,000 feet, up over 10% year-over-year. Overall, we are seeing a net Permian inflation impact of 7% when we factor in inflation against ongoing operational efficiencies. Both of these counter inflationary pushbacks or the number of wells and the longer welding are illustrated by our prudent justify authentic project in Culberson County, where we are drilling a 14-well project with an average lateral length of 15,750 foot. The prudent justify authentic project is projected to deliver total well costs, including drilling, completion and facilities of approximately $700 per foot, the lowest of our 2022 program. To our knowledge, this project is the largest three-mile lateral project in the Permian Basin. We are already hard at work on our 2023 plans. As I have said in the past, owing to the long lead times required for pad development, much of our 2022 plans were baked in before we closed on the Coterra transaction. However, we were able to impact these plans by balancing our oil and liquids contribution upwards. We will continue to work to optimize our portfolio and deliver consistent results through the cycles. As we look into the future, Coterra is blessed by a deep inventory throughout our asset base. The Permian, Marcellus and Anadarko all have greater than 15 years of top-tier inventory at our current investment rates. For these purposes, we consider top-tier inventory as those locations that generate a PVI 10 of 1.5 or greater at mid-cycle price, which we define as index prices of $55 oil and $2.75 gas. PVI 10 of 1.5 generally equates to an after-tax rate of return of 50% to 60% depending on the decline profile. If we look at lower returns, our inventory gets even longer at current conditions. We worry about a lot of things at Coterra, inventory is not one of them. Finally, allow me to make a few comments on the progress of the integration of our two legacy companies. Thus far, the integration has gone remarkably well. Our organization is in place and functioning as one team. We are in the midst of integrating our various software systems and databases, accounting, land, engineering, geoscience, human resources. The team is making tremendous progress. Most importantly, we are seeing broad technical collaboration between our asset teams. We are exchanging ideas, gaining new insights from new colleagues and raising the performance bar across our organization. We have an incredibly talented and dedicated team of professionals, and they are experiencing humility as am I, as we come together and review the great work across our platform. We are exchanging spacing ideas, completion ideas, drilling efficiency and EHS experience is envisioned. We are challenging one another in developing trust. We are united in our commitment to make Coterra the best, most resilient company in our sector. I want to acknowledge our organization for steadfastness of working through the integration process. This has involved long hours, occasional creative workarounds and perseverance. The progress we are making is a testament to the quality of our workforce. I would also like to acknowledge our field staff, who once again, this winter, have been tasked with enduring severe winter storm events and through it all, kept our production online and operated safely through exceedingly challenging conditions. I want to express my personal gratitude to these exemplary employees. With that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Schroeder: Thank you, Tom. Let me elaborate on the fourth quarter results for Coterra and the shareholder return profile that we announced last night and given a little more granular on our full year 2022 outlook. During the fourth quarter, Coterra generated discretionary cash flow of $1.03 billion in the quarter, including the impacts of merger-related expenses. This figure was driven by a 6% increase in BOE production and a 28% increase in our average BOE realized price compared to the third quarter of 2021. Fourth quarter capital expenditures totaled $264 million, which were within our guidance range of $245 million to $275 million that we announced back in October. Coterra's free cash flow totaled $758 million for the quarter, which once again included the merger-related cost of $26 million and severance costs totaling $44 million. Additionally, the fourth quarter free cash flow included cash hedge losses totaling $370 million from legacy hedge positions from both parties. During the fourth quarter, production volumes beat the midpoint of guidance, as Tom indicated, by approximately 1% as the company's oil production averaged 88.6 MBO per day. Natural gas volumes averaged 3.1 Bcf per day and equivalents averaged 686 MBoe per day. The company exited '21 with just over $3.1 billion after the adjustment for the step-up related to the purchase accounting in the transaction, and a net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDAX leverage ratio of 0.65x. The company's liquidity stood at $2.5 billion, combining our cash position and the undrawn $1.5 billion revolver. Turning to the return of capital topic. We announced 3 actions last night that highlight our commitment to increasing shareholder returns. First and foremost, we announced a 20% increase in the annual base common dividend from $0.50 per share to $0.60 per share or $0.15 per share per quarter. This increase positions Coterra with one of the largest common dividend yields among our peers and underscores management and our Board of Directors' confidence in our business. Second, based on fourth quarter free cash flow results, we declared a quarterly base plus variable dividend of $0.56 per share. The base plus variable dividend reflects the new $0.15 per share based component and a variable component of $0.41 per share on the company's common stock. The combined base plus variable dividend represents 60% of fourth quarter '21 free cash flow and 48% of cash flow from operations. Third, we announced the initiation of a supplementary share repurchase program of totaling $1.25 billion. This represents approximately 7% of our current market capitalization. The company remains committed to paying 50-plus percent of our free cash flow via the common and variable dividends and plans to use buybacks as an incremental method to return cash to our owners. Our buyback program will be driven by relative and intrinsic value opportunities as we see them. Next, I would like to highlight our '22 outlook. Our full year '22 capital investment that we disclosed last night is expected to be between $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion. Included in that is $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion allocated to drilling and completion activities. Tom has already alluded to, the split across the 3 business units. Our '22 capital program is expected to be to equal less than 35% of full year '22 anticipated cash flow at recent strip prices. As such, we expect to generate approximately $3 billion of free cash flow, which equates to a 16% free cash flow yield based on last night's closing stock price. In the Permian, we expect to run 6 rigs and 2 completion crews during 2022. This is a modest increase in activity coupled with a 7% increase in dollars per foot to $865 per foot at the midpoint. This will drive our Permian D&C up approximately $80 million year-over-year. Average gross project size in the Permian is expected to also increase to over eight wells per project, up from the 2021 average that Tom alluded to a little over five, and lateral lengths will average up to 11,000 foot, up more than 10% year-over-year based on frac end. The increase in pad size and longer laterals will increase cycle times year-over-year, causing absolute turn-in line footage to fall approximately 10% year-over-year. In the Marcellus, we expect to average 2.5 rigs and 1.25 completion crews during the year. The region's dollar per foot is expected to increase 12% year-over-year to just above $900 per foot. However, due to pad timing and completion cadence, we expect to complete 8% less lateral footage and turn in line 22% less footage during 2022. Marcellus D&C capital is up 5% year-over-year, less than the region's inflation rate, which is expected to be 12% year-over-year as I previously mentioned. Our full year 2022 oil production is expected to average 81 to 86 MBO per day, which is up approximately 7% year-over-year at the midpoint. Our equivalent production is expected to fall approximately 2% to 3% at the midpoint. This is driven by natural gas volumes are expected to fall approximately 5% year-over-year, driven by the previously discussed lower turn-in-line activity throughout the year. Highlighting unit cost guidance, we expect to see modest increases in LOE per BOE in 2022, driven by inflation and a modest increase in workover activity. Our transportation expense is up as well, primarily driven by increased fuel cost and POP contracts. Our 2022 G&A guidance of $1 to $1.30 per BOE includes anticipated severance expenses related to the merger. In 4Q 2021, our G&A included $44 million of severance. Excluding this charge, our fourth quarter results would have been within our guidance range of $0.65 to $0.85 per BOE. In 2023, once integration is complete, we expect G&A to be more in line with our fourth quarter guidance range than the full year 2022 guidance range. Fiscal year 2022 DD&A guidance now fully the results of our purchase price allocation, which was finalized at year-end 2021. Lastly, our deferred tax guidance for the year assumes a deferred tax rate between 20% and 30%. This estimate is based on the recent strip and assumes we fully utilize legacy Cimarex NOLs during 2022. This percentage could change depending on commodity realizations throughout the year. Our first quarter BOE production is expected to fall 10% sequentially and average 610 to 630 Mboe per day. This decline is driven by timing around the program, specifically turn in lines in the Permian falling 31% sequentially and no turn in lines occurring in the Marcellus during the quarter. Furthermore, base declines are likely to be higher in Q1 following the 31% year-over-year oil growth and the 6% quarter-over-quarter natural gas growth. We expect this decline to moderate throughout 2022 and into 2023. Our recent shareholder initiatives and our 2022 outlook highlights our commitment to capital discipline, our dedication to increasing shareholder returns and an expectation to be one of the best balance sheets in the industry. Brent, with that, I will turn it back to you for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nitin Kumar with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Mr. Kumar, your line is open.
Nitin Kumar: Sorry. I was on mute. Good morning, everyone and thanks for taking my questions. My first question is a bit of a two-part question, but congrats on getting the repurchase authorization. We noticed you had about over $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet, leverage is below one times, and the stock's trading at 16% free cash flow yield. So just perhaps, could you talk a little bit about how aggressively we should expect to see you execute on this buyback program? And then Scott, specifically for you, how much cash do you think you need on an ongoing basis to run this business?
Scott Schroeder: Thanks for the question. Yeah, we're excited about the buyback. I can assure you our board is excited about the buyback, and we're planning on leaning in very heavily to execute on that, starting as soon as we possibly can. Again, all the facts that you laid out in terms of the free cash flow, the head space we have this year, look for us to make a tremendous impact on that amount during the  starting right now in the second quarter or even in the first quarter. In terms of the cash on the balance sheet, I'm comfortable with what we have on the balance sheet. It doesn't mean we have to stay there. If we see an opportunity, we can go a little below it and  but we're not inclined to sit around and build large cash balances above where we're at today.
Nitin Kumar: Great. My second question, Tom, you've been an early proponent of Shale 3.0. So I guess, oil is $100 gas is $5 right now. Is this a license to grow for Coterra in 2023 and beyond? I know, you just gave us 2022 guidance. But I'm looking for some thoughts around how long do you stick with capital discipline?
Tom Jorden: That is a great topical question. Driving in this morning, I heard a fascinating discussion about just oil markets globally and their response and the public policy position around US over. So this is a very topical issue, not only in management meetings, boardroom, but also global policy. We're going to continue to engage with our owners and listen to our owners. I will not be surprised, if there is not a call on the US shale producer to grow, depending on what happens to world energy markets, global inflation and some of the turmoil we're seeing around energy security. US producer has the wherewithal the ability to grow. Coterra certainly has both. We have the assets that can generate growth. But we also  our commitment to Shale 3.0 is real and it is steadfast, and we are going to stay very close to our owners on this topic. We made that pledge for Shale 3.0 a couple of years ago at legacy Cimarex, at that point in time; we were talking about go-forward investing 60% to 70% of our cash flow in our capital program. And here we are today, able to maintain or modestly grow our production, investing less than 35% of our cash flow in our operations. It's a remarkable time in our business, which means our industry has tremendous optionality on this topic. But we're going to stay close to our owners and make sure that our pledge to return to our owners is not cast aside.
Nitin Kumar: Thanks Scott and Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Thank you. Thanks for the incremental color around capital returns and framework. The first question is around natural gas production. And in the plan, you have it declining in 2022. Just your thoughts, Tom, about your natural gas profile? And how would you respond to those who are concerned that the decline in production is evidence that the Marcellus is seeing a degradation in capital efficiency?
Tom Jorden: Well, look, there are a lot of factors that go into that, and Scott did a nice job laying them out, but one is pad size and just timing of our program, running two rigs and Scott said, one-plus completion crews in the Marcellus certainly puts us at the mercy of project timing, and that's a big, big impact on our 2022 program. These assets are tremendous. I will tell you that. Obviously, over the last couple of days reviewing the returns of our 2021 program and our expected returns of our 2022 program. And I will say that they are top of the heap at corporate wide. They compete heads up in every way, shape and form with Permian returns. We made a tactical decision to rebalance our liquids revenue up a little bit in 2022. Marcellus is alive and well, and I think you'll look for 2023 to see a return to growth in the Marcellus. We're very satisfied with where we are.
Neil Mehta: Thanks Tom. And then clearly you talked about buybacks and dividends, but one of the things that you had let the door open for an announcement, the Cimarex transaction and Cabot transaction with the potential for incremental M&A. Do you view the combined company, Coterra as a logical consolidator? And then how do you think of the market right now as a seller's market or a buyer's market?
Tom Jorden: Well, that's the easiest question I'm going to get all day. At $100 oil and where gas prices are, it's a seller's market.
Neil Mehta: Okay.
Tom Jorden: And that said, when I see the progress we're making across our portfolio, and I see the power of idea sharing and it's coming in two ways. We're going to get better across all three of our basins because of the collaboration that's ongoing. That gives me tremendous faith in the organizational capacity to be a consolidator. Now that said, we are going to be extremely disciplined on that subject. We don't have an inventory problem. Hopefully, I've made that point loud and clear. When I look at our inventory, I just -- it would be foolish to sacrifice return on capital in the interest of beefing up our inventory. And with the way we view the world, return on capital is our top priority in capital allocation. So, it would really need to be an extraordinary opportunity. They do come, they come few and far between. But if one got dropped in our lap at the right price and it made sense for our owners, we'd certainly look at seriously. But we're -- it's not a near-term strategic priority for us. Scott, do you want to follow-up?
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Let me just add to that in terms of just a one liner. You started that commentary with a buyback. And the best acquisition activity for us right now is buying in our shares based on our overall valuation. So, that's where you lean in hard on an M&A transaction.
Neil Mehta: Yes, super clear. Thanks guys. Thanks Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking our questions.
Tom Jorden: Hi Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning. Our first question, maybe just following up on Nitin's question on cash returns. You updated the return framework such that be at least 50% now referred to just dividends instead of total payout. Can you talk a little bit about how you landed on the 60% for the 4Q calculation? And given the new buyback program, should we anticipate that, that percentage will stay closer to that 50% range in order to leave room for the buyback?
Tom Jorden: Well, Jeanine, thank you for that question. We had a lot of debate about our fourth -- we had a good fourth quarter. We really looked at our free cash flow. And we did look at a range of options on that free cash flow variable dividend payout. We were really pleased to increase the ordinary dividend because that's something that is a strong market on our income statement year in, year out that something people can count on. We looked at higher payouts, but we looked at that share buyback. And so we wanted a share buyback to be additive to our dividend and not supplant any of it. So, that 50% plus is a cash return pledge and then the buyback is in addition to that. So, we thought 60% was a good place to land because that leaves us plenty of room to attack that buyback aggressively. Scott, do you want to follow?
Scott Schroeder: No, I wouldn't end up in the fallback position that because we added the buyback, we're going to go back to just 50%. Tom emphasized -- let me emphasize what Tom has said, is the plus is still in play. And we will do the same level of debate that we do every time when we sit around the table. Part of what drove the above the 50% this time was the fact that we didn't have the buyback in place in the market time when we could have been buying on some dislocation between our shares and our peers' shares. So, that also stepped the scale in terms of the decision-making process to go to the 60%.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you. That's very helpful. Our second question, maybe going back to the 2022 outlook. We always find it really helpful that you provide the quarterly cadence on wells to sales on slide 21. On the oil side, it's expected to be down in Q1 about 10%. And then to get to your full year guide, there needs to be growing oil production on pretty much consistent number of wells of sales each quarter, which we thought was interesting. So, you mentioned in the prepared remarks that the oil base decline will be higher earlier in the year and then moderate. Can you just give us a sense of where the oil base decline currently is? And how you think that will improve by year-end?
Tom Jorden: Yes. The -- of course, we ended '21 with a strong rush of oil production. So that's going to drive our decline. It's, give or take, around 40% as we exit '21. I don't have in front of me what it is in the year '22. It's going to moderate. It's probably down to about 33%. I've just had a note handed to me. So my memory was suddenly refreshed on that. And then go forward, you're going to see a more consistent cadence. We're really in the process of really getting our arms around multiyear plans. So we're looking at '22 and '23 plans, and we have in front of us, although we're not prepared to talk about it publicly. We do have in front of us actual firm plans that carry us through '23. And going forward, we're going to be talking about our program rolling 2-year average. And so a lot of the consistency of our field operations will pay off in future consistency. So that decline will moderate by end of year '22.
Jeanine Wai: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Holly Stewart with Scotia Howard Wheel. Your line is open.
Holly Stewart: Good morning, gentlemen. Thank you for taking our question. Maybe first one, still just trying to get a better sense on the pro forma gas. It looks like for 2022 it should be down about 5%. I know you mentioned, Tom, that a lot of the gas volume is just driven by project timing, second half weighted, obviously. So maybe a better representation is kind of an exit-to-exit rate. Do you have that available for us?
Tom Jorden: No. We don't -- yes, we're just not going to talk about action rate at the current time.
Holly Stewart: Okay. Maybe then moving on to natural gas basis. It felt like everybody was a little bit weaker in the fourth quarter than certainly than expectations. You've laid out your '22 Marcellus exposure kind of by index. Can you give us a sense when you kind of lap in that Permian and Anadarko sort of where those end markets impact? And then if you have sort of some thoughts on overall basis for 2022 for the entire portfolio, that would be helpful?
Tom Jorden: Yes. Now our Marcellus program is spread among a number of East Coast basis. I will say that in the Marcellus, we sell about 20% of our volumes gas daily pricing. About 12% is a fixed price. And then about 68% is based on some monthly go-forward index. And so it's always -- it's been remarkable to me to watch how much decoupling there has been against a monthly basis in gas daily over the last month or two. And then in the Marcellus, about 12.5% of our gas goes ultimately to the water on LNG contracts. And yes, we can provide some more detail on those bases that Marcellus is. In the Permian, we -- it's a little different story. We sell about 87% of our gas on a daily pricing and about 13% of our gas on a monthly index. And then Anadarko, it's about 50/50 daily versus monthly. So we like to have that mix of monthly index and daily exposure in our portfolio.
Holly Stewart: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe one final one for me, Scott, just on the hedging strategy. I know last quarter, you mentioned you'd rather be a little bit front-footed than defensive. You've added some contracts here for 2022. How do you think about the portfolio now from a hedging standpoint?
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Thanks, Holly. We're much like we're telegraphing on the buyback, where we've been leaning in on the hedge front. You saw the announcement of the ones that we have put in place. So far, we've focused on gas. We're -- obviously, with oil at $100 here, we're getting indications as we speak, while we're sitting around the table. So we're looking at potentially adding that. The overall philosophy for Coterra is, lean on wide collars or collars that make a lot of sense. You'll see a lot of what weve added. Recently, we've implemented, kind of, started touching winter next year and expanding, and we'll kind of keep things 12 to 18 months out in front of us, leaning on wide collars with an over -- again, we've got a tremendous balance sheet. We've got tremendous return profile out in front of us. Hedging can underpin some of that, but we don't need a lot of hedging to underpin it. We're very confident in what we can do. At the same time, historically, legacy Cabot was a-third to two-thirds. I would say that percentage is probably down, targeting 25% to 50%, 50% would be more of an outlier based on where we're at.
Holly Stewart: Yes. Okay. Thats great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning, Tom and Scott. My first question is just looking at the 2022 plan in the Permian, Tom, as you mentioned, you're increasing the average development size to just over eight wells per project from, call it, 5.5 and increasing your lateral lengths by a little bit more than 10%. Obviously, overall tightness in the Permian. So I was wondering if you could just provide some thoughts on how Blake and team are managing some of these risks, some of the projects you talked about authentic. And how is these larger projects affecting the shape of your 2022 production profile?
Tom Jorden: Well, obviously, as these projects come on, there's surges of production. We really do look at annual averages. Quarterly timing is what it is, based on project architecture. But what we focus on is annual averaging. It's all baked in, in terms of what we've announced this morning. We're going to hit that annual average. Now the risks you talk about, I assume our market and operational risks?
Arun Jayaram: Yes.
Tom Jorden: Yes. I think we're in reasonable shape. I mean, the Permian is really tight right now, and it's been very topical on sand. We're -- we have great relationships with our vendor network, and we anticipate having any plays. That said, there have been times when frac crews have been waiting on sand, but we don't see that as a huge hurdle. Blake is in the room. I'm going to invite Blake to just comment on this.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Thanks, Tom. Arun, we're still laser focused on efficiency like we always are. That's the needle we can move. So wells per pad, lateral length. We also have our e-frac crew coming on mid-year that we're really excited about. We think that's really going to move the lever on cost. And then the market is going to do what it's going to do. So we've been watching it closely. We fixed the vast majority of our big cost movers for 2022 are locked in. So we know what those prices will be. And it will be up to our operations teams just to continue to execute and innovate as they've done year-after-year.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks for that. And just my follow-up is -- in terms of the Marcellus, you guys are guiding to roughly 80 net wells to sales this year. Tom, you highlighted, call it, five to seven years of lower Marcellus inventory. I was wondering if you could give us thoughts on how many locations do you have in the Lower Marcellus and maybe a sense of that range -- is that activity driven or spacing, I'd love to see if you provide a little bit more color on the lower Marcellus inventory.
Tom Jorden: No, I'd be happy to, Arun. I love talking about the business, and we're really making some progress here. First, I'm going to say that our team at is amazing. I mean not only operating, but also new it's just amazing. And it's been really fun to see learnings go both ways. And you'll remember, Arun, that at Cimarex, we had a bit of a challenge with spacing and completion design and how that interplay and parent-child inference, I mean, all these things are real, and they particularly show up as you get into infill development. I will say, certainly, the Marcellus is facing those same issues, and I think there's some great ideas floating around. We're looking at where we can enlarging our spacing a little bit in the Marcellus. So that's going from 800 feet between wells to 1,000 feet. And with that, we're actually looking at upsizing our completion energy a little bit. And we think that is -- it's a complex problem. It's not just spacing, it's parent-child interference and child to child response. But we've got early indications that, that's really an effective approach. It won't be the last answer, but it's certainly guiding a lot of our go-forward program. So the difference between the five and seven wells in Lower Marcellus as a direct answer to your question, is whether we go to a 1,000-foot spacing or 800-foot spacing. Where we can, we're planning on going to 1,000-foot spacing. Now because of the geometry available to us, that's not something we can do everywhere. But we think it's really going to address some of these issues in the Marcellus as it did in the Permian.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Scialla with Stifel. Your line is open.
Michael Scialla: Hi. Good morning, everybody. I just want to get your latest thoughts on WAHA baseline gas takeaway from Permian.
Tom Jorden: Well, Michael, I'll just tee it up. I'm going to let Blake chime in here. It's certainly back on the worry list as production increases in the baseline gas production increases also. A few summers ago, this was a hot topic. And at the time, I said there's three words that gave me solace here, and it's God bless Texas. In Texas, you have the opportunity for markets to adapt swiftly. You can -- what happened in -- then they can service oil and pipelines were repurposed. Some NGL lines went to oil. There were some new pump stations built and the market reacted swiftly. And so the smart play there was to just trust the market and throttle through it. I think gas is going to be similar to that. We're seeing some really encouraging signs of innovation, stepping up to get us through the bridge between now and when we'll have some new pipelines. But I'm going to let, Blake, specifically address that.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. Thanks, Tom. When we look at our Permian portfolio, our entire gas portfolio is covered by firm commitments that give us surety of flow contractual obligations. And like Tom mentioned, we've been through this before that we never shut in a barrel of oil or flared an extra Mcf a gas. So we have great midstream partners, and we rely on them. So we do within our portfolio, we have deals at Houston ship and we have deals at Waha. We have opportunities on the table right now to increase our Gulf Coast exposure. If we decide that's a good long-term decision, we'll pursue it. We're also in constant contact with our downstream partners and there's a lot of really good greenfield and brownfield projects that are floating around. And we think those will absolutely come to fruition, if the supply curve materializes. So we're going to stay engaged on it. We also, of course, always have basis hedging if we need to protect from price. So got lots of levers we can pull on this one.
Michael Scialla: Thanks for the color. Just looking at the Anadarko Basin, it looks like the next two projects there in that down dip in 13 8 areas. Can you say what, if anything, you're going to do differently there than what you did when you developed those areas previously? And any learnings from Carol Elder that are transferable to those areas that you're going back to?
Tom Jorden: Mike, a remarkable thing is we drilled some wells out there five or six years ago that have performed really well over time. And so when we look at those wells and uplift them to 10,000 feet, if we change nothing other than use that information, the returns on these Andokro projects are stellar. But we're also looking at some new completion designs and using what we've learned on completion. And then there are some new offset wells in that deeper part of the basin that are just remarkable. And one of the things that makes them so remarkable isn't just the absolute gas rates, but you also get a pretty good NGL stream index. It's a rich gas. So you have a turbocharge to your revenue. So we're  this is not an uncalibrated project. And there are a couple of other operators out there that include as well, much to our dismay, because we did a pretty good job of consolidating our position. So we have a good inventory of opportunities where we can exploit this with two-mile laterals. The Carol Elder was a good project. We learned a lot there. But Lone Rock is a different beast. It's a little different pressure sync within the basin. So some of the lessons of Lone Rock are more applicable to Lone Rock in the basin real large, but we're pretty excited about the opportunities. And we love to the question about market constraints, having that Anadarko is a tremendous relief fall for our program. We're glad to have it.
Michael Scialla: Sounds great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neal Dingmann with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Neal Dingmann: Good morning, all. Maybe just a quick first one for Scott. Scott, you talked a lot about the shareholder return, but I'm just curious on the buybacks. I don't know, if you all said this, but just are there optimal drivers or requirements you all look at the buyback? I mean, you talked about given how high your free cash flow yield is, but I'm just wondering when you consider starting repurchases. A lot of guys to say, well, we just buyback shares opportunistically. Others use that mid-cycle valuation. I'm just wondering -- I know last time you I met up, I know you looked at a lot of things. I'm wondering how you all sort of think about this.
Scott Schroeder: One of the things we did in the discussion with the Board, we look back, as we said in our prepared remarks, kind of, our relative valuation and also our intrinsic valuation and surprise, surprise, we're undervalued on both of those accounts and particularly when you look from Coterra's underlying performance from 10/1 to date, no one around this table is happy with that. Unlike legacy Cabot, who did buybacks before pretty much 100% opportunistically, we're going to be, as I said in my answer to the first question, we're going to lean in and be more focused on dollar cost averaging and be more consistent over the course of our periods when we can buy. We're subject to the same blackouts that our individual people are subject to. So the first two months of this year, even if we had had an authorization, we've been blacked out because of the knowledge of the financial statements. So you got a window in March, a couple -- then you get a couple of months each quarter after that. So we'll be leaning in, creating a formulaic approach for a base buyback and still having the opportunistic when we see disconnects in the market on things that just are misinterpreted or misrepresented or however it takes place to step on a scale when we do that. But we are very focused on making a lot of progress on this immediately.
Neal Dingmann: Good to hear. And then just a follow-up, maybe more just on the maintenance capital. I'm just wondering, do you have an estimate of maintenance capital, I guess we're ongoing with this, kind of, been asked around. But when you look at the -- I guess my question would be around maintenance capital or how you think about your natural gas baseline decline, just given how the Cabot and Tom, new wells a bit on the gas side was a little bit surprised on to see even any gas decline this year. So I'm just wondering maybe if you could address that from a couple, just how we should think about that maybe as far as that capital allocation, anything around that?
Tom Jorden: Yeah, Neal, again, we just reported the first quarter as Coterra and we're kind of in our -- starting our first full year, our first full year guidance. My expectation is that the maintenance CapEx number would be less than what we're looking at this year. But I would echo around the gas question that you talked about, let's understand that -- and this was something that we -- not struggled, but we had to manage around as legacy Cabot. Just as what Tom said before, the cadence when you -- the high capital efficiency and the high productivity of those wells only requires you to run two rigs, maybe 2.5 rigs and less than two completion crews. And so you don't have a whole inventory of wells to roll on. So depending on the cadence of the pad, one of the things we looked at our -- right now this morning -- right now is a moment in the year when we have -- we just added a third rig in the Marcellus. But two of those three rigs are on eight-well pads and 10 well pads. And so when you do the lead time on that, you're looking way late in the year before you're going to see the impact of that investment today. And so while a maintenance -- when we get more in a cadence across all three basins, I think maintenance will definitely come down from where it is right now. And at the same time, the question is, is maintenance the way to manage this company in terms of a question that was asked to Tom earlier in terms of where the market is. We're going to run it judiciously like we are. We're going to move capital, where it makes the most sense. We moved more capital in 2022 to the oil province because the margins are just stellar and there's margin expansion more than in the gas market even with the good gas prices right now. So long-winded answer, apologize for that, but try to give you a little more color.
Neal Dingmann: I love the detail. I love the large-scale development. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David Deckelbaum with Cowen. Your line is open
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, Thomas, Scott. Thanks for the time today.
Tom Jorden: Good morning, David.
David Deckelbaum: I was hoping -- I was hoping to dig in a little bit around the larger development. Just my first question is, Tom, you talked about a lot of these development sizes, it seems like were decisions that were made pre-merger that was already going into 2022, you talked about planning for 2023 and it sounds like development sizes are increasing 2022 into 2023. Is that -- was that informed more by rising service costs and pricing and logistics, or was it informed more by geology?
Tom Jorden: Well, I'm not sure I'd say either one. As we get more confident about our development scheme, it just begs for larger projects. You can take advantage of a tremendous amount of efficiencies there, efficiencies of operations, rig efficiencies, completion efficiencies. We've got our completion crews, as you know, we've got a really great partner in our completion vendor. And we've got some of the highest productivity in the basin in their fleet. And so we've got a really well-oiled machine going here and that part of that is the larger project size. When you parsed out the smaller project size and you're moving, you're demoving  you're moving and there's just a lot of opportunity for things to interrupt. So we do have a natural bias to larger project sizes in the Marcellus, Permian and Anadarko. And that's one of the reasons we're so excited about the Upper Marcellus. As Scott mentioned, we've got a nine-well pad flowing back. Seven of those wells are in the Upper Marcellus, or I say flowing back, about to come online. And this is the direct -- I think this is the direction of our industry. If you have the assets, it really steers you to larger project sizes.
David Deckelbaum: And I guess my follow-up, and you articulated this as well is that certainly in the Marcellus and maybe to another extent in the Permian as well, we should expect to just see greater percentage of co-development of sort of full zones over time?
Tom Jorden: Yes. It depends on the rocks. If you have frac barriers, you have the luxury of developing zone by zone and then coming back. And that's -- we're going to need more time for that subject. We've recently acquired a lot of science that we've learned a lot about vertical communication within that stratigraphic section and a lot that we've learned surprising. And it's informing how we're going to develop it. But whether it's the Marcellus or the Permian or the Anadarko, at the end of the day, it comes down to the rocks and the resource in place. And we just have some of the best rocks there in our business.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate the answers. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Pickering Energy Partners.
David Heikkinen: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Sounds like on your innovative solutions out of Waha things like the Whistler expansion from 2 to 2.5 Bs a day. So really seeing some increments in places that you can get some more gas out of basin. Is that kind of an accurate when you said innovative solutions?
Tom Jorden: Yes, that's certainly -- we've got two or three different avenues that open to us. But yes, there are additional volumes we might be able to.
David Heikkinen: Perfect. And then it also sounds like -- I know as you were looking at the Cabot assets that you did a lot of studying of the Upper Marcellus and you're really bringing some of the Cimarex thoughts to the program with the up spacing and larger fracs. So it's really like maybe a benefit of the integration of both companies. Is that accurate as well, there's also Cabot, too?
Tom Jorden: Yes, I really want to brag on that team in Pittsburgh. They are innovative, they're great at the business. And it's just remarkable what they've accomplished. So, I think everybody is benefiting from Coterra equally.
David Heikkinen: Okay. And then when you think about that mix of Upper Marcellus, is the shorter lateral length a representation of more Upper Marcellus, or I was curious as you think about the next several years where that mix goes as you go to 1,000-foot spacing and kind of the lateral lengths?
Tom Jorden: Well, David, you said shorter lateral length. I mean, the shorter lateral length is going to be a function of our remaining lower Marcellus. Once we go to the upper Marcellus, we're more or less wide open. And that's one of the many reasons to be really excited about the Upper Marcellus.
David Heikkinen: So, really, you stretch back out. So, this one year downtick from 7,500 to 7,200 is kind of the -- as you get more upper, we're just trying to way things out, that makes sense, I guess.
Tom Jorden: Yes. No, that is completely a function of -- we're in a process now the five to seven years of lower Marcellus inventory is excellent, but it's not wide open. We're going back and infilling gaps and one of the constraints there is lateral length.
David Heikkinen: I had that wrong in my head. That actually makes more sense. And I just had it wrong. Thanks guys.
Tom Jorden: Thanks David.
Operator: Due to time constraints, your last question comes from the line of Leo Mariani with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys. I was hoping you could talk a bit about the synergy progress in 2022. Have you started to see some of those G&A synergies at this point in time? And I guess should we just expect to see maybe the GOE per BOE just kind of drop throughout the year? And any indication on kind of what the severance payments are roughly in 2022, but obviously, you described would go away by the time we get to 2023.
Scott Schroeder: We're seeing progress. We made tremendous progress. One of the best things we did was hire an independent consulting firm to come in and help with us. We have dedicated an employee to the value capture around synergies, not just from a G&A perspective, but have identified, as Tom has talked a lot about, the thinking between the new ideas, the cross-pollination of ideas between all the teams. And so there's dollars that far exceed what the anticipated G&A savings were that we laid out kind of when we didn't know a lot, we were trying to have a guess. We're going to hit the $100 million in G&A savings. But like we said, I think that the big carrot around where we were, we were very clear in the press release to say, give us 18 to 24 months to do that because of some legacy severance programs that are fairly robust in terms of timing and trying to get new people in, legacy people out that aren't willing to move. And so at the end of the day, we're hoping to accelerate that up to the kind of the 15-month time period at the end of this year. The severance is probably -- we're probably 40% of what ultimately it will be. I don't know the cadence through the rest of this year and maybe some does bleed into '23. But our goal is to have that overhead expense function rock solid for '23, as rock solid as it can be.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's really good color at the end of the day. And then just in terms of Upper Marcellus, I know you mentioned kind of 7 wells on a 9 well pad, but roughly speaking, do you have kind of the number of wells here you're going to prosecute in '22? I think it's 80-something Marcellus well. Just wanted to get a sense of it, is it half of those or Marcellus? Can you tell us about the split?
Tom Jorden: No, it's a handful. I don't have the number in front of me, but we're still primarily focusing on the Lower Marcellus. And as we go, what we're doing is we're very carefully delineating this project, we're flowing back here shortly is important to us. But we really do want to -- we've got plenty to do in Lower Marcellus. We'll throw in a project or 2 along the way in the Upper Marcellus to just gain understanding. But one, because of our overall system constraints, we're mostly focused on the Lower Marcellus.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Tom Jorden.
Tom Jorden: Thank you. And I want to thank everybody for a good set of questions. Just in closing, I want to say we were very pleased to announce our ordinary variable dividend. Very pleased to be embarking on our share buyback. And if you heard anything on this call, I hope you heard that, that 50-plus commitment of cash return is not competing with the buyback. It's additive to it. And we really do look forward to continuing to be one of the leading companies in our sector on yield to our owners. So looking forward to a great '22 and great '23. We are hard at work here. So thank you very much, and appreciate you joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Coterra Energy Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Caterina Papadimitropoulos, Investor Relations Analyst. Please go ahead.
Caterina Papadimitropoulos: Thank you, Matt. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining Coterra Energys third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. During today's call, we will reference an updated investor presentation which can be found on the company's website. Today's prepared remarks will include a business overview from Tom Jorden, CEO and President and Scott Schroeder. Executive Vice President and CFO. As a reminder on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in this morning's earnings release, which can be found on our website. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your question, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Caterina, and thank all of you for joining us on this morning's call. I'll make a few introductory remarks followed by Scott who will walk us through third quarter financials and fourth quarter guidance. We have quite a crew in the room today. And I just want to make sure you know who is in the room because we may be directing questions to them given the complexity of our release; Blake Sirgo, Vice President Operations, Dan Guffey is here for financial planning and analysis. We have Todd Roemer, our Chief Accounting Officer, we have Matt Kerin for finance and other overarching business issues including marketing, and of course Scott who'll be making some prepared remarks. The closing of the Cabot and Cimarex merger occurred on October 1 as a result, legacy Cimarex will not report third quarter financials. I'm pleased to report that Coterra Energy is well underway with the integration of our two legacy companies. As you can imagine, a merger of equals between Cimarex and Cabot is not an easy task. We've been full court press since May. We have functional teams working around the clock to integrate accounting, information systems production reporting, safety protocol, land systems, operations, marketing, legal and human resources. Each of these teams are tasked with identifying and implementing best in class systems and processes. Our approach is all Coterra all go forward. That's not the way we've done it here is not an acceptable answer. We've made great strides and we'll hit the ground running as we head into 2022. I want to salute our exceptional people from both legacy organizations who are coming together to form a new better Coterra from two outstanding legacy companies. We all share an enthusiasm and commitment to create the very best D&P company in our industry. I have great confidence that we will exceed our lofty expectations. Speaking of confidence, this morning's announcement that we are accelerating our first variable dividend underscores and demonstrates this confidence. Coterra is built to deliver superior financial returns through the cycles. This morning's announced base and accelerated variable dividend totals are combined $0.30 per share coupled with the $0.50 special dividend we paid on October 22. The company will return $0.80 per share during the fourth quarter. As these moves demonstrate, we are committed to our owners. Coterra owners benefit from assets that are second to none, a pristine balance sheet and asset diversity that will sustain and preserve our cash flow through commodity cycles. Our owners also benefit from our ongoing discipline to allocate capital to its most productive use and continually challenge the status quo. Although Coterra is barely one month old, we have some excellent operational results to discuss this morning. On a pro forma basis, Coterra produced 645,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 81.5000 barrels of oil per day during the third quarter. As promised, we are on track to exit 2021 with oil rates that are 30% greater year-over-year compared to fourth quarter 2020. We brought 61 wells online during the quarter and are currently running seven rigs and will average four completion crews during the fourth quarter. Five of our rigs are in the Delaware Basin, 2 rigs are in Susquehanna County of Northeast Pennsylvania. We benefited nicely from higher commodity prices during the quarter. This was true across the board, oil, gas, and natural gas liquid prices were significantly higher during Q3 and have continued to strengthen, more on that later. We continue to see excellent productivity and deliverability from our Northeast Pennsylvania assets. Slide 8 in the investor deck we posted this morning highlights our ongoing activity level and sustainable production volumes in Northeast Pennsylvania. Our Pennsylvania operation is impressive on all fronts. We continue to make remarkable drilling progress and are bringing projects online faster than predicted. Faster drilling has meant that we can drill more wells with the same number of rigs, resulting in four additional wells drilled during '21. When acceleration occurs owing to operational excellence, it's a nice problem to have. We're also moving seven additional completions into late fourth quarter '21 from early '22 pushing our plan Marcellus capital slightly above the upper end of our previously issued annual guidance range. As a result, we will have additional volumes coming online around year end to take advantage of strong Appalachian winter pricing. We continue to see a significant increase in capital efficiency in our Delaware basin assets. Slide 9 in our investor presentation highlights recent development projects in Culberson County as we previously discussed, we are observing that relaxed spacing and modestly upsized completions can significantly improve low level returns and in many instances recover the same amount of oil per drilling spacing unit than more dense well spacing. We are achieving increased productivity per well, similar section recoveries and increased PV-10 with substantially lower capital per drilling spacing unit. We're also seeing excellent results from our loan 2021 Anadarko development, the five well Carol Elder which targets the Woodford Shale. Slide 11 in our deck illustrates the uplift we have seen with relaxed spacing and improve completions. Our Anadarko team has assembled a deep inventory of projects that are highly competitive for capital. I would also like to make a few comments regarding our ESG performance. Coterra like both legacy companies before it is deeply committed to making ESG performance a top priority. Our industry has grand engineering challenges, and we embrace these challenges wholeheartedly. Coterra is dedicated to be a top performer in ESG metrics to be transparent in our communication, and to aim higher than state and federal requirements. We will be an industry leader in ESG performance. As we look ahead into 2022 and beyond Coterra is well positioned to generate consistent returns. We have the flexibility to pivot in response to market constraints and opportunities, commodity price swings, and operational advances. Our capital allocation philosophy is supported by three pillars, geographic diversity, commodity diversity, and economic windage. Geographic diversity and commodity diversity are self-explanatory. Economic windage is provided by having assets that provide some of the highest margins in our business. High margins and a low-cost structure mean that returns are preserved through downdrafts and commodity prices. These pillars are our fundamental attribute and a competitive advantage of Coterra. Our capital discipline, diversity and flexibility underwrite our ability to generate outsized returns and accelerate return of capital to our owners. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Schroeder: Thanks, Tom. As you mentioned, given the merger closed in the beginning of the fourth quarter, the reported third quarter financials for Coterra Energy only reflect the results of legacy Cabot for this reporting period. However, my comments will include key items for legacy Cimarex also. I would specifically like to draw attention to the following financial and operational highlights for the third quarter. Legacy Cabot generated discretionary cash flow of $309 million in the quarter, including merger related expenses, which was driven by a 69% increase in realized natural gas prices compared to the same quarter a year ago. Looking ahead, realized natural gas prices are anticipated to increase substantially in the fourth quarter of '21, driven by the expectation for the highest average quarterly NYMEX price we have experienced since the fourth quarter of 2008. The combined Cabot and Cimarex free cash flow for the quarter totaled $387 million, which also included merger related costs of $100 million. Legacy Cabot's production for the third quarter was 2.36 billion cubic feet a day, which was 2% above the high-end of our guidance range for the quarter. Legacy Cimarex production for the quarter was 251,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 81.5000 barrels per day of oil production. Legacy Cabot incurred a total of 171 million of capital expenditures in the third quarter, while legacy Cimarex incurred 165 million of capital expenditures in the third quarter, excluding capitalized expenses. I would also note that moving forward Coterra will be reporting under the successful efforts accounting method that legacy Cabot utilized which does not capitalize G&A and interest expenses. During the third quarter legacy Cabot repaid $100 million of senior notes that matured in September, reducing our principal long-term debt to $949 million. On a combined basis, Coterra exited the third quarter with a cash balance of $1.1 billion and principle long-term debt of $2.9 billion before adjustments for purchase accounting. Our strong balance sheet provides significant financial flexibility and allows for industry leading capital returns through the cycles as evidenced by the special dividend we paid in October, and the acceleration of our variable dividend that was announced in this morning's release. Now a few comments on guidance. Our fourth quarter '21 combined production and expense guidance assumes that we achieve results that meet our previously issued standalone annual guidance. Of note, we are reaffirming our fourth quarter oil guidance, which assumes 30% year-over-year growth as Tom highlighted earlier. Our full year '21, combined capital is expected to be at the high end of the ranges due to increased efficiencies and an acceleration of completions in late fourth quarter. Obviously, due to the timing of these actions, the increase in capital is expected to have no effect on '21 production volumes, but will benefit '22 volumes taking advantage of the strong commodity price environment we find ourselves in. In the Permian, we are maintaining a second crew during fourth quarter '21 to complete a Leigh County project versus our original annual guidance midpoint which assumed we would drop to one crew in the fourth quarter. In Appalachian, we plan to drill an additional four wells and complete an additional seven wells during 2021. These completions are set to come online near year end. During the first quarter of '22, we plan to maintain two completion crews in the Permian and average just over one completion crew in the Marcellus. We plan to issue formal '22 guidance early next year. The combined financial strength and free cash flow generation potential of Coterra that was originally envisioned when contemplating this combination is illustrated in these results. And has been further supported by the tailwinds from the improving commodity price backdrop. With that, Matt, I will turn it over to you for Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Congrats team on closing the transaction here and reporting your first quarter together as a company. Maybe just a high-level question to kick off. Tom just talk about how the integration is going bringing together the two cultures and what you're seeing early on that gives you confidence in the combination and what you think is the biggest obstacle that you need to overcome in order to achieve your goals here.
Tom Jorden: Well, Neil, good morning. Thank you for that question. The integration is going very well. The single obstacle are moving trucks. We're still kind of dispersed and flying around to meet with one another, but here as we get into November, December, we'll all be off from one another. And they'll certainly give us a head start. What I am wholly optimistic and I'm optimistic for several reasons. First and foremost and you know my background, [EOI] [ph], I fundamentally believe that the only competitive advantage a company has long run is its culture and the quality of its people. And I have been wholly impressed with the Coterra organization from top to bottom, we have people that are energized, really talented, willing to look at problems anew. And they bring an absolute commitment that's humbling to me, in leading this organization. I've made two trips to the field in Pennsylvania. And I have been nothing short of blown away by the quality of that operation and the dedication of our organization to work with the local community in providing this absolutely necessary resource in a way that is, I think, community friendly. Across our platform, we have people working together to develop new tools to develop ways to make the best, most disciplined capital allocation. And there's just great energy, it's really fun to be in the middle of this. And just fasten your seat belt and watch us perform.
Neil Mehta: But follow up is just on gas fundamentals. And how are you guys seeing the market here as we go through winter, but more structurally, as we think about '22 and '23? And in that context, what's your approach to hedging and I believe you guys are about 20% hedged here over the next couple of quarters. So you're still relatively open. But how do you plan on attacking the curve from here?
Matt Kerin: Neil, this is Matt Kerin here. I'll address the fundamentals and then hand it over to Tom or Scott to discuss hedging philosophy. So currently, we obviously feel very bullish on the fundamentals that we've seen for gas. Obviously, we've seen a pretty big uptick in the forward curve over the last couple of months, which we think will certainly be beneficiary for Coterra going forward, given the lack of hedging in place right now for 2022. You kind of look at the US storage levels currently. We're about 10% below last year's levels and about 4% to 5% below the five-year averages. And more specifically to where legacy Cabot operates in the Marcellus; we see similar trends in both the Eastern and Midwest storage levels. So both for the broader NYMEX benchmark, but as well as local basis, we feel really strong about where we sit entering the winter months and certainly going into 2022.
Scott Schroeder: Neil in terms of hedging, again, like Tom talked about the integration, we're coming together, we have a formalized hedging policy. We have yet to kind of sit down at the table and collect our thoughts. But Tom, myself and Jeff Hutton, our legacy marketing person will be part of the hedge committee going forward. As you saw in the release this morning, or in the investor deck, we did add some Cabot hedges around the time of the transaction, as we saw the end followed the path of kind of wide collars. And that's still a great approach. But the positive of the market that's out in front of us that Matt talked about is we have the ability to be very offensive in terms of -- on our front foot around the hedge decision versus being in a defensive posture trying to protect things. The other dynamic I would add, and Tom and I had a conversation, probably a month ago is the fact that Coterra also changes that hedge decision from the perspective of its balance sheet. And its overall financial wherewithal that there isn't as much when we were separate organizations, the need to hedge as much, but we will still use it, opportunistically.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Portillo with TPH. Please go ahead.
Matthew Portillo: Just a quick question, looking out into 2022 balance sheets in pristine shape. And obviously you've already initiated a fairly robust return to capital program for shareholders. Tom, just a higher-level question philosophically. How do you think about buybacks in this environment as the debt load is in good shape? You've got the base and diversification and the equities trading at a pretty steep discount to probably long term intrinsic fair value?
Tom Jorden: Well, I that's a great question. It certainly in our toolkit, it's our buybacks, we're going to have tremendous flexibility financially. As we look into 2022, I'm stunned that at how constructive one can be in terms of the amount of our capital that we need to invest, to stay flat, or generally flat. So we're going to have great flexibility with cash, even after our stated commitment of return to cash to our owners. We are going to model it; I'll just say there's going to be one word that will guide us into 2022 and that's discipline. And we're going to be disciplined in our capital, we're going to be disciplined in our capital allocation. And we're going to be disciplined in our use of funds. And we're going to look seriously at buybacks you have to but we're not going to do it, because it's a fad. We'll do it because we think it's a prudent use of our capital. Scott, you want to comment on that.
Scott Schroeder: I think you've covered it. And it's been an arrow and the quiver of the organization for a long period of time. And I think, as Tom said, it will be fully vetted, we're in the process of pulling that together, you mentioned the intrinsic value. We need to do that deep dive on intrinsic value. We also have to think in strategically about it because historically, when prices are good, your values are up, even if you're at a discount from your peers, when the prices move down, then all of a sudden, you bought shares at a higher price, all you got to do is look at the average cost of the legacy balance sheet of Cabot as to what that intrinsic value is, of the shares on the balance sheet. So it's also part of the economic decision. The question, the rhetorical question, no answer required is, do you kind of leave that cash on the balance sheet and take advantage of that buyback in more lean times than where we find ourselves today? That will be all part of the discussion, Matt.
Matthew Portillo: Perfect. And then maybe an asset level question, for Tom, the team. Just curious, you're learning so far at Lone Rock with the new well results you've provided how that may fit into kind of your development program in 2022, is it just relates to the returns you're seeing on that asset relative to the Delaware. And then just a medium-term question, in terms of running room from an inventory perspective, particularly around Lone Rock, how you think about your inventory profile and the ability to develop that going forward.
Tom Jorden: Well, Matt, we're very pleased by the Carol elder project. We look at our returns fully burden cleaning all overhead, all associated costs, including legacy land, and we look at that we model the Carol elder as being highly competitive within our portfolio. Now, you mentioned Lone Rock, but we've got a portfolio of opportunities within our Anadarko asset. There's kind of three major areas, Lone Rock being one, the [up-dip] [ph] kind of near the merge, classically is another and then we've got a really nice opportunity on our western fringe. All of those are highly competitive for capital. You asked about inventory, our team has done a nice job of presenting a really healthy inventory of three mile horizontal well, opportunities. There'll be a slice of that in 2022. I don't at this point, can't telegraph how big a slice, but I'll say it offers tremendous flexibility from a capital allocation standpoint, to have that third basin that has competitive returns. Because as you know, from time to time, there have been market constraints both in Appalachian and in the Permian. And having that third highly profitable area is a tremendous safety valve that we offer our owners. So we're very high on the Anadarko, it's obviously doesn't have the running room of our Pennsylvania or Delaware. Good boy, it's deserves a place in our portfolio.
Operator: Our next question will come from Josh Silverstein with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Silverstein: Thanks. Good morning, guys. I know you want to wait till Jan or February next year to provide a more formal guidance, really to say I guess how winter shapes up. But you just talked about how much flexibility there is in the portfolio to shift capital around for 2022 relative to just the standalone base plans.
Tom Jorden: Well, Josh, thank you for that question. We talked about this in the past when you're drilling these pad projects and have long lead time. By the time you're into November, a lot of -- certainly the first half of '22 is mostly baked in. So flexibility to reallocate capital will probably be a late second quarter second half phenomenon. I would say the first half is probably mostly already underway in terms of what will be turned in line in 2022. Now that said, we're not shrinking from that challenge. We're going to be making we don't have a lot of marketing commitments, and we don't have a lot of vendor commitments. We have great flexibility to let capital flow to its most productive years. But that'll probably not actually involve equipment move on the ground until second half '22.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. And then just within that framework, does it even make sense to grow the Marcellus next year, even if we're at current state pricing?
Tom Jorden: Make sense of something I wouldn't want to put a stake in the ground on. If you'd asked me three months ago, what made sense, a lot of the things make sense today didn't make sense three months ago. We're in a very strange time. And then all of a sudden, we realize, oh, my goodness, energy really is important. And you see prices moving up, you see a lot of concern about where energy markets will turn. And we have tremendous flexibility to adapt to that. So in terms of what will make sense in 2022. Stay tuned.
Josh Silverstein: And then, just one more on the return to capital profile. Tom, one thing that you had wanted to do at Cimarex was built up enough cash for the 2024 maturities. Now that, you're a combined company that maturity has now grown to $1.3 billion. How do you guys want to build up cash for that? Or how much of that would you want to take out with cash relative to refinancing when the time comes?
Tom Jorden: Im going to let Scott handle that one.
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Josh, I heard the kind of pre-closing, Tom's desire to pay off the 750. And I fully understand that, as you've known me a long time, I am a debt averse kind of guy. But I know that we have to have some debt in the capital structure. I would put that on a lower checklist be lower check list, lower than stock buybacks. But I think continuing to repay debt is highlighted in the descriptive, Cabot paid it's -- Cabot actually paid 188 million back this year, 88 earlier in the year and 100 million in September. So I think, let us kind of get together and figure out and look out in these next couple years. But I would suspect a portion of that 1.3 will be paid back and a portion will be refinanced. I don't think nobody's looking to go to zero debt in the organization. But maybe my gut, and Tom and I, in fairness have not talked about this but a target level of absolute debt, around 2 billion versus 3 billion kind of feels like it's in the sweet spot.
Tom Jorden: I would add to that. Lots of things have changed in our business. Obviously, we're under regulatory pressures, we are under pressures coming from the SEC relating to sea, we're under investor pressures. When I look at those challenges, I think you would find a company like Coterra probably moving forward at a lower debt level than we would have answered two years ago. Now what that is? We'll see. But we used to say 1.5x debt to EBITDA. I think today we'd be significantly below that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Scialla with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Scialla: Good morning, everybody. I will ask, I guess a couple of operational questions. Tom, you mentioned, Slide 9 seems a little perverse to me, I guess that the industry is treading into wider spacing with oil prices above $80. But obviously makes sense if you can get the same reserves with five wells per section that you can with seven prior. But have you looked at that greater completion intensity with seven wells per section? And I guess, as you optimize that NPV per section, what oil price was that based on?
Tom Jorden: Well, that analysis will withstand any oil price, if you can recover the same reserves with less capital, that's not going to be a price dependent analysis. Now, that said, you drill more wells, there'll will be an acceleration component, but our analysis tells us that that is not going to catch up to the destruction of investing more capital than you need to. So we think Slide nine is a remarkable result. We're thrilled by it, and it frees up additional capital for more productive uses.
Michael Scialla: Okay. And then, Slide 10, you mentioned your turning to toward the low-end of the range on costs in the Permian. How are you thinking about those costs as you look out into '22. And I guess, how much are you dependent upon. How much of you used sino fracks at this point, is that enough to offset the inflation that you've seen so far?
Blake Sirgo: Yes. This is Blake. I'll take that one. We're real excited to be training at the low end of the guidance. And that's really driven by operational efficiencies we've had throughout the whole value chain throughout the year, drilling completions, facilities, flow back, it's all a game of ages that's coming together. We do have inflation, we've seen inflation, just like everybody else from seed and steel. We've seen fuel, we've seen labor. We're working right now to try to model that for '22. That will come out with our '22 plan, but we expect continued operational efficiencies to help offset in future inflation. We have tried to sino frack. We've done some of those projects. We're still trying to quantify the real savings to that. But right now, we really like our zipper operations. We like our pad operations. We've seen tremendous efficiencies there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Holly Stewart with Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Holly Stewart: Good morning, gentlemen. Can I just have a follow-on to Neil's question. So for Tom or Scott, any items to highlight, as you guys kind of sat down and rolled up your sleeves that maybe you didn't think about, as you put these two companies together?
Scott Schroeder: No. I think, Holly at the end of the day, I think it was very well vetted, going together. I think the interesting thing and the dynamic of putting the two together in the -- not just the integration after the fact, but the like mindedness of how the two companies have been managed, in terms of just the conservative nature of the balance sheet, where we're at the capital plans, the technical ability, as Tom complimented, the Marcellus, we can do that same compliment of the Permian and the Anadarko staff that we've met on our side. So I don't think there was there wasn't an aha moment. Obviously, it's a marriage. And for everybody on the phone that gets married, not every day is a  there are challenges it can be each week, each day or whatever, just from the different push pull on various things. Blake and I have had the opportunity to serve on Seer Co and we've had a lot of great discussions and a lot of things come together to get us where we're at. And like Tom said, the biggest driver right now is we just need to all get together in one location so that we can move this forward. But there was no bright spot aha moment that we said, oh, crap, we missed this.
Tom Jorden: Holly, one of the things I've been most pleased about first and foremost, we were on track to achieve our announced G&A synergies and I'm pleased about that. But once we got our operational teams together and really brainstormed on operational synergies, best practices, procurement, and how we might be able to leverage that. There are the others who have a set of ideas longer than my arm. And our chance is going to be under promise and over deliver. And I'm very optimistic. I also want to follow up in case my wife's on the line, I don't know what's Scott is talking about the marriage.
Holly Stewart: Well played. Maybe my follow up just on M&A. There appears to be a lot of assets, hitting the tape, both on the oil and gas side of things and certainly on the gas side, there's some things that might fit into the legacy Cabot footprint. Without speaking, I guess to specific assets. Could you just comment on your appetite for M&A, maybe in gas M&A along with that?
Tom Jorden: Well, as we've said all along, we're going to have the opportunity and flexibility to take advantage of really good opportunities. We've got our play for right now with a deep inventory of fantastic projects, and plenty of challenges. And it doesn't surprise me that lots of assets are hitting the market. I think anybody who really believes what they say when they talk about discipline has to be really cautious buying assets at this up ticking prices. We've got great organic opportunities. We're developing additional organic opportunities. And if something really made sense, we have the ability to strike but -- yes, use the word appetite. We're not hungry. We've got plenty to do.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Heikkinen with Pickering Energy Partners. Please go ahead.
David Heikkinen: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Really, first things first, Scott and Tom, your comment on counter cyclical building of cash and then buying back stock at low as opposed to high if I could wash, rinse repeat that for every conference call, it would be -- that'd be perfection. So thanks for that statement first. Second thing is, as you think about the gas markets, what's your maximum capacity or flow in the Marcellus going through the winter? Do you have an assessment of where and how high that could actually go on a gross or net basis?
Matt Kerin: This is Matt Kerin, David. So, we're set up to be able to move volumes in and above the level that we're at today, if we think that the pricing warrants it. But as you know, we have a lot of South project coming online, full end service in December 1, but we've been starting to take certain portions of that capacity leading up to that full end service. So that's going to provide us an incremental opportunities there. But from a gathering system perspective, we've recently inked a new deal with Williams, that's going to continue to expand on what we already have. So throughputs not really an issue. The question is going to be is the pricing and the returns on capital, for the incremental volumes make sense for us up there or we just be long-term cannibalizing existing volumes that we already have in the market.
David Heikkinen: Okay. Yes. So price dependent, but you've got ample upside to meet demand if it comes. And then on the Delaware basin, Tom, I liked your slide about the five wells per section, as you looked around other operators in your operations. And how much capital was over deployed in the basin, if you just think about seven wells versus five wells, is there -- is that the next round of operating efficiency as you head forward and kind of look at the basin and kind of ongoing developments across your portfolio of -- how do you think about that?
Tom Jorden: Yes. David, it cuts on the operator. We didn't stumble on to this conclusion. It's the outcome of years of deep science, understanding our incremental well, level deliverability, a lot of work went into this. I'll just give you an example. And I don't want to get specific on geography. But we have a project going on right now the slowing back, where we have drilled nine wells in the upper Wolfcamp. And next door is an operator we really respect that's drilled 12. As we analyze those two projects, our volumes are right on top of their because the geology is the same, the pressure is the same, the phase, and the reservoir is the same. And we are recovering an equivalent amount of oil on our project compared to our neighbors. When we analyze our neighbor's project, we think it's a 100% rate of return. So if that's all you had, were the wells you drill and the volumes have flowed back, you would have a victory party, and you'd celebrate 100% rate of return. Our returns are significantly higher than that 100%. And if we didn't have the well level detail, we would have missed that. And I think a lot of operators that don't do the science will look at the sum total of project output and stop there with their analysis. And therein lies the missed opportunity.
David Heikkinen: Satisfaction without pressing further. That's a good summary of that operation. Thanks, guys.
Tom Jorden: David, do you know, we drive ourselves crazy every day. And we'll continue to do so.
Operator: Our next question will come from Neal Dingmann with Truist. Please go ahead.
Neal Dingmann: Tom, just one after what's been said this one, I'm just trying to get a sense of how you all think about now on a broader scale, growth versus shareholder return in general, and maybe even more so in times like today, in order to take advantage of these higher prices?
Tom Jorden: Well, it's all about shareholder return. So we think first and foremost, beginning in about shareholder return. Now we will see, I think we're at a bit of a pivot point with what's happening with energy markets. I think there's been a societal realization that oh, my goodness, maybe fossil fuels are important, after all, certainly all markets have moved up, gas markets have moved up. If we have any kind of a winner. There's going to be a serious call on natural gas in the United States. And, we don't live in a vacuum. Although today, I think, we are absolutely committed to everything we've said that we think growth is probably may call for. But, we wake up every day and we're flexible. So what we don't want to do is get back to this cycle where capital is destroyed by the industry, putting the pedal to the floor when times are high. And then suffering when times are low. We're going to be disciplined. We're going to move prudently. But we don't live in a vacuum, we will adapt to the world we live in and there'll be shareholder pressure that will also adapt to that changing world. So Coterra has great opportunity to be flexible through this changing energy landscape.
Neal Dingmann: Great, well said. And then just a follow up, now everything has closed, where do you all sit just on sort of blocking and tackling on M&A? Are there some pieces that you can let go or there's some other things that you'd like to bolt on to sort of tie in, just wanting to know any thoughts you can share with that?
Tom Jorden: Well, we always would like to let go straight properties. We still have some things that probably are better off in other people's hands, not big chunks of our portfolio, but every now and then somebody pitches, hey, we've got this set of wells, it's just not very efficient for us to operate. And we'll continue to look for those opportunities. And then, we remain interested in bolt-ons, but I'll just say what I said to an earlier question, we're going to be highly disciplined. We're not empire building here. We're value creating. And that will be our goal.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Deckelbaum with Cowen. Please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: I really just had one question. I'm curious, especially Tom, you brought up the Anadarko. And I know we're going to be getting into capital allocation in early '22 for next year. Would there be any interest on Coterra's part now considering third party capital or other developmental structures using someone else's wallet to develop some of the resources that you might have a difficult time allocating capital to? Or does it really just make sense, given the leverage profile now? And the returns to sort of look at doing everything organically?
Tom Jorden: David, we are very open to those types of opportunities. We've explored a couple of them. And kind of depends, you mentioned Anadarko, but I think we'd be open to opportunities like that in some of the areas of the Permian as well. We haven't pulled the trigger on anything like that. But I'll say we have a very active team that's putting some options in front of us. So I don't know whether we'll do it or not. But your question is, would we be open to it? And the answer is absolutely.
David Deckelbaum: At the end of the day, I guess, what if you were to pursue something like that? Would you be looking, what would you be looking to accomplish above all else? Is there other areas like the Anadarko that are just not optimized from a capital perspective? Or would this have to be an opportunity that really just sort of augmenting near term free cash per share?
Tom Jorden: Well, I would put this in the embarrassment of riches category, where when we look at our inventory, we have some things that are years down the road in our inventory, but there are others for whom they would jump at the opportunity to competently invest that those returns. And so, when we look at that, we say, if something isn't going to get drilled for the next eight or 10 years, and yet it has a return profile that would be highly enticing to an outside party, we look at the opportunity to accelerate that value. And that's kind of how we think of it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate: I wonder if I could -- I hit I should turn the question but I would like to read back to a little bit of the rationale for the commotion, less volatility stronger balance sheet. Recognition of a variable dividend is a bit of a subjective call I guess what about the base dividend, if you've got lower volatility out of balance sheet, why not step up and base dividend?
Scott Schroeder: Doug, its Scott Schroeder. How are you? In terms of the base dividend, let's kind of reset the platform here, Legacy Cabot had a base dividend increase in the spring of 2021. And then on announcement in May, there was a second dividend increase, going from the $0.11 to the $0.125 that was memorialized right now in this first Coterra dividend that was announced. We're firm believers in a plan to rationally grow the base dividend over time. But with having just done two, and knowing that we're in a very robust commodity price environment, let's kind of see how this shakes out. Because we do, as you pointed out, have the ability to continue to return with the variable dividend structure that we put in place. And let me add on that, remember the legacy Cabot one was once a year that Coterra because of the financial wherewithal is going to do that assessment every single quarter, which gets dividends back in the hands of shareholders quicker. And so again, we're all in favor of growing the base dividend, but in a methodical way. You'll remember I said, in my history, I'm all for it. And I never want to get too far over our skis where we would ever have to ratchet it back. And in this legal enterprise in 31 years of paying a dividend has never had to call that audible or even reduce it. And we want to continue to build from that point.
Doug Leggate: So it's a fair debate, I think the issue is about recognition. [Technical Difficulty].
Scott Schroeder: Hey, Doug. You are cutting out of bunch. I mean we are hearing about every other word.
Doug Leggate: [Technical Difficulty]
Scott Schroeder: Doug, you're going to have to just follow up with us, because we can't hear you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey, guys, just wanted to follow up a little bit on a few of your comments here. Certainly, I guess you guys have pledged to return, 50% of basically cash flow to shareholders here and just want to get a sense if we continue to see just a very robust commodity tape as we roll into '22. Sounds like that number could be a fair bit higher than that. You guys did talk about discipline. So it sounds like, you're not planning on, you know, all that much growth for '22. So, commodities are high, given the fact that balance sheets really strong to sound like we could be expecting certainly some increases in the returns here. Is that generally how I'm hearing here?
Tom Jorden: Yes, Leo. That would be correct. Just based on the simple math of what the scenario you laid out. Yes. Leo, I would say, our action this morning to advance our variable dividend a quarter is telegraphing that's our bias, since we, our bias is to lean forward. Now, we want to be careful what we commit to. And but I think as we get quarter by quarter, you're going to see how we behave, and that bias will be clear.
Leo Mariani: Okay, that's helpful. And then just wanted to touch base on a couple number questions here. So certainly notice that the Cabot standalone lop was up a little bit in third quarter. So just wanted to get, any kind of color around that, if that was more, maybe one time, in nature? And then, just from a high-level perspective, I know you guys did provide some guidance on deferred taxes here in the fourth quarter, which is helpful, but would you guys continue to expect a decent sized tax shield in '22, kind of like you're seeing in 4Q, just want to get a sense of the tax shields in the combined entity?
Matt Kerin: Hey, Leo. This is Matt Kerin. On the LOE for legacy Cabot, those numbers can move around a little bit quarter-to-quarter, depending on some of the workover projects we have. So we did have an increase in workover. And q3 to kind of cause to become a little bit above the high end of the range, but somewhere in that $0.08 to $0.10 range on a legacy Cabot basis is where we would expect that number to be done on a go forward basis. As a relates to deferred taxes. I'm going to hand it over to Dan Guffey when it comes to that.
Dan Guffey: Sure. Thanks, Matt. So we gave guidance for 30% to 40% on a deferred tax basis, and we've communicated in terms of 382 annotations and built-in games, we would expect the $1.3 billion of NOLs that were on Cimarexs balance sheet at 9:30, to be a shield that is ratably spread over the next four to five quarters. As we discussed in prior calls, we would expect that NOLs could be fully utilized during 2022 based on current strike prices. As we walk into 2022, you can expect the deferred portion to be in that 30% to 40% range, again, depending heavily on commodity prices, investment levels, but we do expect full utilization of the NOLS by year end 2022.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Noel parks with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Noel Parks: Just had a couple things I want to check in on. You've had some discussion of a cost inflation and sounds like you anticipate being able to use operational efficiencies to offset some of that going forward. I just wonder that does that plan, do your thinking at all around whether strategically, Coterra or the industry broader is going to need to inch back towards thinking more about scale. The focus has been so much on efficient, maintenance, drilling. But if there is steady cost inflation, at some point, it seems that the thinking does start to head more over towards perhaps, operations over a narrower set of base and or just other things that we should sort of, maximize the potential for scale.
Tom Jorden: Well, we've talked about scale a lot over the years. And, I'm going to repeat what I've said in past calls. The first big ticker on scale are long laterals, if you can get two or three of our laterals, there's tremendous cost savings there. So aggregating your land to be able to do that is critically important. And then, an aggregation so you can most efficiently deploy your infrastructure dollars, both gas gathering and compression software disposal or gathering is also important. think beyond that, certainly, procurement is an important scale topic. But quite frankly, I think scale can be overblown. I think once you check those boxes, and you have a really great operational team, that you're down to very small differences between certainly huge companies and scrappy little companies. Scale alone where the answer, I think the majors would have the lowest cost structure in our business. And clearly, that's not the case. And so I think scale is important. But it's important to a point. In each of our three basins, we have the opportunity to have the lowest cost structure. And that's our challenge. We don't use scale as an excuse, we think we've got what we need to deliver lowest costs. Now, I want to say one other thing. Our vendors are our partners, and they need to make a significant living as well. They need to show up with well-maintained equipment, a commitment to safety and well-trained crews. And so we understand some of this inflation is an inevitable outcome of good partnerships. And so, of course, we're going to complain like crazy, but we're also going to be supportive of our vendors.
Noel Parks: Fair enough, thanks. And I guess one of the thing I want to check in on is, is you have stressed the many fronts on which the combined companies enjoy tremendous workability, especially in this commodity price environment. And as you look ahead and think about product mix, that you might pursue across the various basins. Can you talk a little bit about how ESG or policy risk might weigh into your thoughts about oil versus gas, including what's going to happen with the federal lease permits and so on?
Tom Jorden: Well, yes, we certainly widely aware of the challenges in such as federal and state, its investor pressure, it's everywhere we look. We're committed to be a top tier operator in ESG. As I said in my opening remarks, that doesn't necessarily fall into a commodity preference. We think we can deliver the cleanest barrel of oil and the cleanest MCF of gas and we think the U.S. producer is desperately needed to be both. Coterra will be at the front of the line on that. I don't think it will have any kind of thumb on the scale, on capital allocation decisions, nor necessarily will commodity mix. The beauty of Coterra is, capital is going to flow to its highest, most productive return. And that's what we're going to do. We're going to be disciplined in doing that.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tom Jorden, CEO and President for any closing remark.
Tom Jorden: Well, thank you for joining us on this first Coterra conference call. We look forward to reporting results over many more quarters delivering what we promised and reporting our progress. But I want to thank you for a series of great questions. And we're going to get back at it. So thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call and Webcast. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Philippe, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's second quarter of 2021 earnings call. As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in this mornings earnings release. Our results for the second quarter 2021 reinforced the positive them from our first quarter results with a significant increase in realized prices, year-over-year driving exponential growth in our financial metrics.  Adjusted net income for the quarter was $105 million or $0.26 per share which represents over a five-fold increase in adjusted earnings per share relative to the prior year period, driven primarily by 35% increase in our realized natural gas prices.  During the quarter, we also delivered positive free cash flow of $64 million, our 18th quarter of positive free cash flow over the last 21 quarters resulting in a $127 million improvement in free cash flow relative to the second quarter of 2020.  During the second quarter we returned over two-thirds of our free cash flow to shareholders through our base quarterly dividend as we continue to emphasize our strategic focus on returning a majority of our free cash flow to shareholders.  We continued to improve on our industry-leading cost structure during the quarter as demonstrated by 2% year-over-year improvement of all-in operating expenses to $1.41 per Mcfe, excluding a $6.2 million of expenses during the second quarter related to the pending merge with Cimarex Energy, our unit cost improved by 4% relative to prior year period.  Production for the second quarter of 2021 was 1% below our guidance range due to longer than anticipated maintenance-related midstream downtime, primarily resulting from one of our third-party providers compression station and operational delays during the quarter that pushed the timing of certain wells gone on production later in the second quarter and into the first part of the third quarter.  Our production volumes this third quarter to-date had averaged approximately 2.3 Bcf per day, a 4% increase relative to our second quarter production levels. We incurred $166 million in capital expenditure during the second quarter, a 5% reduction relative to the prior year period.  Our capital for the quarter was in line with our prior guidance for higher activity levels in the second and third quarters, which are expected to result in a sequential production growth during the second half of this year, primarily during the fourth quarter in anticipation of higher realized natural gas prices and the in service of the Leidy South expansion project.  We also drilled five more net wells and completed a 121 more stages than originally planned during the second quarter, highlighting continued efficiency gains in our operations. Our balance sheet remains as strong as ever with less than $900 million of net debt as of quarter end resulting in a net leverage ratio of less than one times trailing 12 month EBITDA.  We expect to continue to reduce our absolute debt levels during the third quarter through the repayment of a $100 million tranche of debt maturing in September. On the pricing front, our basis for natural gas prices entering this year has continued to materialize resulting in significant year-over-year gains in natural gas prices across North America.  Through July 2021, NYMEX prices have risen 61%, compared to the same timeframe in 2020, while Leidy prices have increased by 42% over the same period despite transitory pipeline maintenance and additives that resulted in wider reach in our basis differentials during the second quarter of 2021. We have recently witnessed forward prices and cash prices across Appalachias sales locations beginning to compress and trend back to their historic pricing relationships.  We have updated our full year differential guidance of $0.50 to $0.55 to $0.70 to $0.75, primarily as a result of the impact of higher anticipated NYMEX prices relative to our fixed price sales agreement and to a lesser extent wider regional basis differentials.  Our prior differential guidance from our first quarter earnings release in the late April was based on a $2.75 NYMEX for the year while our updated guidance is based on an average NYMEX price of approximately $3.35 implied by actual year-to-date and the future curve for the balance of the year. At the midpoint of our updated guidance range, our pre-hedged natural price realizations are now expected to be 18% higher than our prior guidance from late April and 60% higher than our actual 2020 price realizations.  Third quarter 2021 differentials are expected to widen relative to the second quarter with a tightening expected in the fourth quarter. We are extremely encouraged by natural gas prices for the balance of the year with the current NYMEX futures are averaging over $4 despite wider differentials in the northeast during the second quarter, we are optimistic about a strong improvement in local pricing in the second half of the year driven by our expectations for continued strength in regional gas demand, flat production profiles across the Appalachian Basin and a significant reduction in each storage levels which are currently 17% below 2020 levels and 8% below five year average.  Of equal importance, we are very optimistic on the impact of the Leidy South expansion project that is projected to be placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2021 and will deliver 580 million cubic foot per day of Northeast Pennsylvania production volumes to the mid-Atlantic market area, while further improving Cabots realized pricing.  Additionally, the PennEast and Regional East access expansion projects are projected to be in service between 2022 and 2024, which will move even more supply out of the basin and into growing demand markets. As we work forward to 2022, we are extremely encouraged by the improvement in the TAL 2022 NYMEX futures to approximately $3.50 or 34% increase since the beginning of the year.  We are currently unhedged in 2022 providing significant exposure to a strong natural gas price environment that supports an improving cash flow profile. In this mornings release, we reaffirmed our full year standalone 2021 plan to deliver an average net production rate of 2.35 Bcf per day from a capital program of $530 million to $540 million.  Our capital guide range for the year remain unchanged despite the increase in our expected net well drill  net wells drilled from 80 to 85 resulting from our continued drilling efficiencies. We also provided our third quarter 2021 production guidance range of 2.275 Bcf to 2.325 Bcf per day. The third quarter guidance range implies sequential production growth of 4% relative to the second quarter at the midpoint, while we anticipate approximately 10% of sequential production growth from the third quarter into the fourth quarter coinciding with higher natural gas prices and the in service of the Leidy South expansion project.  Third quarter capital expenditures are expected to decrease slightly relative to second quarter with a greater sequential decline anticipated in the fourth quarter driven by lower activity levels as we enter the winter season.  Operationally, we continue to execute our program in line with guidance, while financially, our outlook for 2021 is much stronger as a result of higher expected realized prices. Based on the current strip, our standalone free cash flow for the second half of the year is expected to be approximately two times of first half free cash flow, excluding the impact of merger-related expenses.  I also want to provide a brief update on our pending merge with Cimarex, as we are excited to share about the compelling, strategic and financial benefits of our merge and we continue to make progress towards closing the fourth quarter of 2021. As I noted, when announced the transaction, at the end of May, we carefully studied the long-term benefits of expanding geographically beyond the Marcellus Shale and adding more scale and balance to operations.  The pending merge will accelerate out strategy and create an industry-leading operator with geographic and commodity diversity, scale, financial strength to thrive in todays market and over the long-term across the commodity price cycles. With the addition of Cimarex oil assets in the Permian and Anadarko Basins to our natural gas assets in the Marcellus Shale, we will be a more resilient company with scale and strong positions in the premier oil and gas basins in the United States.  Together, we will have top quality assets and the lowest cost of supply profile relative to our upstream peers, which will facilitate free cash flow generation, shareholder value creation and an accelerated return of capital to shareholders. With our increased footprint, we will have complementary oil exposure with low cost, high margin assets and we will be positioned to capture opportunities from both near-term oil demand and long-term natural gas transition to fuel demand.  Compared to Cabots standalone, the combined business will be able to return substantially more capital to shareholders, especially in light of the improvement in natural gas prices and to a lesser extent oil prices since the deal was announced in late May. This best-in-class capital profile return will be driven by a high quality portfolio that delivers significant free cash flow through cycles, a very low cost of supply through consolidation of Cabot and Cimarexs top-tier teams and assets and a reduced cost of capital due to increased scale, a strong balance sheet and increased liquidity.  In short, combining the Cimarex with Cimarex will create a clearly differentiated energy company with a strong financial foundation and the right assets exposure and capital allocation flexibility to deliver peer-leading capital returns, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. As a stronger, more resilient company, we will be well positioned to generate substantial free cash flow through commodity cycles facilitate best-in-class capital returns and deliver enhanced shareholder value.  I would like to acknowledge the incredible work and dedication of our employees. I believe we have the best employees in the world and Ive been inspired by the commitment over the last year. To our Cabot employees, you have my deepest appreciation.  Looking ahead, we remain on track to close the transaction in the fourth quarter of 2021, shortly after receiving shareholder approval. We look forward to continuing to engage with our shareholders in the weeks ahead regarding the benefits of the pending merge. This transaction builds on and accelerates the strategy we have been executing and I hope you will share our excitement and enthusiasm for the future. Together, with Cimarex, we intend to deliver, superior, long-term value creation for our shareholders and other stakeholders.  And Philips, with that, I'll be more happy to answer any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. Your line is open. 
Leo Mariani : Hi guys. I was hoping you could talk a little bit to the mechanics of the 10% production increase in the fourth quarter. It seems like a really big jump here. Just trying to get a sense of whether or not maybe there have been some volumes held back here in 3Q or 2Q just on the wider dips. Just trying to get a sense mechanically if you are just opening up the wells a little bit more or maybe a lot of its timing of turning lines. But just kind of help us get to that 10%? 
Dan Dinges: Yes. We appreciate the question. With the cadence that the North Group has set up and built strong acreage here with us this morning. But with the cadence that has been set up for our 2021 program, which was done certainly a while back, the timing of just when we bring on those locations is what enhances that fourth quarter production growth.  And keep in mind, by design somewhat to be able to take advantage of the anticipated fourth quarter increase in the pricing, but it was also designed in anticipation of the Leidy South coming online and commissioning.  So, by design, but keep in mind when we have just so few pads that we bring on during the year, we are  and you had seen it in the past how if you delay three or four or five days bringing on a big pad, it can either enhance your production on any given quarter or slightly reduce your production on any given quarter, but it is a very, very narrow period of time that thats disruptive one way or the other.  But this fourth quarter increase was somewhat by design on the cadence us accelerating our capital this year upfront and kind of dissipating a little bit towards the back end into the winter months. 
Leo Mariani : Okay. Thats helpful. And maybe just a follow-up on your expectations there. So, can you just update us on kind of when do you think that the Leidy South expansion comes on? Is that going to be earlier in the fourth quarter? Maybe a little bit better and can you talk a little bit to the benefit that you are expecting in terms of local pricing around that? And then, lastly did you mention you are still on hedge for 2022 despite the ability to hedge it, I guess, the $3.50 right now. So maybe just provide any thoughts around that.
Dan Dinges: Very good. I will just mention first the hedge kind of out of the way. I will let Jeff weigh in also on the Leidy South. But we are looking at the market. We are looking at the macro environment. We keep a close eye on the storage. As we mentioned, storage levels up in the east are drawn down significantly from last year and below the five year average. Thats all constructive to a 2022 pricing. So we are keeping a close eye on that. Do I think well have some hedge volumes in 2022 at some point? Yes, I do. And our hedge committee meets on a fairly regular basis to have that discussion. But weve been bullish for the reasons we are all aware, where natural gas prices have been going. We are also aware that the capital constraints that is being demonstrated by industry is constructive to the macroenvironment. And we look forward to that continuing certainly for Cabot. The fact, Leidy South, Jeff, I am going to let you talk about and what you expect as you do it.
Jeffrey Hutton : Okay. Well, thank you, Leo. Leidy South, as you know was  has been on the drawing mode for a number of years and for Cabot, its an incremental 250,000 a day of the in-basin area. And for Seneca, leadership around the project is 330,000 a day from Western  Northeast PA. For Cabot, the expansion involved a couple of new compressor stations and some expansion of existing stations. Those projects are early much complete, a little bit happy begun and some we are just seeing there. We are going through to frac that up. But you anticipate a full service on December 1. However, there could be rough volumes available prior to that, the likely timing of outcome time during August. For the rest of the project, that includes the pipe replacement which are on schedule. We do have our monthly upgrades with Williams and Transco and everything is on schedule. So, incremental for Cabot and it does move further volume out of in-basin pricing down to the Mid-Atlantic area. The most part weve already secured markets. We have some opportunities and some auctions here that we are going to wait and see on. So we will pick up primarily the difference between the Mid-Atlantic prices and in-basin pricing. Although our expectations with basin pricing will materially improve with the low eastern storage levels and other fundamentals. 
Leo Mariani : Okay. Thanks guys. 
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Leo
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Chase. Your line is open. 
Arun Jayaram : Yes. Good morning. Maybe a follow-up to Leos question kind of Leidy South. Dan, can you give us maybe your thoughts on how this influenced your views on differentials in 2022 when you get that expansion? And also just wondering if you can maybe remind us of the transport cost on that pipe? 
Dan Dinges: Yes. Ill just make a telecommentary Arun, and Ill let Jeff follow-up. But my view of the differentials is, its going to be very constructive. We realized the reason for this and having higher differentials is just the gas-on-gas competition and exacerbated by too much production to little takeaway. Half Bcf  greater than a half a Bcf a day into the markets in the basin and essentially just light out of our neck of the wood is going to be constructive. And we feel very good about it. And I think well see improvements and you are already seeing out there some improvements from today as you move up. So, we were constructive and look forward to the other in my commentary. We look forward to the other pipelines into  in the 2020 to 2022 to 2024 period also to be constructive for the differentials up in the northeast. 
Arun Jayaram : Great. Great. And just my follow-up, Dan, we are getting a, call it a near-term kind of price signal on natural gas, but the back end of the curve still kind of remains below $3. Obviously, its maybe a different decision with the Cimarex merger. But I just want to get your thoughts on what type of price signal would you need to think about adding a little bit of growth to the market is obviously the prices today well above your hurdle rate getting an adequate kind of rate of return. 
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have a program thats lined out and weve as we discussed in the past as couldnt close the maintenance a very low growth. And right now our plan is to stick with that. You can look at a  you can look at the impacts on differentials and you can look at your program and it makes sense for us to deliver into a market that is well tuned on supply and demand versus one thats oversupplied. We think that makes more sense. We think it is of more value to the shareholders not moving as much gas of your inventory, your asset base for a better price point than moving more gas out of your inventory for a less price point. So we are pleased with what we are  how we are programming going forward. The increased price is not going to be the driver we look at the dips, the realizations and more importantly, we look at the takeaway thats coming and then measuring its effects on the dips going forward. And Ill let Jeff make a comment also. 
Jeffrey Hutton : Yes. So, to your first question. I would not argue that the fundamentals have driven the or at least the differentials to a point where in total months and with other factors. There has been a little bit disappointing this year. As I spoke earlier about the pipe replacement on the system for the Leidy South expansion, that was a huge issue in May of this year did not affect Cabot operationally than in the basin we saw. Differentials drop from about $0.80 down to $1.80 not really for any good reasons, but the markets did not anticipate the duration of the pipeline pricing of Transco. All that said, back to your original question, the rate is $0.50 per Mmbtu for Cabot on our end to get out of the basin down to the Mid-Atlantic market. That compares to a$0. 65 rate that we currently have on the Atlantic Cimarex project which was the  of course the original foundation pipeline. 
Arun Jayaram : Great. Thanks for your color and congrats to your team for not hedging. That makes to be a good call I think. 
Dan Dinges: Thanks, Arun. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein with Wolfe Research. Your line is open. 
Josh Silverstein : Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to talk about the stock pricing and the forward curve. Your stock is down 12% over the past year, while the 2022 curve is now up about 35% over that time period. We are not trying to get aggressive given that that dislocation that youve had thats out there right now, buyback your stock. How to really take advantage of this environment as it seems like thats probably the only way to get this to close right now, given some of the uncertainty around those transactions. So, just curious around that. 
Dan Dinges: Yes. Josh, Ill let Scott to respond to that, but we still have all the arrows in our quiver and we are also certainly being disappointed with where our stock range is. But Ill let Scott handle that. 
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Josh, I think its a very good point and I think under normal circumstances and what I mean by normal circumstances will be Cabot standalone. That would be higher on the discussion list, particularly it would have been this week and our Board room and our Board Meeting, especially with mass modeling looking at the fact that we are going to double the free cash flow generation in the second part of the year. Our standalone commitment to return 50% in cash still plenty of availability to make that. What changes that dynamic is the announcement of the merger, but also all the things that weve laid out in anticipation of the closing of the merger, the special dividend and those aspects. We want to make sure and manage our capital in this transitionary period, so that when we come out together by the end of the year, before the quarter close by the time we report at the end of the year, we still have locked down on the balance sheet. This, as Dan said, will be still be an arrow in the quiver. We have had a couple of shareholders talk to us about this in investor calls more recently. As you know, when we look back at us, it has been part of our dynamic and will continue to be part of the dynamic going forward. As you know in the announcement I am still in this same share in the combined organization. So, appreciate the question. Not the right time at this moment. But past all the noise with the merger and I think its definitely on the table for a big discussion. 
Josh Silverstein : Thanks a lot. Yes. And I agree and I think it could be higher with that uncertainty of the transaction there. And then, just on the free cash flow estimate that youve outlined for between now and 2024, the $5.7 billion, can you just talk about some of the assumptions behind that? How much comes from the Cimarex asset base versus your asset base? Or what are the assumptions around that? Are you, call it, basically in a maintenance mode in Northeast PA? Just any sort of assumptions around that will be helpful. 
Dan Dinges: Well, Josh, higher free cash flow as we mentioned in the second half of the year is going to be, say, double our first half of the year. And just looking at what our capital program allocation is, and looking at what we anticipate the realizations are going to be. And its  and I know your models out there are starting to pick up on that also. We still have a  certainly a significant unhedged volume and rolling into 2022, looking at forward curve on the 2022 free cash flow which from our internal models is significantly better than we had guided looking at it earlier in this year. So, but, right now, our cash flow is designed on our expectations. The design on the macro and our capital program that weve given guidance for. 
Josh Silverstein : Alright. Thanks guys.
Dan Dinges: Thanks, Josh. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Doug Leggate: Thanks. I appreciate you are doing on the call this morning. Dan, two questions. [Indiscernible] on takeaway capacity. You kind of laid out over and then post the merger, but youve laid that enough you have given strongly I guess. Youve laid out the takeaway capacity expansion you expect over the next couple of years. Does that move Cabot back to expansion mode from the standalone assets? And thats  what would you see as your 
Dan Dinges: Doug, let me interrupt you one second if I could. Your phone and I am talking to Phil, your phone is cutting in and out and I am having a very difficult time receiving your question. 
Doug Leggate: Alright. Ill pick up the phone is that any better, Dan? 
Dan Dinges: Yes. Lets try that. 
Doug Leggate: Okay. Ill try with my headset its obviously putting up today. Sorry about that. So, my question is on takeaway capacity, what does it means for Cabots longer term plateau production level? Where do you think you can get to albeit with  you are obviously not going to be in the shale longer term and a lot of value is already, but what do you think the ultimate takeaway production capacity to be for Cabot longer term? That would be the simple part of the question. 
Dan Dinges: The ultimate production? 
Doug Leggate: Yes. With the line of sight you have on takeaway capacity today, where do you think you can get to over the next couple of years? 
Dan Dinges: Well, I am not going to speculate out that far. We have a enhancing takeaway capacity in the basin. But by the Leidy South and the PennEast and the Regional Access, so we are pleased to see additional takeaways there that we have a long, long runway of premier locations in front of us. Weve managed our program right now to glide on a maintenance capital in light of the macro. And so, right now, the shareholders like to see a significant amount of free cash flow. They also like to see a strong balance sheet. We are able to deliver both of those, but I would only be speculating as far as maybe the timing of those lines when they would be commissioned and what the macro market is way out in front of us to answer that. I can say this. If you are just wanting drill wells and drill them for a long time and bring in the equipment and frac crews to be able to get them done to increase production, it could increase significantly from where it is today and I mean, significantly. But I am not going speculate on the amount where it might go in the next couple of years. 
Doug Leggate: And Matt has done a pretty good job explaining how you guys kind of led to charge on capital discipline during your ten year time. So Ill congratulate you on that. My second question if I may is, really on the merger. And again, for Cabot, this has clearly achieved a lot of things. The S4 is now. We cannot see what happened. But I am just curious to the extent that you can share from the discussions you had with your shareholders, are you at all concerned about the pushback from Cimarex shareholders that are going to own a much gassier company and as the selling company did not going to process. Are you concerned that that could get in the way of this closing? I am just curious looking your pushback to them. 
Dan Dinges: Well, I am kind of constrained somewhat on the details of the merge. But I will say this, that we are combining these companies for the reasons that I outlined in my comments. Its going to be a much stronger company, more resilient company and positioned to drive the significant free cash flow across the cycles. We are seeing cycles right now where natural gas is having its another day in the sun and its enhancing the cash flow of Cabot and I think its a benefit to both Cabot and in a combined world, it would be a benefit. So, long-term, and you look at the natural gas as a dynamic energy product of the future, I dont know how you cannot embrace a combination that creates the resiliency and the type of company that we are going to have going forward with a extremely strong balance sheet and with a disciplined objective of delivering significant free cash flow back to shareholders. I dont know how any shareholder could not be excited about the future of this combination. 
Doug Leggate: Yes, I think the issue is lack of industrial overlap. Dan, as I am sure you know, because all of the above could have been achieved with a lot more synergies I think is the issue. But I appreciate your comments and thanks so much for the answer. 
Dan Dinges: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Neil Mehta: Yes. Good morning, team. Just wanted to follow-up on  has been following the announcement, then at the acquisition, you talked about a variable dividend and you put out a reasonable peak of the estimate of what you think is special or a dividend could be. Can you talk about as you look at the forward curve into 2022? Give us an estimate of what you think that variable dividend could look like next year? 
Dan Dinges: Yes, I will say this. I think, the variable dividend is going to look very good and particularly compared to the way it looked at the beginning of this year. However, Ill let Scott give you some color off of. 
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Hi Neil. Thanks, Neil. Remember the variable dividend or we called it supplemental was to return 50% of the free cash flow in cash back to shareholders. And that is memorialized going forward in the new company. So, obviously, in the new company, going forward with the broader base, the broader commodity mix, obviously the higher realizations on the oil side, its going to be fairly robust in terms of not only whats part of the variable, the increase in the base dividend to the $0.50 level. Its also been a pre-announced for the transaction. So, again, as we got to come together, put the models together, put combined guidance out for the new year, but I think its safe to say that remember the key point in that message was a minimum of 50% of free cash flow is being returned in cash. 
Neil Mehta: Okay. Great. And then, the follow-up is just on the Henry hub gas market here. As you think about overall gas flat prices, if we do have a cold winter, you can start to really design some real upside scenarios. Can you talk about what you ultimately think creates a feeling on natural gas in that scenario? Historically, we thought about gas to coal substitution as the balancing item, but with it as much coal-fired capacity having been shut as it has that that mechanism right now be as pronounced. But you also have the potential for Canadian gas flow for example or shutting down the LNG org. So, how do you think about, what is the mechanism that on the natural gas side that can offset a potential demand impact due to a very cold winter?
Dan Dinges: Yes. Thanks, Neil and I will turn that to Jeff, our gas expert. 
Jeffrey Hutton : Yes, Neil, thats an intriguing question, because we have  we thought about that here too. The impact of the demand across the country currently was record exports into Mexico and obviously a very robust LNG export market that is perhaps consistent day in and day out. You got a few hiccups here and there with the evolving maintenance and things like that.  But just over the last couple of years we are watching the demand increase. Even in the Pacific Northwest you mentioned the Canadian imports thats been interesting to watch as we see agro products out there and the positioning is done more exports from Canada has in that direction and then to the upper Midwest.  Thats actually influenced the source levels in the upper Midwest. I think they are  well, somewhere well over a 100 Bcf well this time last year, same as the east coast levels. So your question about how can it go is a good question. And our many units supports  we think about that or  about that. And so, fundamentally we are set up for a good year.  A year of capital employed and yes, a good winter spot for the country this year. It impacts the system and there will be price increases. We are prepared to [Indiscernible] to our customers. The source levels will not get to where they were this time last year as well an impact.  So, how, I think that go is relative taking again the New York market, the Boston market, the Chicago market and other areas that do lack the amount of storage that we had last year. So, we are expecting later. I dont know if there is a cap of necessarily for, $4, $5, $6, weve seen $8 in the New York market in the past. So, I think its all on the table at this point. 
Neil Mehta: Thanks guys. 
Dan Dinges: Thanks you, Neil.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Pickering Energy Partners. Your line is open. 
David Heikkinen: Yes. Good morning, all and thanks for taking the question. I wanted to make sure that I am thinking about one of the synergies of the merger correctly. So, for standalone Cabot, we had your cash taxes increasing over time just given where you were and now, particularly , with the increasing commodity prices, just wanted to get some of your thoughts on deferred tax percentage. But then once you are merged, you get the benefit of the Cimarex NOLs and if you could talk a little bit about how cash taxes change in the Cabot standalone and then the new company, that just be helpful to kind of quantify that benefit to you?
Dan Dinges: No, I have both Matt and Scott here and we have all kinds of modeling run on all of that getting into the details, David, we can do once we get the  all the shareholder approval. But 
David Heikkinen: Maybe what would your cash taxes have been just standalone would be helpful and then talk about with those merge?
Dan Dinges: Yes. Okay. Thanks, David. 
Matt Kerin: Hey, David. Its Matt. Yes we are currently 30% deferred this year 70% current and that could be maybe even with the environment that we are looking at today. As we all go to 2022 and beyond, if we were a standalone and wed be looking that number at our deferred and so we are taking down a little bit. But in the 350 environment, although thats 20%, 25% next year its something on a new on the 350, but the double then maybe very sensitive to the movement in pricing and obviously what we are going to look at that we certainly will be able to take advantage of our IT. 
David Heikkinen: Yes. Thats moving commodity is makes us feel even better for you all as you get that benefit. So I was just trying to quantify. Thats helpful. Thank you. 
Dan Dinges: Thanks, David. 
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for closing remarks. 
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Philippe, and thank you all for tuning in. We look forward to the future for Cabot, its shareholders and we are extremely excited about the combination with Cimarex, the quality of people they have. The asset quality they have. Its a bright, bright opportunity for the future for both shareholder groups. And we are certainly committed to be able to deliver all that weve represented to deliver if not more, once we obtain the shareholder approval and get closed in the early fourth quarter.  So, thanks again for your interest and we look forward to the next meeting we have. Thank you very much. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-30 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions]. I'd now like to turn the call over to Dan Dinges, Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Andrea, and good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's first quarter of 2021 earnings call. As a reminder, on today's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in yesterday's earning release. Our results for the first quarter demonstrate Cabot's ability to deliver significant growth and profitability and free cash flow in a more normalized natural gas price environment than what we experienced during 2020. Our adjusted net income and free cash flow increased by over 175% relative to the prior year period, driven in large part by a 34% increase in realized natural gas prices. Our free cash flow of $138 million was our highest level since the first quarter of 2019 and represented Cabot's 17th quarter with positive free cash flow over the last 20 quarters, all while fully covering our quarterly base dividend and the repayment of $88 million of senior notes that matured during the quarter. While higher realized prices were the primary driver of our stronger financial metrics, we also delivered another exceptional quarter operationally with our production of 2.29 Bcf per day, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance range. Our CapEx coming in below expectations and our operating expenses per unit improving relative to the prior year period despite higher G&A expenses related to a onetime charge associated with our recent early retirement program. Our balance sheet remains as strong it has ever been, with less than $900 million of net debt as of quarter end, resulting in a net leverage ratio of approximately 1x trailing 12-month EBITDA. This leverage ratio is expected to further improve throughout the year due to an increasing cash flow profile resulting from a higher natural gas price environment this year compared to the 25-year NYMEX low we experienced in 2020. Our fortress balance sheet provides significant financial flexibility and will allow us to continue to return a significant amount of our free cash flow to shareholders this year and for years to come. This uniquely differentiates us from so many in our industry today who are approaching the inflection of positive free cash flow generation, but will be forced to utilize that free cash flow for significant balance sheet repair in medium term as opposed to capital return to shareholders. On the topic of capital returns, yesterday, we announced a 10% increase in our quarterly base dividend to $0.11 per share, which on an annualized basis represents a base dividend yield of 2.6%. As we highlighted on our year-end call, we are fully committed to a base plus supplemental dividend strategy, which incorporates a growing base dividend and an annual supplemental dividend to arrive at our minimum capital return target of at least 50% of our annual free cash flow. Based on the current natural gas price outlook for this year, we expect to generate excessive free cash flow above our minimum capital return target and our debt repayment. This excess free cash flow is anticipated to be earmarked for additional capital returns, including opportunistic share repurchases, especially given the recent equity underperformance and/or incremental supplemental dividends as we have provided in the last few years. On the operations front, Cabot has implemented a focused stage-by-stage completion design along each newly drilled wellbore to maximize production and minimize potential impacts to adjacent parent wells. Based on an in-depth engineering and geologic analysis of each offset well, our team develops a customized, segmented completion design for each new well lateral. Design variables include the volume of fluid pump, profit concentration, cluster spacing and the treating rate for each section along the wellbore. This concept was utilized on each of the 4 pads and 21 wells that were placed on production in the first quarter with 2 to 4 different completion designs utilized in various sections of each lateral. Additional safeguards were also employed to protect the 33 parent wells, which partially or fully offset these 21 new wells. Safeguards included the use of deep-set retrievable bridge plug and the installation of tubing and capillary strings in parent wells when bringing them back online. Our customized completion design in conjunction with offset mitigation measures to protect parent wells yielded very positive results. Collectively, our new wells on these 4 pads are meeting pre-drill expectations, while the offset group of parent wells are producing above pre-drill test rates. We have seen very little impact to the parent wells with only 3 of the 33 parent wells having a combined impact of only 2 million cubic foot per day. We are very pleased with these results. To remain on operations, Cabot has implemented another program enhancement operation. Cabot recently initiated a well pad compression program, which incorporates clean burn emission control systems. To date, we have installed compression on 6 of our pads. The pad compression - compressors are to achieve a 10% to 15% pressure reduction at each of our installations, resulting in increased production rates and an EUR uplift of 5 to 15 Bcf per pad, all while delivering triple-digit rates of return and an average finding cost below $0.20 per Mcf for the incremental reserves. We currently have plans for 5 additional pad compression installations this year. On the pricing front, we remain confident in our constructive outlook on natural gas pricing in both the short and midterm while we anticipate some near-term pressure on local basis differentials during the shoulder months. And as pipeline maintenance programs kick in, we expect to experience a much more bullish summer of 2021 and winter of 2021/'22 than our outlook at this time last year. To begin, the global LNG supply and demand outlook this year is far more robust than what we experienced during the summer of 2020. U.S. LNG exports are currently averaging over 11 Bcf per day, an increase of 3 Bcf per day relative to the same period last year. Additionally, exports to Mexico continued to improve and recently set a record of over 7 Bcf per day, an increase of approximately 2 Bcf per day year-over-year, resulting in strong tailwinds for natural gas demand as we move into the second half of the year. On the supply side, we continue to see capital discipline throughout most basins, including Appalachia where production volumes are roughly half - roughly flat year-over-year and about 2.5 Bcf per day lower than the peak levels from fall of 2020. Despite higher natural gas prices, the rig count in Appalachia is down slightly relative to the same period last year, highlighting our belief that capital discipline across the basin remains intact. More broadly, dry gas production across the Lower 48 remains about 1.5 Bcf per day, below levels from the same period in 2020 and approximately 5 Bcf per day below pre-pandemic levels from late 2019. Currently, Lower 48 natural gas storage levels are 302 Bcf less than last year and 40 Bcf below the 5-year average. More importantly, the Northeast and Midwest, 2 regions that materially affect Northeast pricing and summer demand, are collectively 162 Bcf below last year, and that deficit is expected to widen over the next couple of weeks. As we look towards the end of season in October, storage levels are forecast to be around 3.5 Tcf or approximately 400 Bcf below October 2020 levels, setting up a much stronger scenario for the winter of 2021/2022. The 2021 NYMEX futures currently sits around $0.80 higher than the 2020 level. Though only a portion of the Cabot gas is affected, a widening basis in the Northeast has created some near-term headwinds for local prices. However, we are still expecting a material increase in our realized price year-over-year. This will result in a significant expansion of free cash flow and returns on and above capital. The recent widening was primarily due to a major pipeline replacement project scheduled for May on behalf of the Leidy South expansion project. However, we are optimistic that summer demand for LNG and storage will negate this project weakness in basis. Moreover, with the completion of the Leidy South expansion project, which includes 580 million cubic foot per day of new takeaway out of the basin and this is scheduled for December 1 in service, our expectation is Northeast differentials should return to a more moderate level. In yesterday's release, we reaffirmed our full year 2021 plan to deliver an average net production rate of 2.3 Bcf net per day from a capital program of $530 million to $540 million. We also provided a second quarter 2021 production guidance range of 2.225 to 2.227 Bcf per day. The second quarter production guidance implies a slight sequential decline relative to the first quarter, which is a result of lower activity levels and capital spending during the winter season. Activity levels are expected to increase in the second and third quarter, resulting in sequential growth during the second half of the year, primarily during the fourth quarter in anticipation of higher natural gas prices in the winter and in service of the Leidy South expansion project. While we all share the frustration regarding Cabot's recent underperformance, I firmly believe our expectations for outsized capital returns this year, which is underpinned by our disciplined capital program resulting in significant free cash flow expansion, will become more appreciated with time and continued execution. However, we remain fully committed to continuing our evaluation of all opportunities to further enhance shareholder value over time. And with that, Angie, I'll be more than happy to open the floor up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein with Wolfe Research.
Joshua Silverstein: You guys probably know where I'm going with this, but Dan, it goes right to your last comment there. The stock has significantly underperformed peers and underperformed the commodity price. Why not get more aggressive now and look at doing some aggressive buybacks now or return to capital profile now ahead of what you just outlined as a bullish backdrop for natural gas prices? It seems like the stock really need a spark to get it going outside of gas prices going higher. So just wanted to get some thoughts there as to what we've outlined recently for you guys.
Dan Dinges: Yes. We don't disagree with you, Josh. The underperformance is a standout, and we're disappointed with those results. To your point, we are looking at what I discussed. We're looking at the buyback platform. We're also in our - certainly, our most recent Board meeting we had this week, we've increased the dividend. It's obvious our balance sheet is in great shape. So along the lines that you're discussing, we are focusing on it, and we appreciate your comment and agree with your comment.
Joshua Silverstein: Would you guys be able to - or would be willing to take on some leverage to go and do that now, knowing that you can hedge out the forward curve a bit and rebuild that cash flow back up.
Dan Dinges: Yes, we've always been stewards of the balance sheet. And with as low as our leverage is today, we have ample capacity to do a number of things that would be, I think, constructive.
Joshua Silverstein: Got it. The other idea that we laid out was potentially using Cabot's premium multiple versus peers to go and make an acquisition since you guys can probably buy assets in the gas markets these days for 3 to 4x EBITDA that are currently producing free cash flow. What would be your thoughts around that? Or whether you might want to - and whether you would look outside the basin to go and do that?
Dan Dinges: Yes. When you look at the M&A space, and it's been active, of course, the pandemic put a lull on some of that from the standpoint of how trades might be able to make up with a significant volatility in the commodity price along with share prices. Every company has its own opinion about how they ought to trade and where they ought to trade. So when you talk about the M&A space and you look at how you put together a transaction that can be a win-win transaction, it's not easy to find that point in time to be able to make it work. I can assure you that Cabot has not done anything in our - we've traded sideways while there's been significant volatility in our peers' stock from way below us to exceeding us in the, say, the last 6 months. And it's been a stark contrast once you had support in the commodity price, you got out of the window of concern about overleveraged companies and their outcome and their attention to their balance sheet. The beta plays and the torque in that investment by investors has carried the day, and it's been significant. Cabot, with a clean balance sheet and cash flow for 17 out of 20 quarters, was - that was yesterday. And we recognize that there's opportunity out there in the market. We are conscious of it. We evaluate it. We are not sitting on our laurels. We have discussion in our boardroom. We had discussions in our boardroom this week about this topic. In fact, it was the majority of the conversation. So we're fully aware of kind of where we sit. We know the disappointment in Cabot's performance, share value performance. I happen to be a large shareholder also. I'm hacked off about it. And I'm not going to be sitting on my laurels, and the team's not. And we plan on looking for that best avenue to enhance shareholder value.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Leo Mariani with KeyBanc.
Leo Mariani: I was hoping that you could touch a little bit more on some of the issues with gas basis in Appalachia. It certainly sounded from your prepared comments that you were expecting to see some improvement as we get into the summer. But you also hinted that there could be a much larger improvement as we approach the Leidy South expansion start-up in December here. Do you guys really think that Leidy South can be kind of a game changer and set up for just much better local pricing in December and into 2022? You obviously talked a lot about stock performance, but it seems as though maybe some of the basis issues here have kind of been what's caused some of the poor stock price performance.
Dan Dinges: Yes, Leo. I agree with you, your sentiment on that. And I'll turn this over to Jeff in one second, but we are excited about new takeaway capacity. Anytime you have greater than 0.5 Bcf a day that's going to now be a new infrastructure to exit volumes directly out of the basin we sell a portion of our gas into, we think it is going to be constructive on differentials. We're very much looking forward to its positive effects. And I'll turn it over to Jeff for comments also, Leo.
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes, Leidy South is a major project basin, and we're excited to get it in service for us. It's incremental 250,000 a day from [indiscernible] the 330,000 a day expansion piece come from the West, and that's over in the more - the cheap Seneca area. But the basis differential for May did get whacked a little bit because of the construction project that's required to build out that project. It's actually just a 6-mile replacement pipe that - have to install this month, kind of a one-shot and then that piece of the puzzle will be fixed. But overall, you've got to keep in mind too that Cabot's exposure to local basis is really not as great as I think a lot of people believe. In our investor guide, it's out on the website today, you'll see a pie chart or at least a table that kind of outlines our distribution for our products. If you look closely at that, our volumes, there's over 50% of those volumes that's tied to NYMEX or fixed price. And then we have about 10% that's tied to power. That's roughly 70%. Then we have about 15% or so of our gas volumes that head out on the East Coast to get priced off of differentials in basis, locations, not in-basin locations, sort of like that. And then you add our cash piece then, which is completely different than local basis, for first of the month sales of roughly 10%. You really whittle down our basis exposure and local basis exposure to roughly 15% or maybe 15% to 18% depending on the time of the year. So yes, we're disappointed about the May differential blowout, if you will, due to a pipeline project that everyone knew was going to take place. But then again, that project also prohibits any gas going into the Leidy storage fields for the month of May. So we won't have a pickup on gas sales per storage in June and the rest of the summer up there. And with the - no supply increases and all the other factors that we mentioned were, our expectations are a strong summer and a strong winter on price.
Leo Mariani: Okay, that's very good color for sure. I wanted to just move over to returns on capital for a second here. Obviously, it was really nice to see the bump in the base dividend here. Obviously, I think you have a plan to pay off another $100 million on the bonds side come September. Just wanted to kind of see like as you guys think about these returns to shareholders, do you want to be in a position where we're a little bit closer to having everything ready to pay off these $100 million in bonds before you start to get a little bit more aggressive on some of these other returns strategy such as a larger supplemental dividend or to maybe kind of start the buyback program? And then just additionally, can you just maybe remind us kind of if there's a specific formula in terms of how you're going to pay the supplemental dividend by the end of the year here?
Dan Dinges: Yes, Leo, good questions. And from our perspective and looking at what we have out in front of us and really just what Jeff was talking about, it's teed up very well for us moving forward into the rest of the year and into 2022. When you look at the expectations on free cash flow generation for Cabot, it's going to be a fairly robust number. You can look at our history. And we have been, in the last few years, fairly generous on - and rightfully so, generous on returning a large portion in much greater than 50% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. We have - and I'll let Scott talk about our program a little bit, but we have our dividend and the variable piece, supplemental. And we do expect that in light of the horizon and the picture we're painting both from the demand, LNG, Mexico, the rationalization of capital allocated in the basin, we're going to expect favorable pricing. So in looking at how we would manage the available cash, we're already talking about it. And I think the shareholders should look forward to what we'll have out in front of us. I'll let Scott make a comment on...
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Leo, I think as we see in this industry, there's lots of volatility. We do think it's teed up very positively. As Dan alluded to, we have out - been generous, outsized what that historically has been the buyback. The supplemental dividend, the plan as - from a formulaic perspective as you lay out or commented on, is designed that once we get through the third quarter call and we get into the fourth quarter, midway through the fourth quarter and identify what that pricing is going to be, we'll know our pricing in early December. So we'll have a pretty good idea on our revenue stream for the full year. We're not that complicated. So we'll be able to - and that's why we targeted and telegraphed that December will be the time of the supplemental dividend payment is because we'll have most of our ducks in a row. Obviously, December won't be closed, but 11 of the 12 months will be closed, and we'll have pricing for the 12 months. So that's kind of the timing and the thought process for that. In terms of the buybacks, and picking up on Josh's question also, again we will be opportunistic as we were before. I think one thing is we've got the strongest balance sheet we've ever had. If we - if the market were to move against us, it's not catastrophic for us because we're able to weather any storm that can be thrown at us. At the same time, we're going to be very methodical in our thought process around this return. And I think if I was a betting man, I would make sure that - well, I'd make sure I would kind of lean towards the fact that you should probably expect something in excess of 50%. The 50% is our minimum commitment, as we've said. And when you look back at the history, as Dan alluded to, we far exceeded that.
Leo Mariani: Okay, that's helpful color for sure, guys. I guess what I was trying to get at is just above that 50%, obviously, you have the fixed dividend already in place here. And then I guess you're going to just kind of toggle between whatever you guys want to do on the buyback versus variable dividend. So let's just make up some numbers. If you had $500 million of free cash flow this year and call it $170 million committed to the dividend, I guess that will leave $330 million or so or a little bit more and management basically just decide how much they want to pay as variable and how much they want to use as buyback as the year progresses. Is that kind of the right formula?
Scott Schroeder: So you're saying the free cash flow is $500 million, right?
Leo Mariani: Just saying roughly speaking, just in a random way.
Scott Schroeder: Yes, if it's $500 million, again, our commitment is $250. And then above the $250 million is the $180 million of debt, leaving a wedge of about $100 million. And we'll - depending on market conditions will dictate - once we get to the $250 million already delivered, and we will look at, do we want to deliver more? Or have we already bought in shares earlier in the year, taking the wedge above the $250 million? Again, we're trying to make - I'm not trying to be coy, Leo. We're trying to maintain flexibility in terms of - again, in your example, if the stock was at $15, - let's say the stock was at $12. We would lean more heavily on buybacks. If the stock was at $20, we probably wouldn't buy anything back, and it would all be delivered in the supplemental cash dividend bucket.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: I really appreciated all the comments you made in your prepared remarks about your new completion design and the success you had in mitigating those parent well effects. So I guess kind of a 2-part question. One, it seems like you've substantially or maybe completely solved that issue. And then the second part of it is there was one part that may be missing. So you have just the 2 million - the impact is just down to 2 million cubic feet a day. But did it cost you anything on the completion side of those 21 wells, having to change your completion design?
Dan Dinges: Yes, that's a good question, Charles. And what we've seen so far, no, it hasn't cost us anything on our recipe on completion. We have - the early results on our new wells, the early results have certainly met our expectation of what we would have anticipated seeing. And on the 2 million a day on the parent wells, that is basically no effect. We would anticipate possible just - that to clean up and not be a rounding error as we move forward. So again, yes, we are excited and pleased that some of the revisions that we had to look at this last year were a result of this phenomenon, i.e., parent/child. Every company in the industry is dealing with this. The - at 4 wells - 4 pads and 21 wells, 33 offsets, we're getting a database now with the surgical completion we have that we think we are having a recipe that not only mitigates offset, but it also effected completions in the child well also. We don't think we're compromising our completion standard.
Charles Meade: Got it. That's helpful detail, Dan. And then I had another question to see if I could maybe look ahead a bit at 2022 and the effects of your cadence in '21. It looks like your '21 capital spending plan is not going to be exactly the same, but it looks similar to your plan in '20 in that the peak of spending is - it comes in Q2. And there's - the low for the year is in Q4. And if you look at the effect that '20 appeared to have on '21, it's - you declined sequentially in 1Q and 2Q based on that '20 pattern. So is it a fair inference that, that's what we're going to be looking at in '22 based on the '21 spending pattern? Or is that too simplistic?
Dan Dinges: Well, one of the things that you need to take away, Charles, and I know you know this, you followed Cabot for a long time, but I think it's worth repeating, Cabot is the lowest capital intensity company out there. 2 rigs - we have 3 running right now, but we're going to lay one of those rigs down as we've already messaged. And we'll be between 1.5 and 2 frac crews. So anytime we are out there, and it takes so few wells and pads to be able to maintain our forecast levels of production. If we drill an 8-well pad, and that pad whether it's for weather or for whatever reason, if it's delayed, say, 200 million a day, it's delayed for a week. 200 million a day delayed for a week and say that occurred at the very end of the quarter. We report when we bring those wells on at the end of the quarter as new wells brought on. Kind of like we did this quarter, bringing on 21 wells. But if that 8-well pad comes on the last week of the quarter, it's reflected as a quarter completion. But 8 wells coming on at the end of a quarter have, in essence, very little impact on production in that quarter. So you're looking at - a week delay is, at a 200 million a day pad, is 1.4 Bcf. So that is how to fine-tune it like that. It's not always easy for us to cover our cadence or to smooth out our cadence because we don't have 10 rigs running. We don't have 5 or 6 frac crews. We don't have that mix of pads where you can balance out a new pad coming on at various different times. We're more lumpy just by the nature of being a very low capital intensity company. It's a good news, but when we report and we get granular on the cadence, it's kind of hard to use that metric with Cabot just simply because - just like we're going to see this year in the second quarter, third quarter, we're going to start bringing on a lot more stages than we have through the first quarter, and we're going to start ramping up. So that's - I understand where you're going with it. And I would love to be able to smooth it out, Charles. But that's some of what I deal with and the frustration I have on trying to report on a quarterly basis. And when I read the tie between the number of wells brought on and how inefficient or the lack of production tied to the number of wells brought on, I look up and say, well, maybe we need to put in there exactly when those wells came on in a month to be able to have a better tie.
Charles Meade: Right. It's hard to know how much information is too much, but I appreciate your points and they're well taken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Chase.
Arun Jayaram: A quick question is - the updated messaging does include sequential production growth in the back half of the year, specifically, in the fourth quarter as Leidy South enters service? I know it's early, but I'm just wondering about the potential production trajectory in '22. And any thoughts on holding that, call it, that higher 4Q exit rate flat? And thoughts on what kind of CapEx would that require to keep 4Q flat.
Dan Dinges: Yes, you're right. It is a little bit early for disclosing 2022. We are working on 2022 program. We take in consideration, just like we do on our capital, our free cash flow management, how we're going to allocate and what we're going to do with that. The same holds true with our capital program for 2022. We're evaluating exactly how hot out of the box we might want to come and our design of our program, which would really answer that question. But it is early in the season to lay that out, but I appreciate the question.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. And just - I mean maybe a follow-up to Charles' question. I know you addressed this. But one of the questions that came in, Dan, 80 wells for this year, you TIL-ed '21. And so just one of the questions is, why did production in 2Q - why is it going down sequentially? It may be that timing answer that you just gave, but maybe a little bit more meat behind the bone there. Because we were thinking maybe it would be a little bit more flatter in terms of sequential, just given the number of tied in lines in 1Q.
Dan Dinges: Yes, it's just the - again, the other element that needs to be focused on would be not only the timing, the number, but also keep in mind that our - we're not in a geographically in a perfect squares sectional drilling. Our units set us up there, our various configurations by nature of Pennsylvania. And our lateral lengths, number of stages, when you tie it to a well count, it's not as systematic as it would be if you had, and what I hope to be able to do, in the Upper Marcellus, which I think is going to be more systematic than the drilling that we now have in the Lower Marcellus, where we drilled 10,000-foot laterals and we'll have consistent number of stages in our clean map in the Upper Marcellus, which will gain efficiencies for that project. In the unit configurations and what we've drilled in the Lower right now, as we come back through the field to fill in, the number of frac stages in each well is going to be more variable with our program right now until we get into the Upper. That affects exactly the cadence and the type of pads that we bring on along with the timing of those pads. So - and I'm trying to answer the question on expectation and some of the variables that go into that expectation. To sum it up in a different way, we're not concerned about what we're seeing on results of our wells. In fact, we're more pleased with what we're seeing now on the offset impacts that had affected what we had seen in the rearview mirror a little bit in 2020 - latter part of '19 and 2020 when we had more of an impact on the parent wells. And being able to unload those parent wells and some of the impacts we had with frac hits on those parent wells in the latter part of '19 and latter part of '20, that did affect our forecasting and how we would look at the measurement of the results and to tie back to the number of wells we brought on. Moving forward, assuming our results stay consistent as we have with our surgical completions, we don't expect now to have that impact as we bring on completions from the child wells. We do expect now to get a more immediate impact and uplift and similar production return to the parent wells after our completion of the child. So we're hoping that we are mitigating that concern.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Umang Choudhary with Goldman Sachs.
Umang Choudhary: Appreciate the comments around differentials improving with the start-up of Leidy South later in the year. Wanted to get your latest thoughts around local demand and takeaway more medium to long term and any projects which you are working on right now to stimulate that or capture that demand for Cabot.
Dan Dinges: Yes. I think Jeff is the perfect one to answer this question.
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes. The Leidy South project is - it takes our production down from Northeast PA into the Washington, D.C. area now to a location called River Road. It's very important that - that's a central location on both north and south depending on the season for gas demand. And so enhancing our takeaway from Susquehanna County to that area, magnitude of 250,000 a day is a great project for us. However, I'll also say there are several projects in the works. I know you're familiar with PennEast and the recent news on regarding it and their Supreme Court case on eminent domain. And then I'm sure you're aware that Transco also announced regional energy access, which is a close to 1 Bcf a day of pipeline that's basically a brownfield project to existing right of ways. That project also would be connected to Cabot's supply area in several different spots. So we're excited for that project and actually PennEast as well to become in service over the next couple of years.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum with Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: Dan, you gave some really good information around the surgical completions and how they became better than expected. And you talked about if you can replicate those results moving forward, it mitigates a lot of the concerns that you would have heard, at least [indiscernible] current job. And before, you said there's no incremental cost. I have two questions. One would be, is there an incremental cost that's just being offset by the location where you're placing these wells and sort of the amortization of previous costs on existing pads? And then two, as you go forward, if you are able to replicate these results, does it change how you think about your maintenance program going forward? And it wouldn't be something where we would see improvements in your capital efficiency metrics?
Dan Dinges: Well, there's a couple of things. I'll answer the second question first. And I'm going to have you repeat the first question, David. You were breaking up on me a little bit. But we feel good about what we've seen and our expectation about replication. The 4 pads, 21 wells, again, when we steer our wells on the child drilling, we know exactly what our landing points are and we're trying to mitigate the impacts also with picking our landing zones on the parent wells and as I've already indicated, the variables we're using on the completion. So we do anticipate positive results. We think that is going to certainly be a metric that will enhance our program, simply by not having the impact that we saw in the latter part of '19 and some of our wells on 20. We saw - not only was it difficult to bring some of those wells back on, and we took revisions on some of those wells. And keep in mind, some of those wells that we took provisions on, we think certainly have the ability to come back on. It's just when we see it, we report it as we see it. But we do and have seen some of the wells continue to improve back from the frac impact that we received. So we're optimistic going forward. We do think that if we look back and look at that as a negative surprise in 2020, we hope we've mitigated that in 2021 reporting results. And David, I'm going to have to ask you for the - repeating the first question.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks, Dan. Happy to. I'm sorry for the noise. But the first question was just you talked earlier that the surgical completions don't add any incremental cost. But I guess in isolation, are they adding costs that's just being offset by savings of existing pads or existing infrastructure that's in place?
Dan Dinges: Let me make sure I understand the question. For one, the completion design is not adding any incremental cost to what we would have done if we would have completed the entire lateral in a similar fashion. In fact...
David Deckelbaum: Okay, that effectively answers it now.
Dan Dinges: Yes. And in fact, I would have to get Phil Stalnaker kind of to answer the question more directly. But you might have incremental savings, if you would, if you have maybe less fluid or less proppant in a particular frac, but I don't think it'd be consequential enough on the savings side to try to dissect it.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that. If I could just drop in one quickly to Scott. Maybe it's not quick, but you mentioned earlier the span of buybacks. And I know that it was more explicit as it relates to the incremental 50% of excess free cash, of buying back more shares and weighting that more heavily at 15% versus distributing more cash at 20%. And one, I just want to understand, like as you think about that, that's really a 2021 reality with the free cash that's coming forward. And then along those lines, you guys are approaching 0 net debt. You have the bullet payments that come in this year. Revolver is pretty clean here and there's a lot of capacity there. So do you think that - do you have a goal of being at 0x? Or might you lean on that capacity a bit more to stabilize shares?
Dan Dinges: Yes, I'll make a quick comment, turn it to Scott. But what you're talking about, David, is - and what a clean balance sheet does for us, it gives us all the optionalities that you've just defined, that we do have flexibility. I can assure you, in this environment, that we're not going to a 0 net debt position. We have flexibility. I know Scott talks about it. Scott and Matt visit - about kind of what capacity we have, how we might utilize that to enhance shareholder value. And we're going to continue to do that. And we're not so conservative, I'm not so conservative, to where we're going to try to get to net debt and not utilize the opportunity with this available cash to enhance shareholder value. And I'll turn that to Scott.
Scott Schroeder: There's nothing to add. There's really not. I mean at the end of the day, David, again, there's no intent to be 0 debt, even net debt. The plan we have - we have nothing maturing next year. We have a $62 million tranche in 2023 at - you probably - at 6% money, you probably pay that off, again, if the cash flow profile stays. But for the remaining $800 million, we'll look to refinance those biggest tranches in 2024, and then there's another tranche in 2026. So those would - there would be $800 million to $1 billion of kind of permanent financing in a status quo case in the balance sheet. But as Dan said, we have lots of flexibility. Again, you know we're also more - we're very judicious with shareholder money. We'd like to tell you after the fact after we've done it. We don't like to get over our skis and make promises that if the conditions change and it doesn't make sense, that we're putting a defensive posture. So I don't mean to say trust us, but I think we have a good track record of returning and being very disciplined. But quite honestly, I'll be - the buyback program of old, I think Matt and I had this debate. I think every share I bought or instructed him to buy back has been bought at a higher price than we've recently been at. So that kind of hits a little bit of the pause button going, okay, where does this settle in at? Because we are in a different dynamic. In terms of your initial question, we had shareholders a year ago, again in the thick of COVID, saying, "We want all E&P companies to be 0 debt." That's not our path. And I think the market has quickly reverted as people were able to extend out their maturities, repay debt, as Dan said in the script. And we're on different footing as an industry even with the ESG focus than we were and have been in a very long period of time. The discipline and everybody's focus on being judicious in their capital programs just makes for a better industry and better companies across the board, not just Cabot.
David Deckelbaum: Looking forward to seeing how well you guys get.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for closing remarks.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Angie. And great questions. I appreciate investors' patience. Again, I've mentioned I'm a shareholder. My frustration is equally as high as maybe some of yours. And I can assure you that my optimism going into the season, we're going into and the setup that we have at - in front of us is significantly better than it has been. And I'm optimistic that we're going to be able to start enhancing shareholder value. So thanks again, and thank you for the questions. I look forward to the next visit.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the XEC Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Caterina Papadimitropoulos. Please go ahead.
Caterina Papadimitropoulos: Thanks you, Chuck. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. An updated presentation was posted to our website yesterday afternoon. We may reference that presentation on our call today. As a reminder, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discussed. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our news release and in our latest 10-K for the risk factors associated with our business. We plan to our 10-K later today. Our prepared remarks include an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden, followed by comments from Cimarex CFO, Mark Burford; Blake Sirgo, VP of Operations. We also have John Lambuth, Executive Vice President of Exploration on the line. As always, and so that we can accommodate more of your questions during the hour, we have allotted for the call, we'd like to ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow up, feel free to get back into the queue if you like. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Caterina. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us in this call. I want to begin by expressing our well wishes for any of you that may have been impacted by the recent severe cold weather; we were all caught by surprise at the severity of the event and the collapse of infrastructure that resulted from it. Like many of our peers, our operations were significantly impacted by the extreme cold weather. The good news is that our organization - our operations are almost back to normal after an unbelievable effort by organization. Mark will provide more detail on the impact of Cimarex. Despite the tremendous challenges in 2020, and in many instances because of them, Cimarex is a much stronger company as we look ahead, we enter 2021 with a lower cost structure, better asset performance, our commitment to financial performance, our continuing focus on meeting today's ESG challenges and with our recent dividend increase our reaffirmation of our commitment to the evolving business model of Shell 3.0. We generated good operating results in 2020 and are optimistic about the recovery in oil and gas demand and pricing as we look ahead. Fourth quarter 2020 oil production came in at 68,000 barrels of oil per day, which was 3.5% above our guidance midpoint. Total capital for 2020 was $577 million, which was below our guidance of $600 million. We generated $279 million of free cash flow after our dividend and exited 2020 with $273 million cash on hand. Blake will comment on our cost structure and John is on the call to answer any questions regarding asset performance. Delivering in our commitment to return cash to our owners we increased our dividend 23% to an annual rate of $1.08 per share. Although future increases will depend upon market conditions. We approved our recent increase with an analysis that included the potential downside of a $35 flat oil price. Our plan for 2021 reflects our commitment to financial prudence and free cash flow generation. We expect to invest $650 million to $750 million in 2021 with oil production forecasted to grow 2% at the midpoint. More importantly, at $55 oil our plan calls for us to invest less than half of our cash flow, generating approximately 48% free cash flow after the dividend. At a $35 oil price, free cash flow after dividend is projected to be 9% of our total cash flow. Last year, we discussed our commitment to shale 3.0 including our long-term intention to annually invest 70% to 80% of our cash flow. Clearly our 2021 Capital Investment Plan undershoots this range; we view 2021 through a lens of caution. Although there are many reasons for a constructive outlook on both oil and gas prices, we would like to see a robust restart of the world economy and a balance of supply and demand fundamentals before we would consider the 70% to 80% investment range. At Cimarex, Capital Planning has always been about investment returns through the cycles. Our goal is long-term profitability, the generation of significant free cash flow and returning cash to our owners, moderating our growth in response to supply and demand fundamentals is the best way to achieve these long-term goals. We think that our 2021 capital investment plan is prudent, balanced and will leave us well positioned with great flexibility for future years. In a cyclic commodity business, flexibility is the coin of the realm. Our 2021 plans involve a significant amount of New Mexico work, most of which is on federal lands. On the heels of last month's executive order which suspended federal permit decision making authority and regional offices. We redirected all New Mexico activity towards Texas projects. We have a deep inventory of top tier projects in Texas and fortunately, there were several that were shovel ready, owing to the executive order coming at a fortuitous time. When we were mobilizing between projects, we were able to pivot from New Mexico to Texas within 48 hours of the executive orders publication. After further analysis, we are confident that permit activity on existing federal leases will continue relatively unabated, and we have restored significant New Mexico activity into our 2021 program. We look forward to working with the state and federal government as we develop our leasehold. We're also continuing our emphasis on environmental excellence in 2021. In 2020, we set aggressive high pressure flaring and methane intensity goals, linking executive compensation to their achievement. As outlined in our investor presentation, our organization crushed both goals. They accomplished this through diligence, creative engineering and Advanced Data Analytics. Our environmental goals for 2021 will continue to challenge our organization and comprise 30% of the executive team annual incentive metrics. Before I turn the call over to Mark and Blake, I want to comment on the tremendous challenges we faced in 2020 and acknowledge how proud we are of organizational response. It was easy to be humbled in 2020 by the hardships that so many of us face and by the valiant efforts shown by health care providers, emergency responders, essential workers and educators. At a time when our offices went to remote work, our field personnel got up each and every morning and provided critical attention to our assets. They kept our production flowing and continued to bring new wells online. They had the same health concerns for themselves and their loved ones as the rest of us had for our own. But they did not have the luxury of working remotely. Although, we are deeply grateful to all of our employees who gave it their all to keep Cimarex healthy and prosperous during 2020, none of us deserve our gratitude as much as our field staff. They're an example of what excellence and dedication look like. With that, I'd like to invite Mark to discuss our financial results and outlook.
Mark Burford: Thank you, Tom. Good morning everyone. I'll first discuss our 2020 financial results and then move on to our 2021 outlook. As Tom described Cimarex's 2020 operation performance generated substantial amounts of free cash flow, further strengthening our investment grade financial position, we exit 2020 with net debt of $1.73 billion, a decrease of $178 million from 2019. In the fourth quarter, we also repurchase 55% of the outstanding 8.125% preferred stock for $43 million. We remain focused on maintaining and improving our strong financial position, generating free cash flow and providing cash returns to our shareholders, as demonstrated by the 23% increase in a regular cash dividend to an annual rate of $1.08 per share. Our fourth quarter top total capital investment was $136 million, including $101 million of drilling completion capital. Full year 2020 capital investment was $577 million, which was a 56% decrease compared to 2019 and 4% below our guidance range. Our 2020 total cash operating costs comprised of LOE, workover, transportation production taxes and G&A total of $7.46 per BOE which decrease on a per unit basis 8% as compared to 2019. On an absolute basis, total cash costs in 2020 decreased to $134 million or 16% as compared to 2019. Adjusted cash flow from operation the fourth quarter, total $257 million and we generated $97 million of free cash flow out of dividend. For full year 2020 adjusted cash flow from operation was $944 million with free cash flow of $372 million and $279 million after the dividend. Moving on to 2021 outlook; we expect 2021 total capital investment of $650 million to $750 million, bringing on 73 net wells on production. The majority of the capital is being directed to the Permian, despite less than 10% to be invested in Anadarko Basin. Oil production in the first quarter of 2021, is expected to average 65,000 to 69,000 barrels per day, with total equivalent production to average 205,000 to 225,000 BOE per day. First quarter guidance includes an estimate for the weather impact on production volumes in both Permian and Mid-Continent regions. We currently estimate on average, our first quarter volumes are being negatively impacted by 5% to 7% from winter storms, which is around 4,000 barrels of oil per day. For full year 2021, our oil production is projected to average 75,000 to 81,000 barrels per day; we expect to run two frac crews in the Permian for most of the year, resulting in projected oil exit rate growth from fourth quarter 2020 to fourth quarter 2021 of over 30%. Total production is expected to average 235,000 to 255,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Looking at the 2021 plans in terms of capital investment rate and potential free cash flow, we illustrate on slide 5 of our investor presentation two price scenarios a $35 WTI and $55 WTI to give perspective on reinvestment rate and free cash flow generation. At $35 WTI, we project our total capital investment rate to be 79% of our cash flow. At $55 WTI which approximates recent four strip prices, our capital reinvestment rate is 45% with 55% free cash flow. That would be free cash flow of approximately $850 million for the year, and we'll exit - estimate exit the year with more than $900 million of cash on our balance sheet. Our recent chip prices we achieve our goals this year of having sufficient cash to retire our 2024 notes of $750 million, positioning us to evaluate other options returning cash to shareholders to further sustainable growth or regular dividend and or instituting a variable dividend. Our asset quality, cost structure and organization put us in a great position to generate significant returns and free cash flow for owners in 2021 and beyond. With that, I'll turn the call over to Blake.
Blake Sirgo: Thanks Mark. We ended 2020 with and are currently running five rigs and two completion crews in the Permian and one rig in the Anadarko, a marked difference from the one rig and no crews we had running last June. Our 2020 Permian Basin operated DNC capital cost per lateral foot came in at $944 per foot, which was down 15% from our 2019 average. Late in 2020, DNC costs average $800 to $850 per foot, and we expect to stay within this range throughout 2021. While we have recently seen some increases in service rates and have incorporated those into our go forward cost, we expect some of the inflation to be offset by efficiency gains. Our operations teams continue to deliver in 2020 with our average drilling feet per day up34% and completed feet per day up 29% compared to 2019. These efficiency gains were driven by many factors; including continued multi well pad drilling, offline cementing and tank battery commingling. Hats off to all our operations teams who continue to find new ways to increase efficiencies, lower costs and challenge the status quo. A new initiative we are currently pursuing is the electrification of our DNC operations as well as fuel compression. Of note, we have been working closely with Halliburton to develop electric frac pumps driven directly from our Cimarex own power grid. Three grid powered frac pumps have been in operation since November of 2020. We have gathered valuable data on fuel savings and emission reductions, while also observing a 30% to 40% increase in pump rate, due to the on-demand power available from our grid. We are incorporating this data into other projects, including the electrification of drilling rigs and compression to guide development of our power grid in Culberson, Henry's counties, Texas. These large contiguous assets that include Cimarex owned and controlled power grid provides the scale and inventory needed for these electrification projects. We plan to continue to invest in our power grids during 2021. As we firmly expect, these grid investments will lead to a lower cost structure and substantial emission reductions for many years to come. Our 2020 lifting costs came in at $3.09 per BOE and we are guiding to a 2021 lifting cost of $3.10 to $3.60 per BOE. Our 2021 LOE includes increased work over activity, along with newly instituted maintenance programs focused on limiting emissions, reducing spills and improving asset reliability. And lastly, a few operational comments regarding the recent storms that impacted our operations in both the Permian and Anadarko. Almost two weeks ago when it became clear that these storms could be significant weather events, our operations teams began putting plans in place to keep our operations running during the storm. We mobilized our entire field staff, which worked diligently and safely through extremely tough conditions. Our teams brought in road clearing equipment to keep trucks hauling, obtain steamers and heaters to deal with freezing issues, and worked closely with our midstream partners to maximize product flowing to market. During the storm, we did encounter frac downtime due to logistical issues with sand, but our drilling rigs maintain operations throughout the storm. Thanks to these efforts, Cimarex was able to safely keep a significant portion of our operations running throughout the storm. This was an all-hands-on deck event for Cimarex. And our field staff efforts are truly commendable. And with that, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
ArunJayaram: Yes, good morning. Arun Jayaram from JP Morgan. Tom, how are you? Doing well. Just a quick question here. Mark, in your prepared comments you talked about perhaps the board evaluating a variable dividend policy, we didn't have the dividend increase. So could you provide a little bit more meat behind the bone? And obviously, I think you said $850 million of free cash flow this year on your updated guide at $55. So just want to get some more color around that variable dividend commentary.
MarkBurford: Yes, Arun, with our current emphasis on tuning cash for having sufficient cash to look to retire those 2024 notes is our first priority, as we discussed, and second priority that has been going to increasing a regular dividend on a sustainable basis. So we're checking the sustainable dividend growth this year, and we'll see how prices really do stay. And we're very optimistic that $55 case you ran could come true. But we've seen enough volatility in commodity prices, we're not going to make any decisions around that at this point, we'll make sure we see the cash, cash flow come through and our cash came in our balance sheet and then we'll make further decisions then. But definitely our board's been open to discussions on our steps, certainly a sustainable regular dividend growth, very supportive that and further open to discussions on a variable dividend.
ArunJayaram: Great. And, Tom, my follow up, as you mentioned, how Cimarex had been kind of just, had been potentially pivoting activity between New Mexico and Texas just given some of the rulings from the Department of Interior the temporary suspension. So I was just wondering why you guys were considering pivoting from New Mexico, because it was our understanding that if a project been permitting, that you could continue to operate that project, so maybe a little bit of color around your discussion around that pivoting of activity between both states.
TomJorden: Well, sure. And I think in hindsight I would say we overreacted. And that's exactly the reaction I would have wanted this to have. If I can go back to ancient history a full month ago. This was 24 or 48 hours after the Keystone XL discussion. And we had two rigs in route to drill a fairly large project. And we did need additional right away the drilling permit is only one of multiple permits or approvals that one needs to execute a project on federal lands. The drilling permit is often issued or applied for 18 months before the well spud. If anything changes as either a cementing program casing program, fairly immaterial change, you need a sundry, you follow sundry notice and you need approval. And then often while a project is underway, you're still securing right away, which involves federal permit approval, even to the extent of laying water lines on the surface for your frac job. If you cross federal lands, it requires federal approval. So when they suspended all local decision-making authority on permitting, we were in a fortuitous position. We were still in the middle of a project; we were about ready to mobilize rigs in Mexico. And again, on the heels of that Keystone XL decision, we said we are not putting $100 million of pipe in the ground until this situation clarifies. Since then, I think it has clarified, as I said in my remarks, we're very confident that existing permits on existing leases will be allowed to be developed. But it was an extraordinary opportunity for us to pivot to Texas while we figured this out. So yes, we overreacted and my opinion and bully for us for that.
ArunJayaram: Well, it's great to have the flexibility towards Texas. Thanks, Tom, for clarifying that. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
JeanineWai: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking our calls or questions. Our first question is on kind of oil trajectory and our follow up is more on kind of medium-term growth. So in given the timing of completions for 4Q 2020 plus the freeze off in Q1 2021. It looks like before your oil guide implies quarter-over-quarter increases from 2Q onwards. So I guess first question is do you have any color on the 4Q to 4Q for the exit rate growth for this year?
MarkBurford: Hi, Jeanine. Yes, we do expect second, third and fourth quarter sequential growth lead a little bit more towards the third and fourth quarters. The fourth quarter 2020 to fourth quarter 2021 rate of growth is targeting 30%. So we do expect a significant year-over-year change in fourth quarter to fourth quarter growth in oil. But again, it's a fairly steady growth in both ways to dip more towards the third and fourth quarter.
JeanineWai: Okay, great. And then my follow up is when we do the math on like a higher exit rate. It looks like you could be implying double digit year-over-year oil growth in 2022. If you just kind of held flat at that exit rate because it is so much higher. Is this a reasonable scenario? I know there's some variability on the year-to-year growth. But the overall medium-term outlook is for a low single digit growth. So just wanted to maybe get some clarity on that because it could imply pretty good capitalization save for 2022 given how strong you're entering the year.
MarkBurford: Yes, I mean so certainly with that trajectory where state coming into this year, right back to the matter of just reactivating two frac crews in the Permian running the five rigs, we are resuming getting back to levels more we saw in 2020. But in 2021, and going into 2022, with that particular exit rate we see in the fourth quarter, we don't expect that we will ultimately just absolutely have to maintain that fourth quarter rate will be evaluating the 2022 plans, and evaluating where we invest in the pace of investment, we expect to have steady rig and completion cadence going into 2022. And we don't have a targeted growth rate in 2022.
TomJorden: Jeanine, this is Tom. Let me just comment on that. Let me comment on that if I could. Our challenge here is 2020 saw such a huge disruption not only in our capital program, but also our production. And so it's kind of hard to look at quarter-to-quarter and make any kind of inference that that would be a steady state number. We are full of very good projects. And I want to reiterate what I said in my opening remarks. Our long-term goal is really driven by cash flow generation and not production increase. But when you come off a year, like we've had in 2020, and we have the kind of projects we have to say, oh my goodness, you don't want to have fourth quarter increase is rather like asking a thoroughbred to pull a milk truck. I mean, we've got tremendous assets and it just that's just the way the numbers flow fell out. And given that we're investing less than half our cash flow this year. That's just provides us tremendous flexibility and we can react to the marketplace as the year goes on. But when I see that Q4 to Q4 accelerate change, I think, wow, we have unbelievable flexibility, both financial and operational for 2022.
Operator: The next question will come from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
DougLeggate: Thank you, Tom. I wonder if I could just ask you for a little help on your comments around your comfort that existing leases and permits will be allowed to be developed. I know you talked in your prepared remarks. But I just wonder if you could offer some colors to what you're seeing, what you're hearing what discussions you've had that lead to that conclusion. Then I got a follow up.
TomJorden: Well, I don't know that I can offer you any inside baseball that's not already widely circulated. We have had lots of discussions with elected officials at the federal level from New Mexico, both senators' offices, and in addition to the governor's office, and we're confident that cooler heads will prevail, and that the tremendous, not just value, but lifeline that the oil and gas industry provides to Mexico will be kept alive and well. We do expect a new regulatory environment, we expect many of the Obama era regulations from federal level to return and be strengthened. And for that we're ready. We're a better company in every respect, including environmentally than we were four or five years ago. But every indication that we have been given and again, I don't claim to be the Oracle on this, but every indication we've been given has led us to be optimistic that we're going to be able to develop our assets in a very prudent manner.
DougLeggate: Great. I appreciate the answer. Tom, I wonder if I could just - my follow-up is really on the capital allocation, Shale 3.0 moderate and growth type story. I mean, obviously, at your scale, 80,000 barrels a day give or take. 5% growth doesn't really move the needle at the macro level. And your free cash flow yield in our numbers at least is getting well into the mid-teens. You've got a ton of options just to what to do with that cash and your balance sheet is in great shape. So I just wonder if you can walk us through how well you are in the spectrum of that discussion over, can you grow, do you return cash on our variable dividend and that has been touched on already, but your debt is already kind of in a good place. I'm just thinking about how - it's a nice problem to have, but what are you doing next, assuming this super cycle, as you see not a lot of people are talking about does, in fact, play out?
TomJorden: Well, it's like what are we doing on uncertain futures when the topic of discussion for the last 18 months? But Doug, we're, look, we've paid a dividend since 2006. So, culturally, I think the idea of returning cash to our owners is not that - we don't have to blink an eye for it to be embraced in our boardroom. But we and Mark said it well, at the outset, we have made a tactical decision that we would like to have cash on our balance sheet sufficient to call those notes due in 2024. Now, you could argue, well, that's too conservative, you ought to be returning cash in some other fashion, because it certainly looks like you're going to go well beyond that goal of matching that cash required to call those notes. Well, yes, it does. But we were remarking before the call this morning, how optimistic we were about 2021 one year ago today. And so reality has a way of intervening. And right now, we would like to just get that cash on our balance sheet, have that defensive posture, quite frankly, that will allow us to have the flexibility to call those notes. And then and only then, is there something to talk about as far as other avenues of returning cash to shareholders. But we're deeply committed to it. I will tell you there's not a blink of an eye in the boardroom when we talk about this. And we're also watching some of our peers, there have been some creative, gophers out there. We respect very much. We're really interested to see what other people do. We do not necessarily want to volunteer to be the first heroes in this campaign. So we're very willing to looking at best practices in the marketplace. Mark, you want to comment on this further?
MarkBurford: Yes, no, I think your last point is very valid there too, Tom. I think it'll be interesting to see how the market starts trying to value some of the variable dividends. And obviously, you want to give some visibility to that, the mechanics of it, and seeing how others do that. And evaluating was the best avenue to do that is I think, will be important. So and then even having a first goal and having the cash on our balance sheet for those notes, I think gives us some time to evaluate that.
DougLeggate: Well, Tom, you've led the market in this, just a comment really, my hope is that the market, my competitors and observers generally start to recognize the free cash flow visibility you and the industry are now generating as appropriate cases for evaluations appreciate everything you are doing for us. Thank you taking my questions.
Operator: The next question will come from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
BrianSinger: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to further follow up on Jeanine's question with regards to the implications of the production trajectory as it would relate to the end of this year and into next year, because going from a mid-60s type production to what could be 80 to 90 plus, in the second half of the year is pretty significant. And it seems like you raise the possibility of trying to maybe stabilize next year's production at a more materially higher level than this year's. And I wondered if you can kind of talk more about maintenance capital, and how you expected that to evolve if, a new range of production is more 80 to 90, or relative to the $650 million to $750 million of CapEx for this year.
MarkBurford: Yes, Brian, the maintenance capital is obviously something that is a lot of different discussions around that and what the definition of that means. But as you just said, if you're thinking in terms of maintenance capital of somewhere around 80,000 barrel oil per day, generally, kind of our midpoint of our guidance for annual 2021 is 78,000. So if you think of terms of that, you were looking at probably as low end of our guidance range of something $650 million is probably less for just trying to maintain that 80,000 feet per day.
BrianSinger: Do you think the low end of this year's guidance would be able to stabilize at 84 in 2022?
MarkBurford: Yes, that's right, Brian.
BrianSinger: Got it. Great. And then my follow up is just a quick one on the use of cash, because I think that's been talked about here, you did spend some capital buyback preferred shares. And I just wondered if you could talk about whether that's a needed further use of cash to close that out prior to the consideration of returning cash income more incrementally than what you're doing with the dividend to shareholders?
MarkBurford: Well, yes, the preferred it's 8.125% preferred. So as we have opportunities to purchase that and we'd want to do that just on our capital structure being fairly expensive. The window for which just to do that is uncertain. It'll obviously depend a lot on interest rate yields and other things to see if we have opportunity to purchase more, yes, I put that 8.125% preferred in the same bucket is the having cash available for retirement in 2024 notes.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Scialla with Stifel.
MichaelScialla: Yes, good morning, everybody. Mark, you brought up an interesting point, with Brian's question in terms of maintenance CapEx albeit sort of the low end of the range to call it whole production flat in that 80 day, whatever 84,000 BOE per day range. This year, though, you didn't hold your reserves flat, I look at reserve additions relative to production last year, I should say. Is that a consideration when you're thinking about maintenance capital as you go forward? Or how you think about your reserves relative to maintenance CapEx?
MarkBurford: Yes, Mike certainly with the significant drop in our capital in 2020, down 56%, we did see a 14% decrease in our reserves. As we look at in this current year plan and then a maintenance plan, we would view those reserve additions to be kind of paralleling or flat with kind of if you're in a maintenance mode, or we do pursue our review our reserves have been relatively flat. And this year, we expect with the kind of current plan that we have that we'll see growth in approved reserves. Again, more trailing towards the activity levels with that activity of a couple of frac crews and five rigs in the Permian, that we would see our reserves growing this year. And again, in a flat world, we would see our reserves be maintaining flat.
MichaelScialla: Okay, good. And, Tom, you mentioned meeting the ESG challenges on your competitors, talked this morning about purchasing carbon credits, and investing in kind of income generating projects to get to carbon neutral scope on emissions, just wondering if Cimarex and the board have been considering anything like that.
TomJorden: We have not discussed that today; we're pretty focused on the engineering aspects of our own assets. And we have as Blake nicely said; we have a lot of opportunity in our own assets. I mean I wouldn't put some kind of carbon offsets off the table, but I can't imagine us doing the next few years, we've got tremendous opportunity to make material progress through Blake mentioned electrification, we've got certainly a lot of opportunity and high- and low-pressure emissions and we have our best minds on this project. And I am wholly confident that we're going to really make tremendous progress. So now, the direct answer question is no, we have not discussed the offsets.
Operator: The next question will come from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc.
LeoMariani: Hey, guys, just looking at your 2021 CapEx budget fairly decent range there $650 million to $750 million. And I guess $100 million on that is let's just call it I don't know, circa 2016 or so percent range there top to bottom, can you just give us a little color around what's dictating the top and the bottom of the range? Is this budget potentially allowing for maybe slightly higher activity at the end of 2021, to get a little bit of a head start on 2022, is there significant service cost component, but there might be a lot of uncertainty there, what can kind of tell us about the range?
TomJorden: Yes, I'll tee it off, and then hand it over to Mark. We won't leave ourselves pretty wide range, because there is a lot of elasticity and things, we'd like to do this year, certainly a number of things around ESG, we have some really good opportunities to make some facilities modifications and reduce our emissions. And that will involve a little bit of capital. I will also say that as we reenergized our New Mexico program, we're not sure the degree of partner participation we're going to have on some projects, we do have projects where our working interest is a little lower than it is in Texas. And so we may find ourselves with little more working interest on projects we absolutely love. And we want to give a little flexibility for that. But Mark, why don't you give a better answer?
MarkBurford: Yes, Tom, I think you hit on a couple of points, I was going to make that we do have some variability there. One other point, Leo, that we are midpoint of our guidance as we typically provide capital guidance kind of our current status of where we see AFEs are at. And we have incorporated some initial - early time data for some increases for later to stand as far as hauling and other components there. But we have some room, hopefully in our budgets, because we see some additional inflation, we will also maintain our current range. So really the working interest component, maybe potential little inflation and just that and ESG type work to really the upper end of the range.
LeoMariani: Got it, okay, so it sounds like you're basically not really planning on kind of changing the activity that you've laid out in the plan for 2021, you pretty much keep that steady. And then obviously these other variables will dictate kind of where you fall, just wanted to confirm you're not really looking at increasing activity, latency or anything.
MarkBurford: That's right, Leo, that's right.
LeoMariani: That's helpful. And I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the dividends question, obviously, you guys talk about this a couple questions already here. But obviously just to very healthy increase this year at 23% very chunky but to start the year, certainly sounds like you'll have those bonds paid off, I think we plan I think it's a call them in early 2022. I know the board will still have to come and go out there and make some decisions about things. But is it fair to say that the preference today would be to have just a very solid, long-term growing base dividend is kind of the foundation for similar acts over the next several years?
TomJorden: Well, Leo, let me just clarify one point on the - yes, we do expect if $55 oil with the current strip then we would have sufficient cash in our balance sheet. But those notes aren't callable on 2022, we could have some options on tendering other things, but they're not callable until the first quarter of 2024. So we will - we just have to evaluate what our options are to maybe chip away at those in the meantime. But as far as the dividend increase, yes, certainly, we want to have a pattern of increasing dividend, which we've had throughout our history, certainly want to stress tested to make sure it's sustainable. And that's how we depicted it in our slide five, even a $35 oil, that dividend only represents 12% of our cash flow. And at the current strip, it's led only about 7%. So in that range, and somewhere around 10% of our cash we will feel very comfortable that dividend sustainable. And when we look at future increases, we'll be doing the same evaluation to make sure that whatever we raise that regular dividend by that it would be sustainable through the cycle.
LeoMariani: Okay, great, very helpful. Thank you.
TomJorden: Yes, let me just add to that, we love our regular dividend, but as Mark very aptly said, we do want it to be sustainable. And so the beauty of a variable dividend is in its very name it's variable. And so where as we said earlier, we're watching different models roll out, but we would love to find a sustainable dividend philosophy. I'll say that, and I think the combination between ordinary and variable is intriguing to us. But we were delighted to increase our dividend. We thought it was the right time; we wanted to do a significant increase if for no other reason, just to put our money where our mouth is, and just demonstrate our commitment to our owners.
Operator: The next question will come from Brian Downey with Citigroup.
BrianDowney: Good morning, thanks for taking the questions. Following up on Blake's comments on your electric grid completion and electric rig experiences, any sense for the magnitude of efficiency or cost benefits if those become more wide scale? I guess what's the size of the opportunity pie there both on the subset of projects those could eventually be used on? And what's the potential magnitude of the cost and efficiency savings?
BlakeSirgo: Sure. Thanks, Brian, a lot of is dependent, of course, on what service rates do in the future. We're all watching that closely. But I think we've gathered enough data to think we're probably chasing $25 to $50 a foot on our cost structure, which is pretty significant. And then also, we have fuel savings on the OpEx side when we look at compression. And then you bring in some horsepower efficiencies on top of that. So on the capital side, $25 to $50 at today's prices, and then go forward on OpEx. We'll see as we gather data, but we expect our OpEx as well.
BrianDowney: Great. That's helpful. And then maybe for Tom or Mark on the free cash flow scenarios, you show on slide five, any changes in how you're thinking about approaching your hedging program on either commodity front as you're building cash to the 2024 notes, and in any shareholder return beyond that.
MarkBurford: Brian, we've had a pretty steady methodical hedging program for the last several years. And obviously, in 2020, that was to our benefit, as we look at our hedge position for this year, as we layered in hedges through 2020 for 2021, we'll be having some cash payments. But that's kind of a natural component of a true hedge program, as you hedge through the cycle. But we'll continue to maintain a kind of a quarter-to-quarter hedge program, where we target 10% per quarter for five quarters for allows us to get to about 50% hedged for the preceding for 12-months. And we'll continue to be methodical about it, and not being speculative or optimistic, but just sampling that force drip periodically every quarter through the year.
Operator: The next question will come from Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers.
NoelParks: Good morning. Not sure if you touched on this already, but have you - if you could talk a little bit about where the strip is for oil and gas and just the economics out in your different Oklahoma projects? And also, what sort of working interest do you think you'll be looking at for the activity you have there this year?
JohnLambuth: This is John. We're currently developing right now in Anadarko one of our Lone Rock projects where we're drilling five wells. We model currently at strip very, very attractive returns, returns that competes heads up with a number of our premium projects, which is why we're making this investment right now. But the reality is, we need to see those results as good as it looks on paper, we'd like to actually see it in the performance of a well, we think at five wells per section, we will have the kind of performance that will lead to those results. And if we see that, then that might spur us to want to even for more capital runway. But this kind of our putting our toe in the water there, we really want to see this development come on, see what kind of results we get from it, and then we'll move from there. And in terms of any further investment. As far as the working interest there, it's quite high. We've done a very nice job of accumulating other interests in there. I mean, right now we show about 94% working interest.
NoelParks: Oh, wow. That's considerably above where it's been for some of your activity, right?
JohnLambuth: Well, quite frankly, over the last year with a lot of people not really paying much attention, we've been able to accumulate more interest in that area. And it's an area we really like, and we think it's going to deliver great returns. But again, the proof will be in this particular development and the results we see.
NoelParks: Great. And just for my follow up on it. Do you just have any thoughts on NGL piece of the puzzle as far as pricing and what you think that might look like at the wellhead and also your marketing as the years go on?
JohnLambuth: Yes. No. We - with our NGL component of our realization in the fourth quarter, we were at 33% of WTI, seen the benefit of higher propane prices. Propane inventories have been very positive. And we've seen - we'll see how exports continue to trend here going forward, but inventory levels there are very reasonable. And we're optimistic about NGLs. We're not really probably the person to ask. Most for NGLs are marketed at the tailgate of our plants, so we don't really directly market our NGLs, but we're optimistic about the overall NGL component of our barrel or of our commodity.
NoelParks: Great, thanks a lot.
TomJorden: Noel, this is Tom. I just like to - I just want to make a quick comment that the 2020 and including the weather events that we just went through, have reaffirmed in us why strategically, we've always wanted to be a multi-basin, multi commodity type company. Our marketing group had some valiant times in 2020, where markets were locked up y'all remember the tremendous pressure on WAHA. Having diversity of assets was a tremendous benefit to us as it was in the recent storm event. So John and his team have done a phenomenal job of bringing forward some fantastic investment opportunities in the Anadarko Basin that that are at the very top of our forced ranking on returns. And that's strategically consistent with how we want to manage the company.
Operator: The next question will come from Neal Dingmann with SunTrust Securities.
NealDingmann: Good morning. So of my questions, or I guess maybe for you or John, just looking at slide 9, I liked the new well designed. Can you talk a bit when you think about now does that essentially eliminate any of the interference between the x, y and the a versus the previous design or maybe just talk a bit about the upside and what you're seeing with that news on?
JohnLambuth: This is John. I'll take a stab at it. I'm sure Tom will want to follow up, I think the slide you're referring to is what we will be doing with our calculate development, Culberson and where we have relaxed or upsize the spacing in terms of the well count. But as you did point out as well as the vertical spacing twin landings. And again, this is just all lessons learned from multiple developments that we've already undertaken. We've talked about this there was clearly greater communication or what we say permeability going on between our well, more so than what we originally modeled and expected. We have adjusted to that. And what this slide demonstrates, as we think at going from 10 to 7 wells per section, we will essentially save the cost of three wells but essentially achieve the same total recoverable reserves for that section does greater capital efficiency and higher overall project returns. And this has been carried across all of our projects, not just here in Culberson but in Reeves, Lee and even what I mentioned earlier in Lone Rock where there was a time of Lone Rock, we thought we'd be at eight wells a section. Now we're at five we see at five, we do a much better job of keeping our condensate yield, having less of a decline and again, just better economics.
TomJorden: Now the spacing is going to vary across our asset. For example in Culberson the map that's on slide 9, you're going to see six to eight wells per section on the western side and 8 to 10 walls per section on the eastern side. But the important thing is, as John pointed out, we're trying to maximize the value of that section. And the beauty of a deep inventory, as you all know, we have a very long deep inventory, is we can make decisions from going from 10 wells per section seven wells per section, solely considering maximizing our value. And we don't have a concern of inventory overhanging that decision, and it gives us just the financial flexibility that bleeds into the financials that we report.
NealDingmann: Okay, and then one just follow-up also kind of completions, I think you mentioned doing just a couple fracs for most of the year, maybe two or three, do you think is that still kind of an optimal completion? if you're looking at thinking about optimal completions in the Permian, is just even if you have a little bit reduced activity or the limited activity like that, are you losing any of these - any of that optionality? Or is it - would it be more I guess my question is, would be more optimal if you happen to be running maybe run more frac spreads and add some same effects and such.
TomJorden: I'm going to Blake handle that. We spent a lot of time modeling program efficiencies, and what the right mix of field assets is to maximize our efficiency. Blake, you take that question?
BlakeSirgo: Yes, sure. We look at all kinds of efficiencies, and what scale it takes to achieve them. And a lot of it requires thermal frac, for example, greatly limits our flexibility in certain cases. So that's not always the optimal result when we look at that. So between the different sides of projects, that's what we think really drives efficiency more than anything, well prepared is the number one driver for efficiency, and we're maxing that out every chance we get.
Operator: The next question will come from Paul Cheng with Scotia Bank.
PaulCheng: Thank you. Good morning. I have to apologize for my first question. Because I think people have been asking that when I'm looking at your fourth quarter exit rate a 30% growth that's about 88,000 barrels a day. So even if we assume that going to stay flat for the next three years to 2024. That's about 4% growth. So when I look at your presentation on page 6, you say, oil volumes expect to be flat to slightly up year-over-year from 2021 to 2024. So is that statement still correct. That is the intention you make just keep it spread for the next several years, or this is based on the assumption commodity prices, perhaps less, much less robust than where we are today. So trying to understand what extended that statement means under what condition?
MarkBurford: Yes, Paul. So yes, on slide 6, we were trying to depict what a free cash flow framework could look like even at a lower price case, which were describing there $35 oil. And suddenly, at that level, we would be much more conservative in our capital reinvestment. And we would also be looking at our debt retirements as being a very high priority, and have that kind of world at $35 WTI and even at $35 WTI we believe we would be in a position to have flat and maybe maintenance capital, slightly up volumes, even a $35 oil. And we believe we'd have sufficient cash over that time period to pay off the 2024 notes. That's what we're trying to describe in that framework. Certainly at higher prices that are 2022 and beyond type world, we will have to continue evaluate, we don't are signaling that we would want to go to any kind of growth mode, but we will continue to evaluate our capital plans each year they go into the year looking at capital plans based on conservative price decks. That is realistically well below where the current strip is kind of setting that capital plan level and looking at making sure we have 20% to 30% of free cash flow available after our capital plans. And the reason that firstly, we're investing 70%- 80% of our capital, our cash flow and our capital. So it's a mixture of kind of how we're trying to describe there with $35 oil versus, again, kind of ongoing plan with a more current stock pricing and current pricing involved.
TomJorden: And the only comment I would make is I think slide 6 is built more with a viewpoint to where we want to land steady state. And because of the huge production decline, we saw 2020 as I said earlier it's kind of hard to throttle back. I mean we're going to - with any kind of even very modest investment, and I think this year below at 50% of our cash flow, you would use the word modest. We'll see some Q4-to-Q4 reasonable growth rates, but we're not managing over growth. That's not what we're doing. We're really managing around our long-term financial targets.
PaulCheng: Okay. Last question for me on the CapEx trajectory because the numbers of well you have come on stream is much less in the first quarter compared to the remaining? Should we assume that it's going to be followed that or is going to be pretty steady?
TomJorden: Paul, our quarter-to-quarter production profile, is that what you asked?
PaulCheng: The CapEx?
TomJorden: Oh, CapEx, sorry CapEx. We'll have a little higher CapEx in the second and third quarters. But it's on a relative basis is fairly steady. But we do have a little bit more completion capital in the second and third quarters.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Thomas Jorden for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Tom Jorden: Well, thank you. I just want to thank everybody that joined us this morning. We're very optimistic about 2021. Appreciate your great questions. I think we are pretty pleased with the shape Cimarex is in. And I'll say as I said at the beginning, we're a much better company entering 2021 than we've been. And that's a testament to the challenges we faced and the organizational response. And I know we've all had some challenges in 2020. I hope you're all doing well. And again, thank you so much for your interest and your great questions this morning. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-30 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. Id like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Kay and good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Cabots third quarter 2020 earnings call. As a reminder, on this call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in yesterdays earning release. 2020 has proven to be a challenging year on many fronts across the global market. I hope each of you and your families have remained safe and healthy through this unprecedented time. The natural gas industry specifically has had its fair share of challenges driven by the lowest NYMEX price on record in the last 25 years. However, the strategic actions, we have undertaken since we first began leasing in the Marcellus Shale in 2006, which includes numerous investors, higher cost assets with procedures utilized to maintain a healthy financial position, have positioned our company for continued success, even in the very lows of a natural gas price cycle.  While we are certainly not immune to lower natural gas prices, our low-cost structure, strong balance sheet and disciplined capital allocation strategy, allow us to continue to generate corporate returns and free cash flow even in this current price environment. The good news is that we are already experiencing significant tailwinds for the natural gas supply and demand outlook, driven by large declines in natural gas supplies across the U.S. coupled with an improving demand outlook heading into winter heating season. As a result, since our early March, we have seen over a 35% increase in the NYMEX futures for 2022 to the current levels that are above $3, which would result in a material expansion of net income, free cash flow and return on capital employed next year. While we're extremely proud of our team's ability to successfully manage our operations during the ongoing pandemic, while generating positive free cash flow in this low price environment, we believe better days lie ahead for Cabot in the 2021 and beyond. For the third quarter, specifically, we generated adjusted net income of $37.3 million or $0.09 per share and delivered a free cash flow breakeven program, despite a 26% decline in realized natural gas prices relative to the prior year comparable period. Our production for the quarter was approximately 2.4 Bcf per day, which was inside our guidance range, despite price curtail curtailment during the last 13 days of the quarter that were not included in our original guidance. Our unit cost for the quarter improved relative to the prior year period, and we continue to look for opportunities to improve on our peer-leading cost structure even in a flat price  flat production environment. On the operational front, in yesterday's release, we provided the initial results of our five Upper Marcellus tests this year, which have been producing for an average of 140 days. Based on the curve fit to date, these wells are tracking above the average EUR of 2.7 Bcf per 1,000 lateral feet that we reported at year-end for our 2018 and 2019 Upper Marcellus wells. We believe these results continue to demonstrate the productivity of this distinct economic interval across our 173,000 net acre position in the core of the dry gas window in Northeast PA. As a reminder, we plan to allocate a modest amount of capital to the Upper Marcellus annually as we continue to refine our well design and lateral placement and lateral placement across this interval. With the intent of moving to full development of our Upper Marcellus inventory at the tail end of this decade. We also continue to evaluate the optimal lateral length across our asset at and at this point, we expect to develop the upper at an average lateral length greater than 10,000 feet, which would provide significant well cost savings, further improving our economics of our Upper Marcellus inventory. Despite the questions we continue to receive on this high-quality reservoir, we have over 60 Upper Marcellus wells that, on average, have been producing for over five years, which continue to reinforce our confidence in the opportunity that awaits us when we move to the full development of this section. In yesterday's press release, we also reaffirmed our fourth quarter production guidance range, which includes the impact of previously announced price-related curtailments as well as our full year production capital guidance. While our current year expectation for differentials in 2020 is slightly wider than originally anticipated, which is primarily due to wider local basis in September and October, resulting from weaker shoulder season demand and the east storage levels nearing capacity. However, we are still on track to generate positive free cash flow and far exceed our return of capital target of at least 50% of our free cash flow for the fifth consecutive year. Despite reducing absolute debt earlier this year through the repayment of our maturity in July, we have seen a moderate increase in our leverage ratio due to lower EBITDAX resulting from the low price environment. However, we still ended the quarter with a healthy debt-to-EBITDAX ratio of 1.5 times and expect a significant deleveraging in 2021 through a combination of higher EBITDAX resulting from improved price realizations and lower absolute debt levels as we plan to utilize a portion of our expected free cash flow next year to retire our 2021 debt maturities. We also initiated a preliminary guidance for 2021. This maintenance capital program is expected to hold production levels roughly flat year-over-year at 2.35 Bcf per day from a capital program of $530 million to $540 million, representing a 7% reduction in capital spending year-over-year. The reduction in capital is driven by a combination of operating efficiency gains, resulting from the utilization of leading-edge technology across our operations and lower anticipated service costs. Our program for next year would generally -- would generate a sizable expansion in free cash flow year-over-year, allowing us to not only cover our base dividend and retire $188 million of maturing debt, but to also opportunistically return incremental levels of capital to our shareholders. We remain committed to returning a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders annually, which we have far exceeded over the last five years and will continue to evaluate the prioritization of incremental capital return between growing the base dividend, special/variable dividends, and opportunistic share repurchases. It is our belief that depending on where we sit in the commodity price cycle, certain capital allocation options offer more value creation than others and that maintaining financial flexibility is paramount, especially in a cyclical industry like ours. We are often asked what price level we would consider investing in growth again. While we have never believed in growth for the sake of growth, we do believe there are certain price environments that warrant disciplined investments in the expansion of operating cash flow, especially as the lowest cost producer. However, with the current natural gas futures in 2022 and beyond in backwardation, and well below the $3-plus environment we are anticipating in 2021, we do not believe this is the appropriate time to consider growing our production base. We do have new takeaway capacity coming on the Leidy South expansion project, for which a partial path in service was recently requested for as early as this December. This project will provide us additional access to premium markets in the mid-Atlantic. So, if natural gas prices continue to rise in the out years, we have new outlets to support incremental value-enhancing growth. However, as we previously stated, our capital allocation priorities for next year are focused on maintaining our current production level, funding our current dividend, retiring our 2021 debt maturities, and opportunistically returning incremental free cash flow to shareholders. In order to ensure that we are able to deliver on these strategic objectives for 2021, we have begun layering in hedges by opportunistically, locking in downside protection while maintaining some level of market price exposure if natural gas prices continue to move higher. Specifically, we have primarily targeted costless collars approach with a weighted average floor that generates a compelling return on capital employed and a level of free cash flow, while still providing the potential for upside to the ceiling if prices remain higher. Currently, we have approximately 23% of our volumes hedged through financial contracts and an additional 16% of our volumes protected through floors in our physical sales next year. We will rallies to opportunistically add to our hedge position and improve on our current floors and ceilings. Lastly, I'm pleased to announce that yesterday; we posted our inaugural SASB sustainability report to our website. At Cabot, we strive not only to be a leading independent producer of natural gas, but to also be a leader in safe, responsible operations and to minimize the impact of our operations on our employees, our community and the environment. Our success in developing abundant unconventional supplies of natural gas helps to support the goal of reducing total greenhouse gas submissions, while achieving energy independence in the U.S. Cabot's legacy of corporate responsibility places high-value in operating with respect and care for people, property and the environment. We believe this commitment along with our operational success will continue to create strong value for our shareholders and other stakeholders in our communities. We are proud to report that our greenhouse gas emissions intensity for 2019 was 1.3 tons of carbon
Scott Schroeder: 3.1.
Dan Dinges: Scott just corrected me, 3.1 tons of CO2 equivalent per 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent. This significantly lower than the production weighted average intensity of 15 tons of CO2 equivalent per 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent for U.S. onshore assets, as reported by interest based on the 2018 publicly available data. We currently evaluate new opportunities and continuously do this for emissions reductions to ensure that Cabot is among the most efficient and lowest emitting domestic producers. We also believe our elimination of flaring in the Marcellus, which began in 2014, and our strong performance in water management, including recycled 100% of our water recovered in our Marcellus drilling, completion and production operations, which began in 2011 will continue to make us financially and environmentally superior as pressures for lower carbon and water conserving economies  economic intensify. Hope you will each take a good look at our SASB report, we're extremely proud of how we measure up against peers and the desires of the investment community on all the metrics included in our report. In summary, Cabot's track record of disciplined capital allocation focused on generating improving corporate returns and increasing return of capital to shareholders, which is underpinned by strong free cash flow generation and an ironclad balance sheet, as well as our continued focus on corporate responsibility and demonstrate our history of safe, responsible operations that support the goal of reducing total greenhouse house emissions does position us favorably, not only today, but for decades to come as it is our belief that natural gas will continue to play a significant role in the domestic energy supply going forward. And with that, Kate, I will begin to answer any questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Leo Mariani from KeyBanc. Go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey, guys. Just a quick question here on the gas markets. To your point, we've seen NYMEX futures prices strengthened materially over the last month, which is certainly quite encouraging. I guess, at the same time, we've seen quite a bit of weakness in physical markets in Appalachia. And I guess a lot of the other kind of key gas-producing regions around the U.S. So it definitely looks like there might be bit of a disconnect in terms of what we're kind of seeing in futures versus physical? Just kind of wanted to get you all's opinion in terms of what you think might be driving some of that? And do you think those prices need to start to converge as we get deeper into the winter here?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. Thanks, Leo. And yeah, I'll turn this to Jeff in a second here, but we have seen the shoulder months, September and October being difficult. Typically difficult at that time of year, but the storage levels exasperated that perception for a while. But we did see on week-over-week injections in a comparative sense, be less than  certainly less than last year, and majority of them less than the five-year average. And I think that is moving into now  to your point about convergence, I think that's moving into now the market converging rapidly, as we've seen towards the latter part of October, an increase in the physical space. I'll let Jeff make a comment also.
Jeff Hutton: Yes, sir. Good morning. Dan hit the nail on the head with storage number primarily in the East. The East typically builds up, of course, their storage levels. But this year, they were build quite early. And so, with some really mild shoulder months, we did see our basis differentials widen out a bit in contrast to what NYMEX has done. And I think when you look at NYMEX and what's driving it, you see an exit rate on U.S. dry gas production close to 5 Bcf a day less than the previous year. Obviously, that's helping NYMEX. You also see the capital discipline in the marketplace today, particularly among the gas guys. That helps NYMEX, of course. So we're encouraged in a normal winter, and we're prepared for that to  for these basis differentials to return to somewhat more normal level.
Leo Mariani: Okay. And just to follow-up on that. Clearly, to your point, we're starting to see physical prices improve a little bit. Would you guys expect that those physical prices continue to rise this winter? But is there also a risk that maybe we see some downward pressure on those NYMEX prices for kind of prices to meet a little bit more in the middle?
Jeff Hutton: Well, again, I think we're early into the winter weather season, and it's encouraging. We had snow today in Boston. That's always a good thing in October. But it's going to be somewhat of a weather play. We've worked really hard to insulate ourselves from just being a weather play. We've got a lot of physical fixed-price contracts in place with high floors. We have, as Dan mentioned, started our hedging program. But NYMEX is a result of demand decline and demand is a function of weather in a lot of cases. But we've  again, we're prepared for that. And I think the increase in NYMEX over the last five months and including a big increase in 2020 too over the last five months is a real encouraging factor.
Dan Dinges: I'll also add that, where the prices are right now and you look at the  just the fundamentals that are out in front of us, that you do have an undersupplied market going into this winter with an undersupplied market. If you do have a colder winter than expected, it's going to certainly move the price up. But I think also equally as important, if you have a normal winter or even a warmer winter with the undersupplied market, I do think there is a higher floor that's been placed under the market-based on these fundamentals. And particularly where we have seen a very strong rebound in the LNG going from back in, what, March, April, 3 B's, a day export to recently 9 and pushing 10 Bcf day export in LNG in the last couple of days.
Leo Mariani: Very helpful color for sure, guys. I was hoping you could maybe just touch base on the returns of capital. Clearly, to your point, Dan, there should be significant excess free cash flow in 2021. You kind of talked about a number of different options, variable dividends, special dividend, buybacks clearly, to your point, clearly, market conditions at the time in terms of where the stock isn't more gases, we'll determine a lot of that. But can you maybe provide a little bit more color in terms of how you kind of think about those different options for next year and kind of what sort of the key things you're looking for to choose one versus the other?
Dan Dinges: Well, as I mentioned, our first commitment is to our stated dividend, we also are going to take care of our $188 million maturity, that's important. You look at our history. And in the last five years, we have returned a significant level of capital to our shareholders over $1 billion. We've had a five times. We have increased our dividend, and we have also brought back in about 14% of our outstanding shares by repurchases. But to prioritization, as I mentioned, dividend, maturities, but it has been our of intent to deliver a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. We'll continue to do that. We referenced earlier, a special dividend consideration, variable dividend proposition that some have outlined and made it a little bit more formulaic. We have not gotten to that stage yet. But if you look at our history as an example of our  what this management group considers and the Board, we have given back a lot of our free cash flow over and above the 50%.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Dan, to you and your whole team there.
Dan Dinges: Hey, how are you doing, Charles?
Charles Meade: Well, I am doing very well. Thats kind of youve asked. Thank you. Dan, we  the outlook for price is really, really interesting. And of course, we've got some rosy possibilities out there, but we'll have to wait and see. What I'm curious about is what levers you may have or may have set aside on your 2021 plan? And as I look at your capital guide, with just a $10 million window that looks like to me, that the message is, even if we do see a higher price spike, you guys aren't going to change your plan at all? And I guess my question is, is that the right read to take from your CapEx plan? And the follow-up being, are there other levers you could pull perhaps something like increased compression if you happen to see really strong spot prices for a couple of months?
Dan Dinges: It's a good question and we referenced in my comments that we're not going to grow for the sake of growth. And that there is a point that capital efficiency would make sense to allocate. But really, the way we see the market right now, Charles, and even at a slightly higher price point than where it is right now, we think that the capital program that we've laid out in the range of $530 million to $540 million is the appropriate program, we think, a maintenance program is appropriate at this stage. You have to look at right now the early winter season, you have to look at there is still a couple of hundred Bcf over comparison between this year's storage levels and the five-year average and last year's storage levels. We are moving into an undersupplied market. We have uncertainty with winter out in front of us. So, I think that from our perspective and looking at what's prudent for the health of Cabot and this industry that we are better served to stick with a maintenance capital program, and that's what we're going to do.
Charles Meade: Got it. Okay. And then the follow-up on the Upper Marcellus. Just to dig in and see if there's any other maybe detail you guys give, it's you talked -- or you talked about in your press release and you spoke about it. Could you clarify, are all -- are each of those wells individually above that 2.7 type curve? And -- or is it the average of those being above the type curve? And what are you learning with what you're seeing in the variation between those Upper Marcellus wells?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We had -- those wells we referenced are wells drilled off three different pads and distinctly different areas of the field and obviously, with an average of greater than 2.7, there's variability between the wells. And what we're seeing in my comments I made. And what we're trying to do with our capital allocation right now with complete of the zone, we have a thick per cell barrier between the upper and the lower. We gather data on any effects of offset wells that we've drilled and each of these wells were drilled near previous drilled and producing lower Marcellus wells, again, clear evidence of the distinct nature of the Upper Marcellus. But we are learning from our frac recipes and the landing position that we have been looking at in various different sections and a tweak frac recipe on various different landing sections to determine, do we see differences in the results. So it's an early game, and we're just gathering data like every operator has done when they go into a new shale play. The Upper is a new shale play with the 60 or so wells that we've drilled in it. We're learning continuously as we go. We're not carrying the -- we learned from our lower Marcellus and what we do there. But we also know the Upper is a distinctive reservoir to the Lower. So we're going to be well educated as we roll into our full development at the end of this decade will be well educated and ready to roll forward with greater than 2,000 foot laterals and an enhanced return profile for our Upper Marcellus wells.
Charles Meade: Thank you for that. I will call again.
Operator: Our next question is from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning. Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. You've talked about the backwardation in the curve, currently not incentivizing you to grow. And it's clear that generating free cash flow is your main priority. But the question is, at what price level would you need to see longer-term in terms of the strip for you to pivot to, call it, some moderate level of growth?
Dan Dinges: Yes. Higher than where it is. We have  you look at the backwardation and reference to 2022. It is -- has increased. Jeff referenced, I think, $275 million plus or minus is where 2022 is right now. The current strip is north of $3 for '21. We are going to be able to generate with the market what we see today in front of us. We've layered in some good floors to protect a very good program for 2021. That's going to deliver significant free cash flow greater than we've seen this year. Full coverage, we feel on our dividend and debt maturities and also incremental free cash flow above that. We think we're going to be able to see that. We're looking, again, with anticipation on the winter and what it does to the markets. We have for example, gas available for the non-New York market up there in New York. That non-New York market up there last year, as a reminder, averaged about as a $1.70 premium market to NYMEX in the first quarter of '19 that also just as a footnote on what that does to an annualized differential out there and certainly, compresses the differential that we see in the in-basin area. So to answer you specifically, I'm just going to focus on and my preference is to focus on right now, what I think is better for Cabot Oil and Gas is better to focus on our commitment to a maintenance capital program at this time. We think that is important for the industry, and we think that our commitment and conviction to that at this position in time is proven position to take.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And Dan, just my follow-up, you got the light year expansion coming on next year. Can you talk about any views on how this could impact basis differential and transport costs in 2021 and beyond?
Dan Dinges: Yes, it's a good question, and I appreciate it. I'm going to hand the baton to Jeff.
Jeff Hutton: Good morning. Yeah, Leidy South is a reinforce project. Not only for Cabot for others in the basin. And essentially, in the Northeast area of the country, this is greater than 0.5 Bcf a day, it's $580,000 a day of new takeaway, super majority of that gas will be existing gas. It's coming off the Leidy system and maybe a little bit off of Tennessee, for example. So for Cabot's position, $250,000 a day down to the Mid-Atlantic marketplace is  will improve price realizations. There's no doubt about that. We're also in a unique position that the Atlantic Coast pipeline was canceled. We felt like there was a little bit of gas supply from that project that was going to compete with us. And since that's no longer there that's another good indicator for capital realizations. Overall, though, I think the basis differentials in Northeast Pennsylvania for all the pipes will improve significantly, just like the start-up of Atlantic Sunrise project. So we're encouraged that there is, in fact, a good possibility that there will be some early service available to the shippers on that project. We're hopeful that, that could be as early as this winter. More to come on that, but it's definitely an improvement to get another major takeaway project in place.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks for your color.
Dan Dinges: Thanks, Arun.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs. Go ahead.
Brian Singer: Thank you, good morning.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Brian.
Brian Singer: I wanted to follow-up on Arun's first question. You had talked, I think, in your opening comments about the forward curve for 2022 being below the $3 plus that you're kind of seeing for 2021. And I wondered if you could just talk philosophically on how you think about what that price point is where you would move away from maintenance mode? Is it based on where peer supply cost is? Do you -- is it based on a higher cost of capital relative to what would have been used in the past to try to drive supply cost, or is there a clawback in return of capital to shareholders above and beyond your debt paydown target given that this year was a pause for understandable reasons. Just some philosophy on how you're -- how you would make that decision?
Dan Dinges: Well, I really look at the -- start with the macro environment, Brian. The macro environment has been oversupplied. And that oversupply has made it extremely difficult and challenging for our industry. You can look at the balance sheets across the space, both natural gas and oil producers' balance sheets has a level of stress that is going to be sticky. And when you look at the ability to delever in a market that is such a challenged and maybe oversupplied market in light of this pandemic, it is not in our best interest from a capital management standpoint to stress the -- our balance sheet and we think at this period of time, with the prices we see out there, that if we are going to see higher pricing, a return of that capital to our shareholders in the form of the dividend, in the form of special or variable dividend also, again, taking care of our $188 million debt maturity, is the most prudent use of capital. If there is a disconnect in valuation, to your point and part of your question, if there is a disconnect in valuation about what we think is a value of Cabot stock. It is not as high priority as a dividend to us, but we have bought back shares in the past, and that's certainly not off the table in the future.
Brian Singer: Got it. Thanks. And then my follow-up is, can you provide any update on litigation with the state of Pennsylvania?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. To comment on that is risky. And I can say this that we have just ongoing discussions on the litigation. And we felt like that there is progress being made.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you 
Operator: Our next question is from David Deckelbaum from Cowen. Go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Scott Schroeder: Hello, Dave?
Dan Dinges: Can you hear us Dave?
David Deckelbaum: Yes. Can you hear me?
Dan Dinges: Yes. Now I can, yes.
David Deckelbaum: Sorry about that. Good morning, guys. Thanks for the time. Dan, just a lot about your philosophy going forward. I guess I have just two questions. You talked about the 2022 curve, the backwardation there. I guess, longer term of ranking beyond 2022, if we're in the range where you're getting somewhere, including the betas in the realm of $240, $250 of realized gas. If we're thinking 2023 and beyond, is Cabot a product oriented company in addition to income, or do you still think that this is to compensate contracts for a very long-term maintenance plan with the upside in the commodity just to return in the form of free cash?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. And you are breaking up a little bit, David, but I think it indicated that at a $240, $250 million realized, how do we reflect and beyond 2022? How do we reflect on growth versus maintenance. Don't take my statements today, as we are going to maintain in a maintenance program forever. We understand the value of growth. We understand what growth can do for us. And at the right opportunity. And when we see the right macro outlay out in front of us. And if we can feel confident about the macro environment, that growth can be and will be in our future. But right now, today, we are laser-focused on the maintenance program, but I would be surprised if in the future, as the macro market continues to improve that we don't consider growth.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate that. And my follow-up to that, the base is coming through clearly is -- I guess, the Appalachian market now being very seasonally driven, weather is obviously a very determinant factor. This past year, they were a lot of [Indiscernible] and storage and is filling up faster than expected. This year, youve shown some production in September or October. As you go into next year, are you looking at optimizing around free cash? Is there any consideration to sort of weighting your completions to be more seasonally advantaged, dying away from shoulder periods where you would have even extremeness in [Indiscernible], or is it something that's [Indiscernible] keeping [Indiscernible] steady [Indiscernible] throughout the year and just getting things at the well, if need be?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have a very low capital intensity program. We only had and had two rigs, three rigs running for 2020. We've had two frac crews, now one frac crew, working up there. And to measure the cadence and be able to time it just exactly right, is difficult because we don't have many pad sites. And if you look at our gathering system, even though we have a great header system and we have flexibility within the gathering system. We do manage when and the timing we bring on the gas through the field in order to have the most efficiency of newly produced gas having the maximum positive effect without increasing any area of our header system pressures to where it might reduce older wells that are on the system. So it's a lot of moving parts we do take that in consideration what you're asking about, David. We do take that in consideration. And we have also brought wells on at a lower cadence and in anticipation of a better price point looking ahead, if that opportunity is available to us. And we'll continue to do that in the future.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that. If I could just ask one more quick one. One of your peers recently paid PDP 17 [ph] for an asset, primarily looking at it as a source of sort of inexpensive free cash, considering that, that's something that you're squarely focused on now on returning capital. Is Cabot out there in the market looking at, in other words, just cheap sources of free cash in the basin that you'd be able to potentially optimize and use some of your currency?
Dan Dinges: We're always interested in a value proposition. The idea of free cash and one of the luxuries that Cabot does have, is we generate free cash. We have extremely strong balance sheet. And we feel good about our organic operation being able to generate free cash. The value proposition of buying assets on a PDP basis, which, I think any asset today, if it moves, it's probably going to be on a PDP basis. If it fits in our wheelhouse, we'd consider it. But theres -- and I'll add that every deal that we're aware of anywhere out there, Cabot's internal team does a high level scrub on it. And we do also an internal evaluation on, can we have incremental accretive value-added to Cabot shareholders on every deal out there. Every single deal that we know about out there, David, we do that. So to your point, would we do it on basin asset? Sure. We look at it, because we do that as part of our DNA.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks, Dan. Appreciate the time.
Dan Dinges: Yes. You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from Kashy Harrison from Simmons Energy. Go ahead.
Kashy Harrison: Good morning, all, and thank you for taking the question. So just one for me. Are there any other large takeaway projects in Appalachia other than Leidy South, MVP and then the MVP expansion that have a reasonable potential of getting through the finish line. And if not, does that mean that for all intents and purposes, Appalachian production really only has maybe another 10-ish percent growth, maybe about another 3-ish Bcf of growth -- Bcf a day of growth moving forward.
Dan Dinges: Yes. Kashy, I appreciate the question, and I'll make a color statement, then pass it to Jeff. But the Leidy South is the near-term project. There's other projects on the book that Jeff can cover. But in addition, we also have a business development group that is in search of in-basin demand projects that would require incremental infrastructure, but it would not be in the form of the long haul pipes. Those conversations have been had in the past. Certainly, the pandemic has slowed down some conversations and getting together. Just by the sheer nature of what's going on in a lot of places. But it is our expectation that we will see in Northeast PA incremental in-basin demand projects that would create demand off of our tailgate of our gathering system. Similar to -- though we don't -- Im not including another power plant in the -- in my expectation. But we have the Lackawanna and Moxie power plants that are classic examples of in-basin demand projects that don't require long-haul pipe. I'll let Jeff talk about some of the ideas in the future.
Jeff Hutton: Yes, Kashy, just to pick up on your specifics about the entire Appalachian, Marcellus basin in terms of takeaway and the basin demand. Northeast PA, as Dan alluded to, is a focal point for us on in-basin. We've actually taken advantage of this COVID situation and surprisingly been able to participate and muster up with a lot of trade associations. We've been doing a lot of webcast with manufacturers associations and industrial groups that are been very beneficial, and that was kind of a nuance in this day and age for us. We are participating in a lot of site selections and site selections including everything from power, water, rail, highway, workforce, permitting, tax, et cetera. So not only are we hard and fast in that area, but other producers throughout the Marcellus. So it's hard to judge what a growth rate could be in entire Marcellus when you have in-basin demand projects throughout West Virginia, PA and Southwest PA, Ohio. And just, for example, West Virginia is getting a couple of gas-fired power plants next year that are replacing coal. So it's growth all over on the in-basin side, throughout the Marcellus. In terms of pipeline, if you look at Leidy -- excuse me, Leidy South, Mountain Valley, we get 2 Bcf per day there. We are firmly where the PennEast is going to be built. Their phase one in Pennsylvania will be -- should receive FERC certificates any day now. If it gets here, quickly, we'll see it in service late next year, if it's delayed another couple of months. That will add to the construction time there. So PennEast is important. One other connecting device was recently approved for construction. Adelphia, that's been in the news. So we have a new delivery point, not only to the proposed PennEast delivery points on Columbia and Texas Eastern. Philadelphia will serve new markets in the Philadelphia area. So I'm a firm believer, there's going to be a number of niche projects going forward to meet the needs of the producer community throughout the Marcellus. And so, I hesitate to confirm or deny of a particular growth rate for all the Marcellus, but there's a lot of stuff going on, in this instance, it's actually pretty exciting.
Kashy Harrison: Got it. Thats super helpful. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for closing remarks.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Kate, and I appreciate everybody's good questions and attention to Cabot business. 2020, as we mentioned, was an extremely difficult year on a commodity price point. I think we illustrated that even in this lowest price point in 25 years that we can still deliver free cash flow and maintain a great balance sheet and our operation. This is -- it's been a while since we've been able to look ahead and anticipate as optimistically as we are, the forward strip. I think the street also is looking at it optimistically with the number of questions that we received today on growth. But we feel great about the position. We feel like the challenge of the commodity is going to have maybe going forward, a different floor underneath it. I think, which will also reinforce Cabot's ability in a cyclical market to be able to still deliver what we've been able to deliver for the last five years. And that's free cash flow, strong balance sheet and return of capital to our shareholders. So with that, I, again, appreciate it. Look forward to our year-end 2020 call in February, and stay safe through this difficult time. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-31 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Allison, and good morning to all. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. As a reminder, on this call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in yesterdays earnings release. Despite the ongoing global pandemics impact on natural gas demand during the second quarter, which contributed to the lowest average quarterly NYMEX price since the third quarter of 1995, Cabot was still able to generate positive net income of $30.4 million or $0.08 per share. These results demonstrate our uniquely advantaged low-cost structure that we have continued to improve upon year-after-year, allowing us to deliver profitability and positive returns on capital even the very trough of the natural gas price cycle, which is where we believe we are today. While we are seeing green shoots emerging in the natural gas market, which I will get into in more detail later in the call. I want to commend our team for delivering another profitable quarter in the face of the recent headwinds across our industry. Operationally, our team delivered another strong quarter with our daily production of 2.229 Bcf per day, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Our realized prices before the impact of derivatives, represents a $0.30 differential to NYMEX, which is in line with the low end of our full year guidance range and is a significant improvement relative to a $0.44 differential in the prior year comparable period. Additionally, all of our operating expenses were in line with or below our guidance ranges for the quarter, demonstrating our continued focus on cost control. In the second quarter, we generated our first quarterly free cash flow deficit since the second quarter of 2018, but it's the only our second free cash flow deficit in the last 17 quarters, given the historically low natural gas price environment during the first half of this year, in addition to the combination of our first half weighted capital program and a second half weighted production profile. Our plan for 2020 was expected to generate a slight free cash flow deficit during the first six months of the year before turning to a free cash flow positive program in the second half of the year. Ultimately, at the current strip, we still expect our capital program for the year to be fully funded within cash flow and to generate enough free cash flow to cover the majority of our regular dividend. Our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong with a net debt to trailing 12 months EBITDAX ratio of 1.2 times at the end of the quarter. Subsequent to the quarter-end, we use cash on the balance sheet to repay our $87 million tranche of senior notes, which matured this month. It is important to note that while we have seen a moderate expansion in our leverage metrics this year as a result of trough natural gas prices, we anticipate a significant compression in our leverage ratio next year at the current strip. This compression is driven, not only by the expectation for higher EBITDAX resulting from improved price realizations, but also from lower absolute debt levels as we continue to pay down our near-term maturities with free cash flow. In yesterday's release, we reaffirmed our full year production guidance range of 2.35 to 2.375 Bcf per day, with the midpoint of the range implying a flat production levels year-over-year. Additionally, we have reaffirmed our capital program of $575 million. We also initiated our third quarter production guidance range of 2.4 to 2.45 Bcf per day, which represents a 9% sequential increase in daily production. Midpoint of our guidance range for the third quarter and full year imply that production volumes in the fourth quarter will be roughly flat to the fourth quarter of last year. On the capital side, we expect spending to sequentially decline in both the third and fourth quarters, driven by a reduction in our completion activity during the second half of the year. The macro outlook for natural gas markets is, obviously, top of everyone, so mind, especially given the stark contrast between the current market conditions and where we believe these dynamics could be during the winter withdrawal season. On the demand side, while LNG exports have continued to disappoint this summer, we believe that July and August will likely mark the trough for the export levels, resulting in a gradual improvement in LNG utilization rates beginning in the latter part of the third quarter as the U.S. experiences fewer cargo cancellations. Our base case expectation is that as we move into the winter, higher global gas prices will put U.S. LNG back in the money, leading to significant improvements in utilization rates and a corresponding increase in export related demand for natural gas, while we anticipate some reduction in power burn this winter due to reduced coal-to-gas switching, we would expect stronger residential and commercial demand year-over-year, assuming normal weather, which should offset any power-related demand loss. On the supply side, we continue to see the potential for over 6 Bcf per day reduction in production year-over-year this winter, driven only  driven not only by the sizable activity cuts in natural gas focused basins, which we think is good, but also from steeper-to-cuts and oil-focused basins, resulting in the expectation for continued structural declines in associated gas production. Given the ongoing focus across industry production on capital discipline, including the prioritization of capital allocation on debt reduction and return of capital to shareholders over growth, we believe any future recovery in natural gas supply will be much slower than in prior cycles. And ultimately, the market will need to see higher prices to either incentivize more production or to disincentivize LNG exports and economic coal-to-gas switching. While there are certainly risks to this thesis, we remain cautiously optimistic about the natural gas market heading into this winter. We remain acutely focused on executing on a risk management strategy for 2021 that optimistically locks in hedges to protect against potential downside risk, while also remaining exposed to potentially one of the most favorable setups, we have seen for the commodity in years. While we have yet to formulate official plans for 2021, in our release yesterday, we highlighted that based on 2021 NYMEX price assumptions of $2.75 per Mmbtu, which is roughly in line with the future  current futures. We can deliver similar production levels as 2021 from a modestly lower capital program, while delivering a free cash flow yield of approximately 8% and a return on capital employed between 19% and 20%. As we disclosed previously, every $0.10 improvement in NYMEX natural gas price is expected to increase our 2021 free cash flow by approximately $55 million, highlighting the upside potential, if the natural gas market does, in fact, reach a point of inflection this winter. As we anticipate, a significant expansion in free cash flow in 2021, we remain committed to disciplined capital allocation with a focus on balancing the deployment of our free cash flow next year between returning capital to shareholders, and repayment of our $188 million of senior notes maturing in 2021. Our capital return focus will be grounded in our base quarterly dividend of $0.10 per share or $0.40 annually and further supplemented by optimistic returns of capital, including special dividends and/or share repurchases. While 2020 may ultimately deliver the lowest average NYMEX price on record since 1995, I am proud of Cabot's resiliency, highlighted by our ability to deliver positive free cash flow and positive corporate returns, while maintaining a strong balance sheet even in the trough of the commodity price cycle. We will continue to execute, deliver on our plans for this year, which was formalized in February before the widespread impacts of the Global Pandemic, and we remain optimistic about the potential for an inflection potential in natural gas markets this winter and the corresponding expansion in our free cash flow, return on capital employed and return of capital to shareholders in 2021. And Allison, with that comment, I will be more than happy to answer any questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today will come from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan Chase. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning, Dan. I was wondering, if you could give us a little bit more color around your thoughts on modestly lower CapEx for 2021 Maybe give us a little bit of thoughts on that.
Dan Dinges: Well, we have indicated that our 2020 program was front-loaded, the remainder of 2020, we're not going to spend as much capital. We're also in the midst of negotiations with rigs and frack crews and looking at the efficiencies we've developed in our program operationally and what we're seeing and what we think will occur with our execution contracts in the 2021 program. We think we will see that modest reduction in that program.
Arun Jayaram: Great.
Dan Dinges: Yes, if you wanted a ballpark 5% to 10% as a number right now might be a useful number.
Arun Jayaram: Got it. So, something maybe in this 540 type range, something like that?
Dan Dinges: Yes, that would see that would seem reasonable.
Arun Jayaram: Got it. I did want to maybe see if you could elaborate on called some of the outlook comments on 2021 obviously assuming a $275 million strip, you cited an 8% free cash flow yield, which would suggest on our math, call it $580 million in free cash flow, your annual dividends about $160 million. I think there's a desire of the company to return at least 50% of free cash flow to shareholders. So, that would suggest maybe another $130 million, but just maybe want to get your thoughts on, let's assume $275 million is a good number next year, what kind of magnitude of cash return could we see to shareholders above your dividend again which is around $160 million a year?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we have -- I think we've set a pretty good clear track record of what our desire is and that is to return. As we couched 50% of our free cash flow back to shareholders, we have our debt we're going to take care of next year, we have the dividend also. And some of our decision, and what we elect to do, we would -- if I'm speculating here a little bit. But we would probably maintain our dividend where it is. We'll talk about it throughout the year and we'll look at the macro market as we look out forward. But we've also have talked internally about special dividends, and we haven't changed off of our position to return cash to shareholders.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot, Dan.
Dan Dinges: You bet.
Operator: Next question will come from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Dinges: Good morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Campbell: I want to ask for a little help on two ideas from the press release together first cabinet said that it can maintain the flattish production in 2021 with lower spend, we just discussed that. And then, as with your preamble, there was the note that improving demand and diminishing supply implied tailwinds for nat gas pricing in 2021, one view seems quite conservative and the other one is more bullish, so I was wondering how do we put these two contrasting views together to think about what may be more probable or less probable for Cabot in 2021?
Dan Dinges: Well, it's still early. We've -- as you read, or typically, as we do, we released in February what our outlook on 2021 is going to be. We have the advantage at that point-in-time to be able to see what the winter has done, look at what the strip is at that particular time, and we'll forecast then a much clearer definition of what our 2021 CapEx will be and what we're -- how we're going to set our expectations. When we look at the market and at this time, we are conservative by nature, we have a -- what I think is a great setup for our shareholders to deliver a great deal of free cash flow. We'll deliver that free cash flow to our shareholders versus the banks. And I think that is going to be attractive. And we have a conservative program, which hopefully, it turns into that conservative program with the commodity price expectation we've stated, plus or minus $275 million. And we're comfortable with that right now. If we see continued discipline in the market, and we see continued increases in demand. The LNG market comes back strong, we do have the ability to increase our program, but we're comfortable right now messaging that our lower CapEx program in 2021 is going to deliver the same volumes.
Jeffrey Campbell: And just to follow that up real quick. And I don't want to put words in your mouth, but it sounds like what you're saying is we've got a conservative program set up there is already going to generate attractive free cash. And if the market goes our way and we get better pricing, first and foremost, we're going to make even more free cash. And then maybe at some point, depending on signals, we might increase the activity as a follow-on. Is that fair, or am I reading too much into it?
Dan Dinges: I wish I could have said it as well as you did, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, great. And I'll ask a follow-up. Just a lot more specific, I just want to get your view on the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast pipeline, the likely completion of the Mountain View pipeline. And how you see that affecting the nat gas market in 2021, both macro and maybe on Appalachian basis as well? Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Jeffrey. And Jeff Hutton is on the edge of his seat.
Jeff Hutton: Good morning, Jeffrey. There's a lot to take in with the -- project. But in the grand scheme of things on pipeline development, and also on specific, we always felt like that project was fairly long, because of the 600-mile, how many states they went through, et cetera, et cetera. And quite frankly, the high cost of that project, but also that project lands. It does tie in the trans for down to Station 165. We felt like that's quite a bit of gas we go into that market, obviously, there were some shippers that were optimistic that they'd be able to develop some more gas-fired generation down there. I still think that's the case. But I think there's also ample supply on the transport system to satisfy that demand. So initially, and even today, we still think that there was too much gas in that region. We were somewhat concerned that it would saturate the market to the point that it would bleed upstream into the D.C. area where we're actively marketing gas. And so, quite frankly, the cancellation of that project gives us a more of an optimistic view on pricing for that region.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, great. That's very helpful. Thank you. And by the way, we'll see you next week.
Dan Dinges: Very good.
Operator: Our next question today is from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
Dan Dinges: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer: I wanted to follow up on a couple of the points raised here earlier, first on that mechanism to return cash to shareholders. How are you thinking, you talked about the special dividend, but how are you thinking about more of a more codified variable dividend versus special dividend versus share repurchase when that time comes?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we're socializing that now internally. Brian, we have not  we have not put a framework around a formulaic delivery of that special dividend or variable dividend. As you've seen in the past, we have as similar to our buybacks. We've made those decisions when we feel comfortable about the market. We see the near-term support in the market that allows us to generate out in front of us, x amount of incremental free cash. So we're comfortable delivering certain portion of that and in some cases all of it back to shareholders. So, you know, I'm sorry I'm not specific on the formula but we have not  we have not gotten to that formula internally.
Brian Singer: Understood. Thank you. And then my follow up is with regards to in-basin gas demand, can you give us the latest on what your expectations are for that market and how that also sets your view more broadly on what the outlook is for U.S. domestic gas demand, particularly from the power and industrial sectors?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, I'm going to make a comment then I want to turn it to Jeff, Brian, because it is an area that we are spending a great deal of time and focus on in-basin demand projects, but one of the  one of the most recent impetus, and it and catalysts that is, I think, driving now more attention to Northeast PA, as a location for demand projects has been the agreement of tax credits that Pennsylvania will allocate to at least four projects that bring a large manufacturing or natural gas demand project to state and spend x amount of money, employ x amount of people, then they would receive hundreds of millions of dollars over the next 10 years of tax credits. That is a tremendous opportunity is out there and now in the books with the governor's signature. And we have had discussions with in-basin demand projects, and we have had for a while, a business development group that is working this opportunity for us. We like the idea of in-basin projects. We can look that up on the tailgate of our gathering system. And it is an incremental realizations to Cabot. I'll let Jeff talk a little bit about his thoughts in this regard.
Jeff Hutton: Hey good morning Brian. The -- just a quick recap. In-basin demand in the Northeast corner, PA has picked up quite a bit of load over the last four, five years, somewhere in the neighborhood of 1.5 Bcf a day of new demand. And as you spread and look across the entire State of Pennsylvania, a lot of projects that are being built or have been built that are utilizing natural gas from the Pennsylvania area. So, it's all good, whether or not it's a Cabot-linked project or with others. But specifically, we've talked about this in the past, where we've identified a number of sites and locations with different acreage and terrain sizes with water, with rail, with power and obviously, with our gas supply. And we continue to talk to industries that are located in the Northeast, already have markets in the Northeast. There's been some new technology developed for some very unique projects that are good year-round loads and so nothing to announce today. Obviously, we have a huge amount of a huge amount of activity with different manufacturing associations and associations throughout that region, including local and county market development people. So, it's an ongoing process. We found some -- we have some ideas that we're working toward, nothing definitive, but we're really happy with 0.5 Bcf a day low that we currently have up there. And most of those deals, of course, are long-term in duration because of the nature of their locations.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Our next question will come from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys. I was hoping to follow-up a little bit more on the kind of risk management/hedging strategy. As we sit here today, I mean it looks like futures curve in 2021 is offering a little bit north of 265, which seems like a very robust price compared to where we sit today and certainly one where I think Cabot's economics would be outstanding. Why not try to maybe put some kind of call or structure in place to protect some of that downside at this point. Certainly, recognize your bullish view on macro. But as you guys know, you're always kind of a warm winter away from potential challenges in the gas market. So, any thoughts you kind of have on that would be great.
Dan Dinges: We have certainly a discussion regularly internally with our hedge committee and the price we see out there in 2021 is actually north of the $265 million that we see today. It is our intent to mitigate, as you say, the downside of the macro market. We have all been disappointed in the past, more so disappointed in the recent past than pleasantly surprised. We do think that there are some fundamental points that we made in my remarks that are constructive to a supportive underpinning of the market. And, yes, it can go down, and as I mentioned that the risk of that type of downside, we're fully aware of. We think our program would deliver very well at $265 million. It is our intent to participate in the 2021 financial hedge market. And we'll do that appropriately with the vehicles, once we make the decision amongst the committee to do that. So we're thinking you like, Leo, we're pleased with where the market is right now. And we are, again, looking forward to participate in the hedge market. I can't tell you when, in advance, we plan to do something, but we do look at it every day.
Leo Mariani: Okay. That's great color. I just wanted to follow-up on your comments regarding 2021. I know it's not guidance and just sort of an outlook. But, I guess, flattish year-over-year production next year on my math, kind of, implies around a 4% decline versus fourth quarter 2020 levels. I know you guys certainly said that you think about this in a conservative way. I guess would that end up being a similar shape to what we saw in 2020, where your production was down a little bit early in the year due to lack of winter fracking and then maybe pick up from there? Just trying to understand the dynamic as to why you'd kind of be down versus 4Q if gas is strong next year.
Dan Dinges: Yeah. We're  that's fairly granular to be able to give you the cadence quarter-to-quarter right now, Leo, I'm sorry. But, overall, right now, I'm comfortable just with our outlook being what it is, and it's flat with lower capital in 2021 and the cadence, we do try to manage the cadence, and it's a result of just a number of different things, the size pads we have, some of the winter season, the expectations on how the market is going to -- the macro market is going to look. We have not nailed down exactly the cadence for the quarters. One thing I would say that, right now, if you look out in this summer, we had $1.60 gas, $1.70 gas in the, say, the April to October. And if you look out in 2021, if we're even partially right about the lower supply higher demand running through this winter, then you ought to be able to look out at the period between the April and October and say that, that market right now might be about a $2.60 market. So there is an effect, almost $1 difference during that period of time. So the cadence is still  we still have a discussion going internally. But those are some of the things that we look at.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Thats great color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Dan to you and your team there.
Dan Dinges: Hello, Charles.
Charles Meade: Hey, Dan, I wanted to  this isn't something you guys really made a point this quarter, but I wondered if you could give us an update on the evolution of your  of the Upper Marcellus in your views. And I think the last time you guys really dove into it, we were talking about EURs that were about 90% of what the Lower Marcellus is. And so I'm wondering if you could just give us an update on if that view has evolved anymore. And if you're  if you have any plans for iterating on that zone or doing some more extensive testing in that zone, either in the back half of this year or in 2021?
Dan Dinges: Yes. And we have drilled some upper wells this year. The number though, Charles, for comparison between the lower is more 70-plus percent EUR, not 90%. And that's in our.
Jeff Hutton: Always been the case.
Dan Dinges: Yes, that's been our material, and that's always been the case. But the wells that we have drilled this year, and we've actually drilled uppers on three different pads and the wells in different locations in the field. And collectively, I'm not going to get grainier on it because couple wells have been on longer than the other wells that have come on more recently. But collectively, what we have seen is that our type curve on the upper is running slightly above, collectively, the type curve that we're using as our risk tight curve out there in the  in the field for the upper. You want to say, Steve?
Steve Lindeman: Yes. So basically, what Dan's saying is that when you look at those pads currently, they've been on for a short period of time, but they're outperforming our projection for what the type curve would be for in that area. So we're very pleased with those results.
Charles Meade: Yes. Got it. That's the kind of color I was looking for. I guess I was misremembered and miscalibrated on that, but thank you for taking me out. Dan, I recognize that maybe this is a bit of a long shot, but is there anything  any comments you would  you'd care to make about the case that the Pennsylvania AG uncorked earlier this year with you guys?
Dan Dinges: Well, the AG as a number of companies have now been recognized by the AG and through their investigations. As you are aware that the charges are, of course, disputed matters but nonetheless, Cabot is cooperating with the AG, and we're  they have provided his staff with facts and data addressing the allegations directly. We are certainly telling Cabot's side of the story. It's undisputed up there that natural gas is naturally occurring in all the areas of Northeast Pennsylvania. And methane was up there in the rock prior -- but prior to the oil and gas industry ever going up there. When we moved up there, it was a greenfield operation, no drilling had taken place, no production. And there was natural gas in the water systems up there. So we'll continue to work with AG, we're always employing our best practices to protect the environment and its operations and continue to be a leader in that regard. We do intend to be able to resolve this matter that is positive for all stakeholders.
Charles Meade: Thanks for that color, Dan.
Dan Dinges: Thanks Charles.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Josh Silverstein of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Silverstein: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning guys. Just follow-up on a question before about the upper and the lower Marcellus. You talked about two decades of inventory. I just wanted to see how you could split that right now between the upper versus the lower? And at what price deck that would be using?
Dan Dinges: On our drill cadence, if you look at how we've laid out our long-term program. And we have shown in a deck -- in the past, we've shown our production and drilling going out into the 2040 period. We have go out into the latter part of 2020 decade with our lower drilling. And then subsequent to that, we move into the upper Marcellus drilling. And we have that drilling out into the 2040 period.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. So it's kind of 10 years for the lower lease right now, its kind of maintenance cadence?
Dan Dinges: It's slightly less, John, than 10 years, but it goes out towards the end of the 2020 decade, yeah.
Josh Silverstein: Got you. Okay. And then maybe just talking about that maintenance cadence. One of the benefits of staying at this lower level and not growing that you can actually lower your base decline rate. I wanted to see where it was at the end of last year, where you think it might be at the end of this year? And if you were to just kind of hold things flat where that might be at the end of next year?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. We have -- our decline rate right now is 29% to 30%. And I don't have the number. And Steve Lindeman might be able to get me towards the cadence of our decline, as he's looked at our reserves towards the end of 2021. : Right. So what  like Dan said, right now, we're kind of running in the 29% to 30% range. As you go out three or four years and add to the base, we'll probably be running in the 25% -- 24%, 25% range.
Josh Silverstein: Got it. Understood. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Kashy Harrison with Simmons. Please go ahead.
Kashy Harrison: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Dan Dinges: You bet.
Kashy Harrison: So Dan, you highlighted 8% free cash flow yield in 2021 at $275 million. I was looking at your 2019 financials. It looks like you guys were able to do $1.35 billion of discretionary cash flow at about $260 million. I know that had about $150 million of hedge gains. But just given the simple math there would get you to about $1.2 billion. And then, if I took your  the implied CapEx that was discussed earlier in the call, it feels like we should be much higher than 8% at $2.75 million. And so I guess my question is, is that conservatism on your part, or should we be thinking about basis expansion or maybe cash income taxes as you look toward a higher-priced environment?
Dan Dinges: Yes. I'm going to pitch the ball to Matt.
Matt Kerin: Hey, Kashy, yeah, I think you nailed it  you nailed it with the cash tax piece. Obviously, last year, we also had the benefit of higher  significantly higher deferred tax add back, because of so that's tax reform, et cetera. So as we move forward now that we've maximized all the utilization of our NOLs and AMT, we're just not going to see those same tax benefits in the future. And I'd add, of course, there's always conservatism in our guide as well, as you know.
Kashy Harrison: Got it. Very helpful. I guess this high-class problems. And then as you think about capital spending, as you look at your capital spending or, I was looking at your capital spending, it seems like you guys have spent just under 60% of the budget, but you've completed well over that proportion of your targeted wells for the year. And so I guess my follow-up question was, are you guys seeing some sort of  some efficiencies or cost improvements? And is there anything to read-through for implications to the full year budget, or is this just more so timing related?
Dan Dinges: We have in efficiencies in our program. We decided to maintain our $575 million CapEx. It's midyear right now. It might be a conservative position, but we wanted the least noise in the release as we could deliver, and we thought that was appropriate.
Kashy Harrison: Got it. That's very helpful. And if I could just sneak one more in and just follow-up on some earlier questions on the Upper Marcellus. I was just wondering, I know we've always talked about the 70% of  the upper 70% of the lower on the well performance front. Have you guys ever talked about just how to think about the difference in well costs between the two zones?
Dan Dinges: Well, we haven't  we've talked about it maybe more indirectly, but we have made comments regarding our full development case of our Upper Marcellus. And to not make this a long-winded answer, Scott, has told me sometimes that I talked too long on my answers. But when you look at the full development of the Marcellus -- , you can really  Upper Marcellus, you can really look at the Upper Marcellus. It's a blank piece of paper for the most part. We intend to particularly with the legislation that has been passed recently about longer laterals and how you drill within or across units. It is our intent to lay out the sticks for the Upper Marcellus, with longer laterals on average than we've been able to drill in the Lower Marcellus program. With the drilling of the longer laterals, and I'm talking about kind of the 12,000 foot type laterals in the Upper Marcellus, there's efficiencies inherent in drilling longer laterals than longer laterals. With our currently, even in the Lower -- excuse me, even in the Lower, in our longer laterals, if we drill 11,000 or 12,000 foot laterals, and you look at our completion efficiencies or some represent their -- the cost of development in what the cost is per foot and our -- even in our Lower, we have a -- say, a $700 -- slightly over $700 per foot cost in our 11,000 foot type of lateral that we drill in the Lower and those as actually cost that we have in first and second quarter of this year. There's another thing on the efficiencies that we see in those -- in that cost Cabot also loads in -- of our cost per foot. We also load in our -- all our facilities in that cost, and we load in all the construction associated with our pad sites into those costs. That is, again, all-in cost for us and the other thing we do is we have what we think are very efficient completions. We have 2,500 pounds of proppant we use in our completions. And versus, I know some other companies might use less proppant. So, their cost for proppant is going to be maybe slightly less than ours, but we do like the amount of gas that we have coming in out of our wells and so our recipe, we think we have dialed in, is very efficient. So, there is going to be, overall, considerably less cost attached to the development of our Upper Marcellus, including use of roads, reuse of pad sites. We hope reuse of some of the equipment, so we would take -- even though the -- it might be a 70%-plus comparison to the Lower, we think on a return profile basis because of what I'm just mentioning, our Upper development is going to be in an extremely good return profile.
Kashy Harrison: That's excellent color. Thanks for all that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Allison. And once again, I would just like to say thanks again to those dedicated shareholders of Cabot, but also their gratitude to Cabot's team. They have been out there through this this very difficult environment. Many of our field operators have been going to work every single day even though some of the corporate headquarters and office in Pittsburgh have honored the stay-at-home because of this pandemic. But those guys and girls out there in the field have gotten up every day to head out and do the work. And as you can see by our numbers, we've been able to deliver on our program and I'm very proud of the group. So, thanks again for the attention. Look forward to next quarter's call. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-01 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Dan Dinges: Good morning. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot first quarter 2020 earnings call. Before I get into our performance for the first quarter, I'd like to say that our thoughts are with those who have been affected by COVID-19. I want to thank those individuals on the front lines, especially the health-care workers who have been working to keep us all safe during this pandemic. Additionally, I want to thank all of our employees for their tireless efforts to keep our operations running efficiently. While we are navigating through truly challenging times, I would never bet against the resiliency of the human spirit and I do expect us to re-emerge from this period even stronger. As a reminder, on this morning's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures, forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures were provided in yesterday's earnings release. During the first quarter, Cabot generated positive net income of $53.9 million or $0.14 per share and $49.8 million of positive free cash flow, despite a 49% decrease in realized prices relative to the prior year period, highlighting the company's ability to deliver profit and free cash flow even in the most challenging of market. We returned approximately 80% of our free cash flow to shareholders during the quarter through our dividend, which currently yields approximately 2% on an annualized basis. We remain fully committed to our dividend and based on current NYMEX futures for 2020, our program for the year is expected to generate enough free cash flow to fully cover our dividend. Our balance sheet remains ironclad with net debt-to-trailing 12 months EBITDAX ratio of 0.9 times. Our lenders group recently unanimously reaffirmed our $3.2 billion borrowing base under our revolving credit facility. Aggregate bank commitments under our credit facility remain at $1.5 billion, which result in approximately $1.7 billion of liquidity at the end of the first quarter, when including over $200 million of cash on the balance sheet. We have an $87 million tranche of debt maturing in July of this year, which we plan to pay off with a portion of our cash position. On the operational front, our production for the first quarter was 2.363 billion cubic foot per day, which was inside our guidance range for the quarter. We placed nine wells on production during the quarter, all of which were turned in line during February. We are currently operating two rigs and utilizing two completion crews. As previously disclosed, we expect a sequential decline in production during the second quarter, driven in large part by a lighter turn-in-line schedule during the first 4.5 months of the year with only 13 wells expected to be placed on production between the beginning of the year and mid-May. This is primarily a result of long cycle times for large pads with long laterals during the first and second quarters. Additionally, our forecast assumes modest price-related curtailments during the natural gas shoulder season. Our second quarter production guidance range also reflects the impact of unplanned downtime related to remedial work on one well on a large pad that resulted in the deferral of over 230 completed stages from the first quarter to the second quarter, which led to lower capital spending levels in the first quarter. We have updated our full-year production guidance to a range of 2.350 billion cubic feet to 2.375 billion cubic foot per day to reflect the previously mentioned operational changes. The midpoint of this range implies flat production levels year-over-year. Additionally, we have reaffirmed our capital program of $575 million. We do expect a significant sequential increase and production during the third quarter based on expectations of placing approximately two-thirds of our wells on production between mid-May and late August while our fourth quarter production is expected to be flat with the fourth quarter levels from last year. We use the recent rally in 2020 NYMEX futures to layer in additional hedges for the summer month to protect against the potential for more prolonged demand disruption this summer related to the global pandemic. However, the outlook for natural gas prices later this year and into 2021 has drastically improved since our year-end call in February with a 2021 NYMEX future increasing by almost $0.50 to approximately $2.75 per Mmbtu. This has been driven by the expectation for significant gas supply declines in 2020 and 2021 from the substantial reduction in activity levels we have seen in legacy gas producing basins like the Marcellus, the Haynesville and Utica, in addition to sizable cuts in activity we are seeing in oil basins like the Permian, Eagle Ford and Mid-Continent, which were expected to result in significant declines in associated gas production. It is premature to disclose any formal guidance for 2021 at this point. However, I would highlight that a maintenance capital program next year would deliver a free cash flow yield over 6% and a return on capital employed of approximately 20% at the current strip, all while maintaining a net leverage ratio below one times EBITDA. As of today, we remain unhedged for 2021 as we continue to assess the natural gas market outlook for next year. While the recent increase in the forward curve for 2021 is extremely positive for us. We believe that the market is currently underestimating a potential under supply of natural gas market entering into 2021 providing us optimism that the forward curve for 2021 will need to move higher to incentivize increased activity levels to address the under supplied market. For reference, every $0.10 improvement in the annual NYMEX price in 2021 result in approximately $55 million of incremental free cash flow under a maintenance capital scenario highlighting the opportunity for significant free cash flow expansion and increased levels of capital returned to shareholders next year. While 2020 will likely proved to be a tough year for our free cash flow and a return on capital employed due to the lower price environment we are managing through currently resulted from an oversupplied market exiting last winter. Our outlook for the year, however, is markedly improved - of next year is markedly improved. We plan to remain disciplined with our capital spending with an acute focus on delivering on the strategic objectives we have laid out previously, including focusing on financial returns, demonstrating continued cost control, maintaining our financial strength, generating positive free cash flow, returning capital to shareholders and increasing our proved reserve base. Once again, like to stress that our thoughts are with anyone who has been impacted during this difficult time, including our employees and shareholders. Cabot remains extremely healthy financially and given the current outlook for natural gas markets in 2021. We believe we will emerge from this period stronger than before. With that, I'm happy to open it up for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Dan Dinges: You're on mute Leo.
Operator: Leo, please go ahead with your question. Your line maybe muted. Okay. We will just go to the next question. Our question will come from Kashy Harrison with Simmons Energy. Please go ahead.
Kashy Harrison: Dan, in the event, and I know you're [indiscernible] what you can face physically over 2021, but let's just say over a medium term, pick a number of years, the mid-cycle price for gas moves meaningfully higher from here. I'm just wondering how we should think about your medium-term growth rate in a more - in a higher price environment and how we should think about the level of capital required to deliver that growth?
Dan Dinges: Well, it's a good question. And there is a lot thinking about growth with the anticipation of 2021 price may be getting a little bit of a tailwind. We're looking at all scenarios has been our focus is on our current program and 2020 being as efficient as we can possibly be. And just commenting growth in general, if you look at our industry and you take a step back and you look at the carnage that's out there right now, and all that we're dealing with. You have a number of stress balance sheet you have oversupplied in market, you have low commodity price in both oil and gas, and it seems that, you know, it's a bad replay each time you get a little bit of a growth or increase in price, everybody jumped in and tries to take advantage of that increase. And the issue for us is we would make a decision for growth. We would have to feel comfortable that there's some fundamental changes and it's sustainable in the long-term versus having a few months of an increased and trying to spend capital for that. You participate for a little bit better pricing for a short period of time, pricing rolls off and you still hadn't recaptured all your excess capital you put into it. That again has been played back over and over and over and that's why there's such stress and distress in our market. If you look at the strip right now, you can go out into 2024, and I think you get into somewhere like an average, it's such a backwardated market, you get into an average of 240, 245, somewhere in that range. That's not what we would view as a sustainable market. The backwardation for us is a concern. Now if we had a contango market, I felt comfortable about that. And we would participate in the growth side of that story. With that said, our program is - has built in, through our service contracts, flexibility to dispense more capital if we chose and to complete a few more stages and to build up into 2021, if, in fact we elect to do so. We've kind of given right now at our production levels. Our maintenance capital that we were at kind of today is kind of the maintenance capital we would have rolling forward also. We feel comfortable where we are. Our focus being on generating free cash flow and the financial metrics is going to be our focus that has for years, this is our fifth year of generating free cash flow. And what has been historically the - one of the depressed market that we had in the long, long time, and we're one of the few companies that make that claim and we're not going to change the way we perceive it. We'd love to have the higher sustainable commodity strip. We'd love to grow into it. But we're cautious with our balance sheet and our capital exposure.
Kashy Harrison: That's great color, Dan. Certainly, hope this rally has some legs as this go round. But --
Dan Dinges: [indiscernible].
Kashy Harrison: But I guess then maybe it's still sticking a little bit with that general same topic. I guess, I was wondering if your thoughts on capital returns to shareholders may have evolved over time. Specifically, I know you in the presentation you still highlight, wanting to return at least 50%. But do you have a bias for buybacks moving forward? Or do you have a buyback or maybe more of a special dividend strategy moving forward?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. And you got the tag line there on returning 50% at least to shareholders and even right now we've kind of return what 80% or so. And in the past, we've returned more with the - we bought back about 14% of our shares. We've increased our dividend about five times since 2017. So we feel good about what we can deliver with our program. We referenced a maintenance program for 2021, as an example, to illustrate that we're focused on the financial metrics, but at least a 50% going back and if you look historically, we have delivered more back to shareholders. Our base operation is priority, obviously, for the most part and then maintaining that dividend that we currently have is another important consideration for us, kind of put in, growing the dividend and also obviously we always - we don't have a real - a large amount of debt and certainly don't have much near term but considerations for debt repayment is always going to fall into the mix. But after maintaining the dividend, growing the dividend is a strong consideration. If we saw a sustainable commodity strip and we felt comfortable that layering in a little bit more capital would give us growth into a market that would allow an expected return of that capital before any roll off would occur with commodity price, not in oversupplied and under demand, then we would use some of that capital for that. Then we've always been interested in opportunistic buybacks, if the - if there is a disconnect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Silverstein with Wolfe. Please go ahead.
Josh Silverstein: We like you are bullish on natural gas price for next year. But wondering about why philosophically just not start to layer in some hedges for next year just to protect some of the downside, where it's $2.5 in the curve. Next year, you guys can get plenty of free cash flow at that level. So why not just start layering in at least just an incremental amount?
Dan Dinges: Well, yeah, great question, Josh. And discussion point much our hedge committee. We are and have met recently number of time and not only where we focused on protecting the summer months, which we've done with some hedges. We also had significant discussion about 2021 that our Board meeting yesterday, we talked about the hedge program, what we would like to protect, where we think the market is today and considerable amount of detail. And Jeff Hutton presented the marketing outlook to the Board and talked about where we think the market might go. And so it is a consideration, Josh, we at this stage and looking ahead and what we think the market will do. We're actually very pleased that we're unhedged in 2021. I think that - I think we're going to be able to couch the hedges that we placed in 2021 when we do it as offensive hedges and we're looking forward to do it. We'll continue to take consideration of where the market is currently and also anticipate where we think it might go to layer in hedges. So I understand your position. And again, a lot of discussion around our Board table about what we deliver just even with just a maintenance program with these anticipated prices and strip prices, current strip prices.
Josh Silverstein: Got you. Okay. And maybe just a follow-up to that. How should we try to think about the differential that would occur in the higher Henry Hub price for you guys? This year, your guidance is around $0.30 to $0.35. Do you think that that would hold true as we go up to $2.75 and $3 next year? Obviously, the capacity in the Northeast region has probably loosened up a little bit. So - and any sense as to how differentials can move relative to this year?
Dan Dinges: Yes, always focused on the realizations, and I'll turn this to Jeff and let him make a quick comment. But right now we feel good about where the our dips are in our forecast, which is, you outlined it, $0.35 plus or minus and feel pretty good about where the dips might go from here even with the higher price. But, Jeff, I would like you to make a comment on this.
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes. Josh, this is Jeff Hutton. We're looking at that, of course, daily on the outlook for the ice basis differentials. And quite frankly, we've been very pleased with the differentials seen to fall in line with our expectations and the current basis differentials. I think if anything, if we see a move upward into the $3 area, which we are hopeful for that and you might see a few cents widening on the differential for the total company. But the outlook so far with - at the $2.75 strip is not too far off from the current differentials.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: You've highlighted your low cost structure, strong balance sheet, a healthy cash flow at maintenance levels. I wanted to see if you could touch a little bit on your latest thoughts on consolidation. There's a lot of stressed companies out there that could open up assets, like can come for sale over the next year if they aren't already. Can you give us your latest thoughts on the risk-reward of gaining scale in Appalachia versus diversifying versus none of the above?
Dan Dinges: Yes, the M&A conversation is ongoing. As I've said in the past, Brian, and you're totally aware that we have that conversation at our executive session and our Board at every Board meeting. The market, I think, still needs to consolidate, it's been our position for a long time that consolidation would be healthy. The difficult part - each time we grind on it, the difficult part is the debt levels and the debt load associated with the Appalachia peers. It is a significant debt load. The loss some of the market cap through all of this carnage that we've been going through has such a large percentage debt compared to an equity in these companies. And it just makes a combination, if you will, a difficult analysis, particularly for us. It's - we have what we think is extremely good asset. We are cognizant of the fact of any dilution that might occur with a combination. And if you - if it comes with a debt load that we're not prepared to take. And it comes with acreage that each company has some good acreage, but each company has maybe some acreage that that would not line up in our drilling schedule for 20- plus year. So it's difficult. If there were quality assets that made sense, we would always look at that as we've done for years and years and years and years, but also meeting our expectations on what fit for a valuation for Cabot and its shareholders versus what sellers expectations might be. It's always hard to get it lined up. But I'm not trying to dance around the question, Brian. But I think if I could put down the number one reason why it makes things so difficult, it's the drop quality and debt levels.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you. I totally understand. My follow-up is with regards to the Upper Marcellus.  You provided an update on that on your last call, and I know it hasn't been all that long since then. But wonder if there is any update just on well performance in Upper versus Lower Marcellus?
Dan Dinges: We - as you know, we have only five Upper Marcellus wells scheduled in program this year. I'll let Phil Stalnaker make a quick comment here on the performance of the Upper. But our plan is going to remain as is, that we'll layer in several Upper Marcellus where wells when it fits our operational program on a given pad in the location where we might be able to lay these out. One tidbit of information and then I'll turn it over to Phil, is our programming and looking at the Upper Marcellus and trying to lay out a expansive development program with the Upper Marcellus, again, they're very partially drilled, but looking at it in a way that would allow us to drill extended laterals even compared to our, say, 8,000-plus or minus lateral length today, we'd be looking to develop the Upper Marcellus with longer laterals and that's part of Phil's program. Phil, I'd like for you to make a comment if you would on just kind of what we're seeing in the performance of some of the Upper Marcellus well.
Phillip Stalnaker: Yes, Dan. Again, this Phil Stalnaker. Again, we're pleased that really, really no change from what we laid out there at the end of last year. The wells have been performing as planned, as predicted up to this point. And as Dan said, we are looking out into the future in what is the optimal lateral length with a pretty much a blank slate on the Upper Marcellus and then laying that out to longer laterals and being as economic as possible going forward. So everything is going well.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning and congratulations on the performance in a tough quarter.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey Campbell: You bet. In former tough markets, Cabot has increased its ability to sell its nat gas closer to home. Do your selling dynamics look any different? Is it moving to the better price environment in 2021?
Dan Dinges: Yes, it's a good question, Jeffrey. And I know Jeff Hutton is sitting on the edge of his seat to answer that. Jeff?
Jeffrey Hutton: Okay. Good morning, Jeffrey. Yeah. As we - as you mentioned, we have been successful over the years and moving some of our in-basin supply into better markets to different outlets, particularly with Atlantic Sunrise and getting down to the D.C. area and also up to the - over into New Jersey. With the in-basin demand that we've picked up over the last couple of years with the two power plants and some miscellaneous in-basin customers, we've been able to again exceed the in-basin supplier prices that are typical in that neck of the woods. But as we see better pricing and going out into 2021, and with differentials being very close to what they are in this very poor pricing environment, it's encouraging to see that our in-basin supply is one that receive a much higher realization than historically.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you. My other question is a lot of the optimism for 2021 seems to be based on lower supply from gas and oil activity. What do you think about demand for 2021, particularly in a recovery period from COVID-19? Thanks.
Dan Dinges: Yes. And thanks for the question, Jeffrey. And I'll flip it to Jeff here in a second. But we're looking at certainly the lower supply and feel like the shut-ins, the frac holidays, the associated gas, reduction - the reduction in capital allocation going forward are all constructive to reduce supply. We feel good about the reduction in supply, and it's going to be somewhere probably between 8 Bcf to 10 Bcf a day reduction in supply is kind of conventional wisdom right now. And we've seen prior to this pandemic coming through and with the start of demand loss, we are actually seeing some pretty healthy demand numbers out there. And I'll let Jeff make his comment on the outlook on both.
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes, Jeffrey, as you mentioned, the situation we find ourselves here today as a result of the virus and the local demand destruction that we've seen, is troubling. I will say that the - there are a lot of positive though that need to be considered and another reason the strip is trading the way it is. As we look at the larger macro view, we are seeing industrial demand down anywhere from 1 Bcf to 1.5 Bcf a day. That's no secret. But we've also seen, as we enter the shoulder months, little bit of demand instruction, as you normally would see it with residential, commercial and the power side. But we do expect the shoulder month was to leave us shortly. We expect industrial demand to pick up here during Q2. But on the most positive side, we've just hit a record on exports to Mexico. And then on the LNG side, yes, there has been a few cargos delayed. But as you look back this year, I believe the LNG export averages are very close to capacity, maybe at least in excess of 8 Bcf a day. So the resiliency of LNG and Mexican exports and the fact that we've been in a slump with the economy, but are taking steps to get out of that slump is very encouraging. So I think on the macro view, with the supply decline, price holidays et cetera, that Dan described and a possibility of a 8, 9, 10 Bcf a day reduction in supply year-over-year from this point in time paints a pretty good picture for 2021.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan Dinges: Well, I appreciate everybody calling in today. And I know everybody is trying to get through this slow period. I think it's been wonderful to be able to watch our team execute almost flawlessly through this difficult period. And the efficiency of Cabot is going to continue and we're looking very forward to the period that we have ahead of us. So look forward to the call next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Cimarex Energy XEC 4Q '19 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Vice President of Investor Relations, Karen Acierno. Please go ahead.
Karen Acierno: Thank you, Ian. Good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter and full-year 2019 conference call. An updated presentation was posted to our website yesterday afternoon, and we may reference that presentation on our call today. Just as a reminder, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discussed. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements on our news release and in our 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 for risk factors associated with our business. We plan to power 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 by the end of next week. We will begin our prepared remarks with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden; then Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on operations including production and well costs. CFO, Mark Burford, is here to help answer any questions along with Blake Sirgo, VP of Operation Resources. As always and so that we can accommodate more of your questions during the hour we have allotted for the call, we'd like to ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Feel free to get back in the queue if you like. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Karen. and thank you all for joining us on the call this morning. I will briefly discuss our operational highlights and focus followed by our CEO, Joe Albi, who will provide a more detailed breakdown on the quarterly details. Despite the challenging macro environment, Cimarex had a solid fourth quarter and solid results for the full year 2019. Our oil production came in above the midpoint of our guidance range and was up almost 3% sequentially, led by Permian oil volumes which grew 5% sequentially. Permian oil growth is projected to continue into 2020 with Permian volumes up 14% at midpoint, leading estimated total company oil growth of 9% at the midpoint of our guidance. Capital for 2019 was well below our guidance range. This was driven by significantly lower completion costs in the fourth quarter coupled with the incorporation of changes to frac designs that we tested during the quarter. The result was total capital investment for the year of $1.32 billion including our midstream investment. Guidance was 1.37 to 1.47 including midstream. Commodity prices continue to be a challenging headwind, particularly for natural gas and natural gas liquids. In spite of these headwinds, we were able to generate free cash flow in excess of our dividend and had $95 million in cash at year-end. Our outlook for 2020 and beyond looks quite good. We are using a $50 WTI price and $2.25 NYMEX gas price and our capital planning over the next 3 years. With activity similar to that in 2019, we expect to generate similar results of approximately 10% of growth per year and grow our free cash flow year-over-year. We're quite pleased with the organizational progress we're making on several fronts. Last year, we identified five major pillars upon which we are focusing our organization. Our goals are simple to improve our performance, create enduring value and better position Cimarex for the future. These pillars are; one, better short and long range planning; two, better cost control; three, effective exploration and smart risk taking; four, digital innovation; and five, a reinvigoration of our commitment to be a leader in environmental stewardship. Our organization has made tremendous progress in all these firms. I'd like to walk you through these pillars and the work that's underway. First, let's discuss planning. A new slide deck which is posted on our website shows an updated three-year plan. The plan is based on real locations, real working interest, actual costs and actual well performance. We have the locations, the development schedule and the wherewithal to execute this plan and deliver the indicator results. This is a result of our focus on capital discipline and effective project management. This outlook results in significant free cash generation. I know that many of you're wondering what we will do with this cash. First off, I need to say that we would like to generate the cash before we get too drawn into speculation and what we'll do it. Future commodity pricing is a single biggest variable that drives our multiyear outlook and the amount of free cash that we will generate. That said, we manage the Company for our owners and make long-term decisions with their interests in mind. We intend to increase our dividend over time. Balance sheet health is a top priority. And to that end, we keep a close eye in the financial markets. We do not have any near-term debt maturities. Our next maturity is $750 million due in 2024. When we generate free cash as plan, debt retirement will be a high priority. Share buybacks will be an additional option on the table. We analyze this on ongoing basis and see this as a viable option for our free cash. Now onto costs, costs have decreased significantly driven by a combination of lower service and material costs and value engineering. Our operational team has done an outstanding job of optimizing our field operations. Our reservoir and completion engineers continue to optimize our completions, spending less and getting more. Our facilities group has continued to develop fit for purpose production facilities, implement state of the art automation and safety systems, and deliver them at lower costs. Total lower cost measured by dollars per lateral length decreased 24% from 2018 to 2019. We expect to drive those costs down further in 2020. We had a great fourth quarter with total local cost below $1,000 per foot. This was driven by a combination of value engineering or completions and outstanding field execute execution and reduce cycle time. Exploration, exploration on and off our existing footprint is an ongoing priority for us. One of the most effective ways to generate great returns is to have a low entry cost. Exploration is ultimately about risk and whether it means testing a new concept, testing a new landing zone or experimenting with new technology is a critical part of value creation. We successfully tested some new landing zones in 2019 that will offer significant potential for us in the years ahead. We look forward to further delineation and hope to be discussing them later this year. We are testing some new ideas and modestly leasing on a couple of emerging ideas. We also hope to discuss them in the future. They are not without risk, but smart risk taking is a key to low entry cost. Digital innovation, we're focusing on digital innovation and building tools to provide better real time data to our decision makers. We are redesigning our databases to allow for more effective data management and data delivery. We have a major effort underway to increase field wide automation, which is a critical element of smart production management, effective safety systems, and real time monitoring of our environmental footprint. We have major projects underway on machine learning and are seeing results that are causing us to revisit some long held assumptions. We have field tested these emerging concepts on our 2020 schedule. It's about getting better. Finally, I'd like to make a few comments and our environmental efforts. We like so many of you have followed the climate discussion with great interest and with amazement and how fast the conversation is evolving. Although the rhetoric can be a bit extreme, our industry must demonstrate real commitment to a cleaner future, if we're to be taken seriously in energy policy discussions. The world needs the products that our industry produces. This is obvious that all of us on this call. Demand for our products is on the increase and is expected to continue to increase for decades to come. Underinvestment in our sector will lead to long term bad consequences for our country and for our world, but we should never underestimate our ability to make terrible public policy. In order for our industry to participate in setting energy policy, we need to earn a seat at the table through our actions on reducing emissions. Our organization is rising to the challenge to reduce our emissions, reduce flaring, increase water recycling, increase electrification and further improve our safety right. Our board has approved 2020 corporate goals as set numerical targets to reduce our emissions and the incidence of flaring. Our performance on these goals will directly impact executive team compensation. We willingly embrace this challenge. These five pillars planning, costs, exploration, digital innovation, and emissions reduction are guiding organizations to improve our business and deliver consistent top tier results. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi to discuss her operations in more detail.
Joe Albi: Well, thank you, Tom, and thank you all for joining us on our call today. I'll touch on our fourth quarter and full year production, our Q1 and full year 2020 production guidance, and then I'll follow up with a few comments on LOE and service cost. Looking at Q4 with continued strong execution, we posted another company record during Q4 with our net oil volume coming in at 92,000 barrels per day, beating the midpoint of our guidance by 3,000 barrels per day and putting us up 3% and 15% over our Q3 '19 and Q4 '18 postings respectively. The Permian drove the increase with our Q4 Permian oil volume of 78.4 thousand barrels a day, up 5% over Q3 '19 and 27% over a year ago in Q4 '18. With that, the Permian now accounts for 85% of our total company oil production. Completion timing played a role in our beat, with 12 net wells previously slated for sales in early 2020, coming online and mid to late December which added approximately 1,200 barrels a day the quarter. Our Permian activity also boosted our Q4 net equivalent production, which came in at 293,000 barrels equivalent per day, feeding the top end of our guidance and setting a new record for the Company. As far as capital is concerned for '19 with increase operational efficiencies and lower service costs for full year 2019, total capital came in at $1.315 billion at 7%, below the midpoint of our previously issued guidance, and Tom touched on that to some degree in his discussion. Looking forward into 2020, our forecasted production model reflects our focus on the Permian and it's all predicated on the $50 per barrel WTI and $2.25, Henry Hub pricing that we've just mentioned. Our 2020, total capital guidance is 1.25 to 1.35 billion, which includes 950 million to 1.05 billion for drilling completion activity, 100 million for midstream and saltwater disposal infrastructure, and 200 million for other capital. At the midpoint, we expect our total 2020 capital to be down 1% from 2019. Approximately 90% of our projected drilling and completion capital is targeting Permian, little bit more than this past year and incorporates the operating efficiency and marketing and market cost savings, we've discussed last call, particularly on the completion side. With an emphasis on longer lateral multi-well development projects, we're projecting our Permian all-in 2020 total well cost, dollar per foot metric to come in between $1,025 to $1,125 per foot. That's down approximately 4% and 27% at the midpoint from our 2019 and 2018 averages respectively. I want to mention again that this estimate includes all necessary costs to bring while online of, but strolling, completion, stimulation, facility and flow back costs. Over the year, we expect to bring 90 net wells online, 77 in the Permian, and 13 in the Mid-Continent. Although, we're forecasting that fairly even capital spread during the year, our projected completion activity is skewed slightly to the second half of the year with 60% of our completions forecasted to occur in Q3 and Q4. With our activity, we anticipate increasing our inventory of net wells in progress by 16 to a total of 54 wells in progress at the end of 2020. With our model completion cadence, we're projecting our 2020 oil growth to really begin in Q3 with the resulting 2020 full year net oil guidance range of 91,000 to 97,000 barrels a day. That's up 6% to 13% over 2019 average of 86,000 barrels a day. With limited capital directed to the Mid-Continent, and the strong likelihood of handling rejection during the year. We're projecting at our 2020 net equivalent volumes we're following the range of 270,000 to 286,000 BOEs per day, which puts a midpoint basically in essence flat to 2019. Bottom-line with projected flat equivalent production as compared to 2019, we're projecting our oil volumes to increase 6% to 13%. For Q1, we're projecting our net oil volume to be in the range of 87,500 to 91,500 barrels per day and our net equivalent volume to average 272,000 to 288,000 barrel equivalents per day, both down slightly from Q4 '19, but up significantly from a year ago with our projected Q1 oil and equivalent volumes up 10% to 15%, and 5% to 11% versus Q1 '19, respectively. Jumping to OpEx, we had a great quarter again for our lifting costs in Q4 with a posting of $3.07 per BOE. We were down 10% from Q3 and it put our year-to-date listing cost of $3.34 per BOE, just slightly above the low end of the guidance range we issued last call 3.30 to 3.55 and it represented a drop at 9% from our 2018 average of $3.66 for BOE. Looking forward into '20 with our 2020 Permian focus and our forecasted range for 2020 equivalent production being relatively flat, we're projecting our full year 2020 lifting costs to be in a range of $3.10 to $3.60 per BOE. And lastly, some comments on drilling and completion cost. With the exception of a slight drop in the cost per tubulars, the majority of our drilling and completion cost components have held relatively flat over the last few months. That said, our ops team has done a great job capitalizing on a Q4 service cost reductions, operating efficiencies, and program design cost reductions that we achieved in late Q4 and early Q1, again particularly on the completions side. We're now executing on those total cost estimates the same once that we provided last call with our generic Reeves County 2 mile Wolfcamp A AFE running $9.3 million to $11.8 million, depending on facility design and frac logistics; and our shallower Wolfcamp A wells in Culberson County are running about $500,000 less, with an AFE of $8.8 million to $11.1 million. As we stated before, the efficiency gains that we derive through our multi-well development joint projects, really put our average development project per well cost at the low end of the guidance range as I just gave you. Both of those AFEs that I mentioned reflect costs which are down approximately $700,000 per well from Q4 '19, $1.1 million from early 2019 and down $1.6 million from where we were in Q4 '18. And then the Mid-Continent, our current 2-mile Meramec AFE is running $8.5 million to $10 million, that's down $1 million from late Q4 of last year, $1.5 million from earlier in '19 and $3 million from the cost that we quoted in 2018. We've made tremendous progress in our well costs. And our ops team is fully committed to maintain the progress that we've made to reduce these costs. In addition to working with our service providers to capture further efficiency gains, we stay focused on the operations which ultimately will lower our total costs the lateral foot, that's multi-well pad drilling and batteries, it's water recycling, it's zipper fracking and the optimal use of our midstream and saltwater disposal infrastructure. Our goal is to push our 2020 premium program all-in well cost the low end of the $1,025 to $1,125 per foot range that I just mentioned. In closing, we had another great quarter in Q4. With guidance fees, we set new company records for net oil and equipment production. We close the 2019 books with 27% and 25% year-over-year gain in oil and equivalent production. We're capitalizing on the low development and operating cost structures that we work so hard to achieve. And we're well positioned to execute on the capital activity and production plan that we've laid out for us here in 2020. With that, I'll turn it over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Gabe Daoud of Cowen. Gabe, please proceed.
Gabe Daoud: I was hoping we could start maybe on the free cash flow guide for 20 in the outlook. I guess as gas prices were to stay where they are today alongside, I guess NGL prices also staying relatively stable from here. How much flexibility is built into the program this year in order to allow you guys to cover the dividends? What do you think about potentially deferring that Mid-Con rig or a third crew in the Permian? Just any thoughts about flexibility would be helpful.
Mark Burford: Yes. Gabe, the free cash flow we projected for 2020 in the $50 price deck, we're only assuming out of nickel realization, which doesn't beat a negative price for the second quarter this year for realization and for Permian. If prices there to be more significantly lower than that, we would be evaluating always, as we always do, our capital allocation. We do have flexibility in our plans and we would think about it. I think that premium gas price alone is probably not a factor in which we make major changes.
Tom Jorden: Gabe, this is Tom. Yes, we do have tremendous flexibility and that we don't have services under contract. But Mark's answer is the right one that we've baked in a pretty draconian estimate of differentials.
Gabe Daoud: And then, I guess, just as a follow-up. Could you maybe talk a little bit about the decision to allocate some capital to the Mid-Con in 20? Is there anything different going on there that you guys are doing to perhaps increase returns versus the legacy program?
Tom Jorden: Well, we've always said, we've got some great opportunities in the Mid-Continent and so we decided to advance a couple of projects. One major project is Meramec development that looks just fantastic on all fronts. I mean, it competes, heads up with the Permian on rate of return and in all fronts, it was ready to go. It fits nicely in our capital plan and it does take some of the operational pressure off of our Permian group as well. So, yes, it was a pretty easy decision based on return on capital and capital allocation.
Mark Burford: I would mention also that the reductions that we've seen in our well cost very helped to build momentum to that project.
Gabe Daoud: Just a quick clarification that you're 2020 Permian AFE per foot guide, does that assume the legacy completion or the new value engineer completion that you've tested in the 4Q?
Tom Jorden: Well, it actually has a fairly conservative completion design, but yes, that's the one we're going with. We're not sandbagging. We're doing a lot of experimentation. We're looking at flow back and we're just not quite ready to commit to a lower cost. That said I'm going to tell you, I think we're going to hit that. We're really challenging our group to be innovative to look at cost as a critical component, to make sure that we get the most valuable well, and not necessarily the most productive well. I mean, there are situations where your value increases, if the cost savings can override any production reduction. So, we're seeing a lot of encouragement. But as we go into 2020, I will tell you that our plan, our base completion is probably on the conservative side on expenditure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JP Morgan.
Arun Jayaram: Tom, I was wondering, if you could give us more insights into the three-year plan. In particulars just wondering, what type of rigor went into the analysis? Is this a top down view or more bottoms up involving, call it sticks on the map, identified projects, et cetera?
Tom Jorden: Arun, I think I've mentioned that in my opening remarks. This is very much bottom up. We have -- our focus on planning involves our entire organization from the operations team up the C-Suite. And if there's any lesson that we've learned in the last few years, it's that, you need your operations people intimately involved in crafting the plan because they're the ones that are going to have to execute it. They understand the logistics and difficulties of a complex plan. And so that, the plan that we announced this morning is real, it's fixed on the map. There's a commitment for organization executed. But I'd also want to reiterate the single and most important variable in that plan is our cash flow, which is driven by commodity prices. But given the parameters we outlined, we're going to execute that plan.
Arun Jayaram: And when you made the comment Tom about ratable activity levels, I was just wondering, if you could maybe provide a little bit more color around that kind of comment?
Tom Jorden: That wasn't my word, but Mark, do you want to comment on that?
Mark Burford: Arun, we're talking in terms of ratable activity, certainly in our rig and completion cadence in the rig levels in our capital deployments and certainly also around our frac crew cadence. We are not operating our frac crew cadence and are still in development, all of that being in the plans built out of a ratable consistent basis to be the most operationally efficient. But there is still always an element of our production profile, even as Joe mentioned, issue with some of the production profile still not as it is ratable. That's also reflection of the timing of the completion of the different infill developments. And even with a consistent operational cadence, depending on the timing of the different infill development, you will still see some variability in that production cadence.
Karen Acierno: I'd also add that, we talked about activity versus capital. When we did this, put this plan out a year ago, the locked down capital will be 1.5 billion every year. This year, our capital really more tied around 50 and 225 that we're using to budgets from. And then, we have a goal of basically growing 10% as a minimum. So, there you go. So, we're not tied to a specific level of capital every year. In fact, in 20-year, we're spending a little bit less than '19.
Arun Jayaram: And just my follow up, Tom, I was wondering, if you could provide us maybe a little bit more color on these less than tense attract designs that you've been testing, particularly in the fourth quarter. Can you give us a sense of fewer stages? Or what exactly have you been testing? And perhaps what type of cost savings on $1 per foot basis are you yielding on these new frac designs?
Tom Jorden: Arun, you're going to have to forgive me, if I decline to discuss the specifics of what we're testing. I mean, obviously, there are many variables that go into frac design, there's cluster spacing, there are clusters per stage, there's perforation style, there's pump rate, there's fluid and sand for cluster. There's composition and type of sand and any other additives either diverters or surfactants and many other variables that go into that. Probably, I will just in general tell you that, one of the variables that has the largest impact can be stage length because that tells you how fast you can get on and off the job and that's certainly a significant variable. We did see fairly significant cost reduction in our simulations quarter-over-quarter. We're not committing to that going forward. Joe, do you want to comment on the cost reductions?
Joe Albi: Yes, as I'm hearing you guys talk, it's underneath the hood here. There's so many things that work. It's the cost of the products and then your efficiencies pumping the job. The longer stage length that Tom mentioned, says, hey, I don't need to pump as many stages to that well. So what we've been able to do over the last year, Arun, is pretty remarkable in my opinion. We've cut through our efficiencies alone. We've cut the number of days to frac a 2-mile Wolfcamp well for about 9.9 to 6.5 on the average, and that's the 30%-ish reduction in time while you're charged for that time, right. And so, when we look at the overall reduction on the completion side, I would say the overwhelming elements of that reduction has been our ability to take advantage of the market and our efficiencies to create the cost reductions that we're seeing. These additional design stages are only going to sweeten the pot if they make sense when we go to complete the well, and we see the results that we get. And all in this thing and that's our preferred number, there's so many elements to this. And what I love about it, it's going to focus our and does focus our business units to look where they can grow longer laterals, to look where they can grow multi-well pads where they can add to existing multi-well batteries, where they can recycle, where they can zipper frac. The bottom line is, the whole thing added up is creating these dollars per foot metric that we love challenging the organization with to optimize the overall program.
Tom Jorden: Let me just make one last comment. Our cost is a critical element, but it's not a driving element. The driving element for us is value created. And so, there are a lot of elements that we look at when we look at completion design. Certainly, cost and well productivity are critical elements. But what's also critical element is the impact it may have on well spacing, the impact it may have on well interference, the impact it may have on full section development. We're trying to maximize the value and cost commodity pricing, well productivity, those are outputs from a focus on value and that's the way we do this problem.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betty Jiang of Credit Suisse. Betty, please proceed.
Betty Jiang: I have a question on New Mexico like from what I can tell, Cimarex New Mexico performance has been sourced from the best in the portfolio in 2019. So two parts; first, is it fair to say that you have determined the best optimal development approach in terms of targeting and spacing for that area, I guess specific Lea County. And then second, is there room for New Mexico to be an even greater percentage of capital allocation over three years beyond where you already increased the two for this year?
Tom Jorden: Yes, Betty, certainly, we have not optimized the point where we're satisfied. No, we're never satisfied. We've made a lot of progress, but I will not say that we think we found the secret sauce and the formula will be unchanged. We think we have progress to make in New Mexico throughout our portfolio and we were hyper-focused on that right now. I'm really glad you asked about New Mexico because New Mexico carries into our discussion on costs. Our returns in New Mexico are fantastic, but we also see some shorter laterals in the Mexico, they're not all 2-mile long. And so the way we view costs is we ask our organizations to put the program together that generates the most value and then we look at that program and on that we take a cost target. So, we don't want to discourage them from drilling 1 or 2 or 1.5 mile laterals because the cost of target comes first. And really that whole emphasis and what I just described is driven by New Mexico because we love New Mexico, and we would never want an arbitrary costs target to discourage some of the incredibly profitable activity in the Mexico. We do think we can increase activity in New Mexico your latter question. Now, New Mexico has some unique issues that Texas doesn't. We're generally on state and federal leases. Our permit time can be long. We have environmental constraints with some species protection. You hear us talk about the prairie chicken, the horn muscle and the sand dunes lizard. I mean, these are all things that limit your ability to just turn a crank up at will. New Mexico takes great planning and again, I'm going to come back to that pillar on planning. This organization has made a tremendous amount of progress, but we're very, very high on our New Mexico asset and the potential over the next few years.
Betty Jiang: And then, I also just want to sort of clarify the three year outlook. Maybe I'm reading a bit too much into what you say in a press release, but you've sort of talked about based on this ratable level of activity at the minimum, we could see similar production growth that was increasing free cash flow. I guess just on that minimal standpoint, other look is the confidence level that things could be in line to better that what would show in this slide deck? And then also just when we look at 2021 and 2022, is it fair to assume that those two years have a fairly similar profile instead of in terms of growth and free cash flow?
Tom Jorden: Yes, I'll kick it off and turn it over to Mark. I think we have tremendous upside within that capital plan. We have cost upside. We've execution of side. We've well performer upside. So, I'm incredibly optimistic right now about our ability to just flat out, get better at our business, and that will show up in a better performance with same capital investment. So, Mark, I'm going to let you handle the remainder that.
Mark Burford: Yes, Betty, just to clarify. So, you're concerned about the ratable activity leads to 10% growth, is that leads to your question? What, that what you're trying to understand here?
Betty Jiang: Yes, I'm trying to understand sort of when the free cash flow and the growth shows up over that 3-year timeframe. We know 2020, but what 2021 and 2022 generate, both of them generate similar level of growth and free cash flow in each of those years.
Mark Burford: Yes, Betty, so, yes, the 3 years actually the '21 and '22, of course we don't have disability individually for. Our growth in oil is as strong or started and what I would say that we're experiencing in '19. And on equivalents, we actually see the equivalent portion of our volumes growing more consistently in the '21 and '22 time periods as well. Our capitals fairly consistent around that $1.3 billion and there's a little variability between the years that just again, timing of our projects, but we have 2 things came just the capital hitting to any on the rig schedule. We have built up rig schedules and completion schedules for all these plans. And it's just some variability in those schedules, but we see a growing cash flow each year and actually in 2022. One thing to point out in all of our analysis even on the flat sensitivities, we do use four gas differentials as the basis for our valuation relative to NYMEX. So, in '21 and '22, with some of the improving thesis differentials, we do get that benefit for building into our forecast.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Doug, please proceed.
Doug Leggatt: Tom, I love the pronunciation. I'll go with it. I think the previous question we have actually touched on something I wanted to ask, and it was really on slide 10 and 11 of your book. I just want to make sure I'm reading this correctly. The gas price assumption has been there. I think you just said you're using strip differentials, if I read correctly. Is that right? That wasn't actually my main question, but I just wanted to check out the point we're making.
Tom Jorden: Yes, that's correct. So when we look at the flat NYMEX price to 2.25, we still use its 4 differentials and dedicate that NYMEX price, we use the ratios like, right now the NYMEX price is a little bit lower than 2.25 in '19, but slightly better than that in '20, but we use ratio, the differential stood at NYMEX price come up with the basis price and those flat price cases.
Mark Burford: Doug, that's true of all of our capital planning. We really want to level our capital plan, the actual well received price. So, yes, not that, we're pressuring and getting it right, looking ahead, but we're certainly trying to have the most realistic look.
Doug Leggatt: The real root of my question was and I hate to do this, Tom. You did say that you didn't want to get pressed too much on use of cash because you want to generate the cash first. But let's assume the Street space case is probably around 55 PI. If I'm looking at this chart by Slide 11, this implying about a one, I guess, $1.1 billion of free cash after dividends in 2021 and 2022. Is done the message or am I reading that wrong? Because if I'm not reading it wrong, that's better than a 10% free cash flow yield after dividends. And my question, I guess would be buy your stock in that scenario?
Tom Jorden: Well, I have no good answer for that. As I said in my remarks, a share buybacks is very much something that we discuss. Now, I want to repeat what I said, we're also really trying to manage our balance sheet, and we're carefully looking at the debt markets, and they open and close. And so, retiring debt is also in that list of priorities. Certainly, I list the three things, increasing dividend, debt retirement, and share buyback. And all of those are things that we are deeply interested in.
Doug Leggate: So my second question, that was actually my first question. So, my second question is really more. I want to get back to pricing and inventory and specifically want to touch on the NGL or something you guys are using. And what your economic inventory that's looks like, at the current pace? And I guess my maybe really the big delta here is. What are you -- how confident or comfortable are you with the assumption you're making around the NGLs given there is a lot of new infrastructure and so on, but that's obviously a pretty big factor in determining the economic inventory? I'll leave it there, thanks.
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll just take your last point first. How confident are we on future pricing? Not confident at all and anybody on the call that wants to help us out there, please press your button. Yes, we -- that's why we managed with a healthy balance sheet. That's why we do a lot of downside sensitivity. Every investment we make, we look at it as many different price files. And we always want to make sure, that's a good investment even in our most conservative case. But of all the things I worry about Doug, I will tell you that, as I sit on this call today, the economic inventory is almost off my list. We have seen our inventory increase. I'm looking forward to talking about some of these new landing zones we tested. We have never been more bullish on our economic inventory and I'll just leave it there. It's just not on my worry list and I've spent a lot of time worrying.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Scialla with Stifel. Mike, please proceed.
Mike Scialla: Tom, I want to see if you could give any more detail on, on the things you're doing on automation and machine learning front. And you said, it caused you to revisit some long held assumptions, any color you can add to that comment?
Tom Jorden: Well, only in the most broadest sense because we're not ready to talk about it, but I will tell you that we embarked on a machine learning project that looked at our completion methods. And imagine all the hundreds of decisions that we've made over the last few years and how to complete our wells, each individual decision has been made with an economic plan, but each individual decision has led us down a particular path. And we're very pleased with where we are, but the power of machine learning is it lets us throw in every one of those decisions and goes through millions of simultaneous solutions to try to find what other paths we didn't contemplate, might have been taken to lead to a different answer. And I'm just going to leave it by saying, we have some results that are challenging our conventional wisdom, and we're really, really excited about that. We're very committed to this and will be field testing this week, -- excuse me this year. As far as automation goes, our organization has really emphasized automation and it does so much for us. It gives us the ability to be real-time monitoring our facilities. It gives us the ability to use data analytics to predict, it gives us the ability to see very quickly when we have upset events and we're flaring, so we can very quickly address it. It gives us the ability to have safety shutdown systems. So, if we have any field event or a failure in our system, our system automatically shuts down and we avoid field interruptions. It's -- automation is the way of the future, in fact, many industries are well ahead of us and we're catching up, but we have a great team deploying this. We're really excited by the illumination it offers CR assets in real time and make really good operational decisions.
Mike Scialla: And you said you were not ready really to talk about the new completion design in detail, but just broadly speaking. Is it fair to say that you're looking at a less intense completion? And do you have any data to suggest, how well performance with the new completion stacks up against this your prior completion designs that recognized there's all kinds of different areas and different designs everywhere, but just broadly speaking, want to get your thoughts on that?
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll be broad and sufficiently vague that you will know I'm talking about. I'll say, no. We don't have specific field tests yet although that's just because we haven't gotten to it yet. We will be trying some things on existing wells. But yes broadly, what I would say, in an ideal world, what would you hope for, you'd hope for a completion design that adds more value and significantly less cost, and that's kind of where we're leaning and that's what we're guessing.
Mike Scialla: Fair enough. Thank you.
Tom Jorden: But I just thought. Yes, just let me say, we're always excited about technology. We like to talk about results, but I want to give you a flavor of what we're doing internally. This organization is active alive, and across our platform, we're getting better at the business and this is one area I am particularly excited about. But I get excited a lot of things that don't ultimately work and we really look forward to talking to you about results.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeff Campbell with Tuohy Brothers Investment. Jeff, please proceed.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning. And thanks for all the wealth of guidance over the three year period. And I'll just say, firstly, I'm really excited by this faster than I expected turn of significant free cash out of the operation. It doesn't seem that long ago that you had a different attitude and it's really quite impressive. On Slide 13, I was just wondering, you had the four counties laid out for the Permian. I was just wondering because you identified what the primary zone or zones are that you're going to go after in each one of those areas. Just kind of wondering, if it Wolfcamp B versus A that kind of thing?
Tom Jorden: Well, first off, I want to share your excitement. This organization, it's a tribute to organization through our hallways in the field. We really have a focused organization and are focused around the right things. So, referring to Slide 13, I mean, certainly, our major topics or our major target is upper Wolfcamp. I mean, throughout the four counties, you're going to see upper Wolfcamp B a really important part of that program. Now in Lea County, there's a fair amount of Bone Spring and there's a little bit of Bone Spring everywhere, but I would generally if you -- I had to just really be broad brush. I'd say it's generally dominated by upper Wolfcamp with second being Born Spring.
Jeff Campbell: And looking at Slide 24, it lays out a number of sales agreements that -- for oil and nat gas are described as through 2020, but I also see a lot of long-term agreements identify as well. So just kind of wondering, are these -- when I look at this slide, are these agreements essentially set the tone? Or is there some flexibility be it there beyond 2020?
Joe Albi: This is Joe. These agreements are the ones that we currently have in place. The end game for us on the gas side, the residue takeaway side is, ensure flow -- ensure product flow. So that's the basis for our commitment to Whistler. We're also looking at other projects and ultimately where we're going with this is, is not only to ensure product takeaway out of the base, but it's to give us a little bit more diversification with different end and markets and get a little bit more Gulf Coast exposure. On the oil side, we feel very comfortable that there's enough capacity to get out of the basin. And on NGL side, all of our -- as we've talked about before, all our contracts are tied to processors that do have the pipe out of the basin. So, it's all about ensuring flow and trying to diversify the end market where we can take advantage of each geographic price metric.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Michael, please proceed.
Michael Hall: I guess you've added a couple of quick underline and a lot been addressed. The increase in wells in progress over the course of the year, what's about processing and driving force behind that? I mean, how is that played out over the course of the next -- the rest of the three-year plan? Is that drawn down? Or is that just basically the kind of normal stable operating backlog?
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll kick it off and then turn it over to Joe. I would say that Cimarex has typically not had a big documents or it's real incomplete as well. And, yes, I could talk for next 30 minutes and why that's the case. And we still would love to complete it well and bring it on immediately, but we find that limits are flexibility in the field. And then having a certain number of drilled and uncompleted wells in our inventory is the really nice thing for our field people and our flexibility in operations. If we have some interruption and interruption can mean a lot of things. There might be an offset operator that's drilling a well and we decide, oh my goodness, we don't want to be fracking during that operation. There might be a restriction in our ability to get water. There might be a delay in a land issue. And so, when you're cutting it with no slack, it can really challenge our field people. They behaved valiantly. But having a few and not a lot, but having some inventory of wells that are waiting to be completed, is really pretty good project management.
Joe Albi: Yes, I'll just follow up with that. The benefit is truly flexibility. Our completions guys love the idea. I mentioned the time savings that we're seeing to pump our wells where our frac crews are catching up with our rigs. And if we ever get to the point where they're waiting on the rigs then we got a little bit of an issue. So having those wells available for us at the end of the year is truly beneficial there both the operations logistics aspect of the field. What I like about it too is, they can help us get away from some of these start stop-type production cadences levels that we see it, as in this year where we have a lot larger production growth in the second half of the year versus the first half. We can smooth that out a little bit, if we have some ducks in our head pocket.
Michael Hall: That's helpful and it makes sense. And I guess in the context of that as it played out through the course of '19, we did see quite a few additional wells in the fourth quarter which was adjusted there earlier, but I'm just want to make sure and be clear. Any expected capital associated with those wells that we should be mindful of as you think about the first quarter of this year? Or was that really all accounted for?
Tom Jorden: Yes, Michael, that was that was a kind of for '19. And those well coming off production a matter of weeks early, is more of the production counting of those wells. The capital had been scheduled for those wells in that period. It's always fair timing when we complete activity completion or ended. In our first pod date, we have some rules that we use to target for when the first pod will occur post completion. The capital is scheduled. Timing of the production did come a bit quickly, but this capital already scheduled in '19. And just a further point on the wells waiting on completions or wells in progress, at the end of '19 with those 12 wells, it would have been about 49 wells in progress. But technically, we were kind of remodeling those, would be coming on in the first quarter. We did come on a few quick early that reduced our in-progress at the end of '19. We step forward in the '20, the 54 we described or so, those are pretty stable out in a '21 and '22 year earlier part of your question. And it just comes back as Tom mentioned, we try to have a pretty stable plan and have a ratable frac connectivity relativity rig. So without rig level about 10 rigs in the Permian, 2 frac crews going to 3, that kind of in progress is just kind of a natural outcome of our cadence.
Michael Hall: Okay, that's super helpful. And I guess last to my end would be the Slide 14 is super helpful as it relates to additional granularity on the projects this year in the Permian. It seems like there's also some not included on that. In terms of the activity not included on that slide on a net basis, is that mostly just non-op or how should we think about that? And in earnings particularly our county area where that's concentrated, just trying to think of how it dispersed throughout the Permian footprint?
Karen Acierno: Well, the slide is going to show development. So, there are multi-wells projects that the first response to it who say because the number of wells doesn't total.
Tom Jorden: Yes, when you look at Bone Spring end of the plan, these are the larger well projects. So, these are touching, looking at the slides you got one 2 wells project that carried back, but there is a number of other smaller projects that we have throughout the year that might be 2 to 3 wells type projects that are on that slide.
Karen Acierno: I don't think the Bone Spring is accounted for either, right so, yes.
Michael Hall: Okay, that's just helpful. That's not necessarily non-op or anything along those lines. It's just smaller, smaller projects that didn't make the "development cut".
Tom Jorden: That means when I looked at it and prep for the call, there's like 22 when I'll call projects and there's only 15 on this slide.
Mark Burford: It's certainly a highlight real, we didn't really.
Michael Hall: That's what I thinking. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann of SunTrust. Neal, please proceed.
Neal Dingmann: My first question centers on the capital discipline. I know you talked a bit about this, but I want to make sure I understand. You all were one of the few to slightly sequentially increase the D&C spending this year. Well, with that announcing the higher-than-peer average sequential production growth guidance. So again, while I believe you made the appropriate call, I am just curious as to how you weigh sort of when looking at growth versus just a pure capital discipline?
Tom Jorden: Well, we look at a lot of ways. I mean, first and foremost, we ask ourselves, is this capital well deployed? Now, we absolutely confident that we're creating value with that capital. We're not driven by growth targets for doing my value. But we also looked at the components of our revenues, the components of our cash flow, and we have some great results. We're really firing all cylinders and we saw '20 is an opportunity to step it up on our oil growth. And so, we're really looking to maximize your profitability, maximize our out year your cash flow, and we have the wherewithal to do it. We didn't really spend too much angst looking at our capital level in '19 as a marker, and we didn't have too much angst on whether we were slightly above or slightly below. We think our capital for 2020 is the right number and we're off to the races to execute.
Neal Dingmann: And then, my second question centers on Slide 7, where you lay out your wells by quarter. I'm just wondering you talked a bit about this already too. Could you just give details, if you could in regards to just what working interest are on some of these upcoming wells for the first half of the year? I know there was some kind of chatter on the prior wells about that. I just want to make sure, I'm sort of sure on kind of more cadence what type of wells and run that the working interest of those coming on here shortly?
Karen Acierno: Well, in that wells, Neal, that are coming on, I mean, we could go through the individual projects if you want. Maybe we could do that off-line, I'd be happy to give them to you, but we just don't have it at the fingertips.
Tom Jorden: But the critical point is, those are nat wells. So explicitly, our working interest is 100% on every one of those. Yes, our working interest still is very high.
Mark Burford: When you look closer at it at a high level, first half of the year, we've got 40 gross wells, 29.4 nat, second half 58 gross, 39.2.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Jeanine, please proceed.
Jeanine Wai: My first question is on your three year free cash flow outlook and just following up on some of Betty's questions. You anticipate free cash flow in 2020 and Slide 11 suggests that it compounds from there. So can you discuss the assumptions that are embedded in your bottoms up through your outlook? You're very encouraged on the upside to the business, it sounds like things are going really well. So, any color on trends and well productivity or efficiencies that you're envisioning in that year 2 or 3 would be really helpful?
Mark Burford: Yes, Jeanine, as far as the productivity improvements, we are not taking in additional productivity improvements that we already have captured and the cost structure is consistent. What we're forecasting for this year was not making adjustments to those components of our three year plan. As I touched on, there is some benefit in the outer period with improving gas price differentials. We do definitely see those helping us in those future '21 and '22 periods as you've got some additional pipeline takeaway and improving out in the 4 differentials.
Tom Jorden: Yes, Jeanine, I just want to reinforce on just Mark just said. When we look at plans, we don't bake-in hope. So, they're anchored on actual costs, actual well results, actual cycle time, and anything we can do, that's to the upside and operational improvement of well, productivity, that's all to the upside.
Jeanine Wai: My second question is on inventory additions. And it's just, how are you thinking about the cost that's adding Tier 1 inventory? I know that you said that you don't stay awake at night, thinking about lack of inventory. But specifically, how do you think about the cost of moving current inventory into the Tier 1 bucket true testing and appraisal, which can be costly depending on how it goes versus adding locations? The exploration that you mentioned during your prepared remarks versus I guess lastly, the option is inorganic addition through M&A, given what you're seeing in the market?
Tom Jorden: Well, I think a lot about that and my experience and we just yesterday reviewed our annual look back. And our history of investing, what's worked? What hasn't? What do we want to emphasize? What do we want to correct? So a lot of this is very fresh in my mind. There's no governor in our business that controls our profitability stronger than your entry costs. If we -- you've asked about acquisitions, our acquisitions are great from a top-line, but you're typically buying your discount rate down to a point where, however wonderful the asset, it's a low return project as you had to prepay for your returns in order to acquire that asset. The thing about exploration is you have a proprietary advantage. In the acquisition market, there's very few proprietary advantages. Everybody's got lots of money and everybody's going to be bidding. So being the high bidder in auction isn't our value creation strategy. We want to find proprietary ideas and capture that value for our shareholders and that's a low entry talk. So the way I think about inventory is, we're always trying to find more profitable things. Of course, yes, the easiest is a new landing zone in our existing footprint. There's no incremental land cost. And it just -- it's often a landing zone that can be co-developed with your existing activity. So, that's -- if you ask me what do I hope for? Its people walk into my office and tell me, we have twice the number of targets in the given asset we already control. But we do also explore off our footprint, we look very carefully at our entry costs, both on a per acre basis, but also what percent of our total capital. We really want to have that be a very small and manageable part of our total capital. So, we have our own philosophy there. It's all about value creation and it's all about entry costs.
Operator: Our last question comes from Joe Allman of Baird. Joe, please proceed.
Joe Allman: Tom, is there a strategic shift happening at Cimarex? Or is there a tactical shift happening at Cimarex? And what's driving that? And the reason why I asked is because I'm hearing different language and here I am hearing about the 5 pillars. So that's making me ask that question.
Tom Jorden: The first time we talked publicly about our pillars. I can say everybody in organizations tired of hearing about it because I talked about it constantly and introduce that in the middle of last year. Joe, these are tough times. I mean, although I find myself incredibly optimistic about this company. We have really difficult headwinds and in that you know it better than I do. And so, these pillars are a chance to focus organization on things we can control. You heard me say in past down cycles that we're not shipwreck victims. Cimarex is not an organization that's dead in the water, waiting for the rescue boat. We are going to control our own destiny. We're going to use this climate to reform ourselves and get fundamentally better in our business. That's what these quarterly results are about. That's what our three year outlook is about. And it's absolutely what our pillars are about. Whether it's planning, whether it's cost control, whether it's finding your assets, whether it's using information technology in a way to make ourselves more effective or whether it's responding to this conversation around environmental impact. Cimarex is the Company on the move, we're getting better. And, we're a much better company than we were a year ago. I'm excited to be able to say that publicly and will be a much better company a year from now.
Joe Allman: That's very helpful comment. And my follow-up and last question is, in terms of your natural gas and NGLs and oil, I know that insuring flow is one of the key drivers that you try to guarantee. But what you're doing that from maximize the value? Are there some key things to look for in terms of contracts or agreements so we look forward to have a nice year or two? That will help you beyond just the next three years even longer term.
Tom Jorden: Well, Joe, if you think about the maturity of the Permian, years back, there was hardly any processing infrastructure and not a heck of a lot of pipes that came out of there. So those contracts that we entered into back then were probably a little bit more owners and you get today. So, we're in the process now of either renegotiating those contracts and/or when we renew them, there's a heck of a lot better contract term associated with them. So, it's kind of you build it and they will come kind of thing happening out there and it's creating competition and we're seeing it. We see it on the processing side. We see it on the NGL side. And we've seen it on the oil and the rescue side. We've improved our oil net back dramatically. Right now, we're about 2 hours and 70 some odd cents off of the Midland-Cush differential. That number wasn't that number four or five years ago. So there, I think the market by itself is creating more opportunity for us to get a better net back.
Mark Burford: But Joe, let me just add something to that. Our focus on planning really ties into your question, because, we're in a business where we're highly client business. And so, commitments the long haul pipeline, if your assets are in high decline, that's really a commitment to future capital, because you need to drill new wells to achieve and meet those volume commitments. And so we've always been reluctant to do that because we're in a cyclic business where our cash flow can rise and fall unpredictably. But with our focus on planning, we're getting much, much better at understanding our level of activity around long-term price stand. And we're getting more confident to make commitments that give our marketing group the ability to get those net back Joe was talking about. So, I think you're going to see a different posture out of us going forward, still conservative, still really embracing flexibility, but willing to backstop our increased planning capability with some commitment.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to Cimarex for any closing remarks.
Tom Jorden: Yes, I just want to thank everybody for your energy on the call. We've had some great questions. I really appreciate flushing out there. You focused on the right things. We're very excited about the data we've announced this morning. We're very excited about the plans and we look forward to delivering future results. And thank you again.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-25 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Dinges, Chairman, President, and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Eily [ph], and I appreciate everybody joining us this morning for the third quarter 2019 earnings call. I also have the Cabot management team with me today. I would first like to remind everybody that on this call we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments will reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers, as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, were provided in yesterday's earning release. Cabot's third quarter results solidify our position as the leading natural gas producer in the United States, as we continue to consistently deliver strong financial results even in this challenged natural gas price environment that experienced the lowest quarterly average NYMEX price on record since the second quarter of 2016. Despite these lower NYMEX prices, we were able to successfully execute on our strategic goals by delivering the following improvements relative to the prior year comparable quarter. They are as follows, 16% growth in adjusted earnings per share, over 150% growth in free cash flow, a 21% increase in return of capital to shareholders, an increase on return on capital employed of over 1,400 basis points to 25%, 18% growth in daily production, a 15% reduction in operating expenses per unit including interest expense and G&A to $1.43 per 1,000 cubic foot equivalent, and a reduction in net debt to 0.7 times EBITDAX. Additionally, during the third quarter, we announced the divestiture of our non-core interest in the Meade Pipeline for $256 million, representing an accretive transaction multiple of over 13 times expected 2019 EBITDAX. This transaction remains on track to close during the fourth quarter and will provide additional available funds to further support our continued return of capital to shareholders over the coming quarters. Year-to-date, we have generated $454 million of positive free cash flow, of which we have returned approximately 100% to shareholders through opportunistic share repurchases and dividend, including the repurchase of 10.5 million shares during the third quarter at a weighted average share price of $18.21, reducing our shares outstanding to 407.9 million shares. I'll get that straight. This represents a 12% reduction in shares outstanding since we reactivated our share repurchase program in the second quarter of 2017. We currently have 21 million remaining shares authorized under our share repurchase program or approximately 5% of our current shares outstanding. We also announced an 11% increase in our quarterly cash dividend, the fifth increase in our dividend, since May 2017, which is underpinned by our expectation for continued free cash flow generation even under NYMEX price assumptions materially below the current forward curve. I fully anticipate continuing to be active on our opportunistic share repurchase program, while also evaluating further increases to our dividend which currently delivers a 2.2% yield based on current share price. In yesterday's release we adjusted our 2019 production growth guidance to 17%, which is in the midpoint of our prior range of 16% to 18%. This implies a 25% increase in our production for debt adjusted share highlighting the impact of our ongoing share repurchases and debt reduction which will continue to allow us further accrete our growth per share adjusted over time. We also reaffirmed our 2019 capital budget range, of $800 million to $820 million. For the full-year, we remain on track to deliver between $500 million and $525 million of positive free cash flow, representing a 7% free cash flow yield based on an average NYMEX price assumption of $2.60, which is derived from the average of the actual settlements for the first 10 months of the year and recent strip prices for November and December. At this price assumption we also expect to deliver a return on capital employed of 20% to 22%, and adjusted earnings per share growth of 38% to 42% in 2019. As you will recall, we provided a preliminary 2020 plan on the second quarter earnings call that is expected to deliver full-year production growth of 5% or 7% to 8% or a debt adjusted per share basis based on a preliminary capital budget range of $700 million to $725 million. We continue to believe this moderated growth plan is appropriate strategy for maximizing shareholder value in 2020 given it provides the best combination of free cash flow, return on capital employed, growth in per share metrics assuming a $2.50 or higher NYMEX price. However, subsequent to the second quarter earnings call, the 2020-2021 NYMEX forward curve has continued to decline to levels below the $2.50 NYMEX budget price. As a result, we incorporated a slide in our investor material, back in August that highlighted Cabot's ability to deliver competitive free cash flow in 2020 under a $575 million maintenance capital plan assuming prices continue to remain lower than our original budget price assumption. This maintenance capital plan, which includes non-drilling and completion capital will allow the company to hold fourth quarter 2020 production levels flat to the midpoint of our fourth quarter 2019. Net production guidance range of approximately 2.4 Bcf per day, resulting in 2% to 3% growth in full year production per debt-adjusted share, while still generating excess free cash flow after our newly increased dividend commitments even at a $2 NYMEX price assumption. Both the growth plan and the maintenance plan assume a moderate amount of curtailments during the shoulder season based on expectations of normal pipeline maintenance, higher line pressure and weaker spot market prices. We are currently in the process and be evaluating both scenarios to determine which plan will deliver the most value for our shareholders in 2020, while also positioning the company for continued the value creation in 2021. Ultimately, our outlook on natural gas prices for both 2020 and 2021 will dictate our plan forward, as we mentioned on the second quarter call, there are still numerous variables that will be better understood as we navigate through the winter withdrawal season, including the impacts of weather, they continued reduction and operating activity levels across North America natural gas basins associated gas production growth and continue natural gas demand growth primarily from exports in a 250 or higher natural. NYMEX price regime we believe the growth scenario delivers selling combination of free cash flow returns and per share growth while positioning the company for continued growth in 2021. In a sub 250 NYMEX environment, we believe the maintenance capital scenario allows us to maximize our free cash flow available to opportunistically repurchase more of our outstanding shares and a low price environment, while compromising some growth in a per share metrics, which we believe is prudent if the expectation for natural gas prices remains challenged in 2020 and 2021. As a result, we plan to communicate our final 2020 plan to the market on the fourth quarter call in late February once we have a more refined near and mid-term outlook on the natural gas markets. Either way, both plans are designed to deliver a combination of strong free cash flow generation, high return on capital employed, continued return of capital shareholders, low financial leverage and growth and production and reserves per share while remain optimistic that better days are ahead of us for natural gas prices. We believe our business model is extremely resilient and will continue to deliver compelling financial metrics, even in the lows of the natural gas price cycle that compares favorably not only across the energy sector, but against the broader energy markets as well. And Eily, with that, I'll be more than happy to answer any questions.
Operator: [Operation Instructions] Our first question comes from David Deckelbaum with Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, Dan, and Scott, Matt, everyone, thanks for taking my questions.
Dan Dinges: You bet, David.
David Deckelbaum: Just curious, Dan, as you as you look out and you're weighing all of these factors now for what you're going to spend this next year. You've talked about I guess there's probably lots of different iterations of plans or what you think the NYMEX price is going to be next year. In the past, you've also -- I think been mindful of market share and keeping your place in the pipe, I guess with other people slowing down, are you less concerned about that now? And I guess as you think about the implications for 2021, which you all laid out today in the press release, how do you think about I guess the optimum program for where you're most efficient, so that you know if you're operating in a flattish band of commodities, or a narrow channel between 240 and 260 capital is best optimized and crews are best optimized as opposed to having to change things from year-to year?
Dan Dinges: Yes, David, you're right. There's a lot of variables that we're looking, a lot of sensitivities. What we try to do in laying out the plan, both the maintenance plan and the growth plan, is look at it as kind of book-ins right now with the knowledge we have and some of our early expectations of what we might see in natural gas prices. Book-ins being that we feel like that on a maintenance program we can deliver everything we're delivering today to the shareholders. And we focus on that, and we focus on the financial metrics. We think we can do that in a maintenance program if you had this steady state. And basically we've kind of been in this narrow bandwidth of natural gas prices for an extended period of time as is. So, navigating in between the book-ins maintenance and this growth that we've laid out, we're comfortable in that zone right now and kind of toggling back and froth and in-between that fairway we think is a prudent spot to land. And we'll continue to look at the market and look at the tea leaves and what our best estimate it is for natural gas prices as it rolls forward, but trying to continue to do what we've done in the past, i.e., protect our balance sheet, show a little bit of growth or have return on capital, return of capital both in dividends and share buybacks, we're going to continue doing the same, and I think our history shows that we're prudent in how we're managing that. Our position has been to give back 50% of our free cash flow. When we said today, where we've given back 100%, which illustrates that. As our balance sheet stays strong, the strip price stays in a bandwidth that we're comfortable generating, that we're going to generate free cash flow, we're prepared to go deeper than just the 50%. So we'll know -- have more clarity in February, and we'll get a little bit more precise in February, but we kind of look at what we've laid out here as the booking [ph].
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate the color on that, Dan. And I guess just as a quick follow-up to that. As you go into '20, I guess this maintenance plan or lower plan, we should just think of it as sort of a holistic slowdown in activity, there isn't necessarily a high grading component there, it would just be moving slower through, like HN8 [ph], the general program that you've already laid out?
Dan Dinges: Yes, David, I think that's a fair assumption, yes.
David Deckelbaum: Thank you, guys.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Leo Mariani with KeyBanc.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys. Just a question around sort of fourth quarter production guidance here, certainly noted that you had quite a few well completions in the third quarter. I think the number was 29. And I guess your guidance, you're not expecting much growth, and midpoint basically flat in fourth quarter. Just wanted to get a sense of sort of what the dynamic is there. Are you guys expecting some potential maintenance or downtime in the fourth quarter? Or what can you kind of tell us about that?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we're experiencing maintenance time right now, and we have through most of October. We've incorporated that into our guidance. There's nothing unusual operationally or performance-wise that's affecting that [indiscernible]. We're in a shoulder period, maintenance happens historically as this time. There has been, as an example, on one of the weekends in earlier part of October I know the day rate gas that we had was -- it was a bad weekend, and we curtailed a little bit of gas over a weekend because we didn't like the price. So, it's all normal operations, Leo.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Now, that great color for sure. And I guess just back to your comment around the band between maintenance scenario and the growth scenario, it makes perfect sense. And you guys are basically $2.50 on the growth scenario. And just wanted to get a sense of what do you guys kind of see as the band on that maintenance, is that closer to that $2.00 level where you still generate free cash flow, just trying to kind of put some parameters around the gas price associated with the maintenance CapEx.
Dan Dinges: Yes, we're just kind of giving two plans that would allow us with our price assumptions that would allow us to keep our plan rolling forward, as David mentioned, is it kind of like moving through the plan just at a slower pace, and that's what it is. We really look at the price and where we are in February and we're going to think the in between what we've indicated and that in between is somewhere in between a $575 million maintenance program and a $700 million to $725 million 5% growth program on absolute basis.
Leo Mariani: All right, now, I think that makes a lot of sense. Okay. I guess just on your stock buyback here, obviously you guys have not been shy last couple of quarters, buying back, substantial stock much as that you said you would here. How do you think about the buyback versus dividend increases? Is it as simple as when the price is a lot lower on the stock that you start to favor the buyback more than more robust dividend increases? How do you sort of think about that internally?
Dan Dinges: We have that discussion with the board, and the board is fully in tune. What our strategy is and opportunistically it is our process. We don't have a scripted buyback program. And when you look at the, sum of the volatility that we've seen in the market and mainly as a result of commodity price expectations, then we've been in the market and we bought back some shares. We look at the dividend more long-term, the dividend is continually increasing since we started in '17, increasing dividends. This was the fifth increase we've provided to shareholders. And we're not just jumping out with a big number. We're just kind of moving it forward at 2.2% yield is above for the most part above the class out there, and we're comfortable with that. So we look at it in tandem. And again, just by definition, opportunistically, it's just when we feel like the market is going to allow us to be in the market to buyback.
Leo Mariani: All right, thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Holly Stewart of Scotia Howard Weil.
Holly Stewart: Good morning, gentlemen.
Dan Dinges: Hello, Holly.
Holly Stewart: Dan, maybe just to follow-up on David's question, he talked about the maintenance plan moving at a slower pace in 2022. So should we assume, with that plan versus the original plan, sort of similar rig in crew cadence? Or would this be sort of a duck building inventory? Just trying to kind of put some parameters around it?
Dan Dinges: Yes, Holly. It'll be a little bit of both. We have Phil is sitting here at the table with me. Him and his crew up there in Pittsburgh are in negotiations now for both rigs and frac crews. Those negotiations are as you might suspect, are considering what we're laying out to the public as a maintenance program and a growth program. For the maintenance program, we don't need three full rigs throughout the year and we don't need two full frac crews for the year. So trying to work both in and full respect of our service providers, but also be able to accomplish some optionality for us on rigs and frac crew. Those are the discussions they're having right now and trying to find that good balance between what our needs are and certainly trying to allow the service providers to be as efficient as they possibly can, on delivering what they do to us.
Holly Stewart: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe one for Jeff, just very strong basis during the quarter, versus kind of where midweek all settled out, anything sort of unusual or maybe just to highlight here going forward and then we're in also during the quarter and then as I look at the 2020 assumption that you guys have in the guidance, anything to think through right now, obviously we've got some seasonal weakness but just trying to get a bigger picture view in that?
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes, sure, Holly. You're correct, of course, and the strong basis differential for the year, I think we're coming in line probably close to $0.45 under which is obviously big improvement over 2018 and much better improvement over 2017 and 2016, but our outlook consist of our very comprehensive sales files with the future outlook on our differentials and combine all that with what the subjective piece that we put on it to give the guidance, it does look very favorable. There is in-basin demand continues to inch-up a little bit, the overall demand picture is very good. We did have some hiccups, I guess, on basis in September, and October with typical shorter month, it was an opposite. We've had massive storage injections all year. And then we've had, Cove Point had their maintenance program in September. So we continue to have the fall hiccups on differentials, but the longer-term outlook is very, very positive, and we're happy that all the in-basin project and the takeaway that's been established up there over the last three, four years has finally proven itself to be the answer to our basis issues.
Holly Stewart: Good color, thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Drew Venker with Morgan Stanley.
Drew Venker: Hi, good morning, everybody. I just got a follow-up on the comments about the breakeven prices and protecting company and the returns to downside. Is there a price at which you might allow production to decline? It sounds like from your comments, you already have to get to very low price, and you could still be generating free cash at $2, so, curious if you guys have thought through that scenario?
Dan Dinges: Well, we think of all the scenarios, Drew. But as far as really what our outlook is today again thinking we're going to have more clarity and be better prepared to offer what our 2020 program is going to be in February. We feel like that the bandwidth that we provided on maintenance and growth is a reasonable guidance with our expectations today and if you go prices weigh down to $2 or below. And if it's instantaneous, or it's in any given month, we're not going to have a knee jerk reaction to that. If again we see sustainable prices continue to lead and will react and just and counter to that, if we see that the with the less rigs in the Northeast and less frac crews anticipated in the Northeast, if we see that and that has an enhancement on pricing then we'll react to that, but quite frankly we feel like that the two programs we laid out is probably going to cover what our near-term expectations are.
Drew Venker: That's fair and thanks for the color. I guess everything conversely, if prices are better, I guess really thinking probably from your perspective beyond 2020. You talked about an activity price I believe around mid single digit growth kind of for the next few years. What price would you need to target some higher growth rate or where your CapEx based on returns would drive higher growth in that mid single digit range?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we'd make -- that decision would be made the same way we're making a decision today. Our priority focuses on returning value to shareholders. We recognize that shareholders like to see a return both in dividends and buybacks. So we'll focus on those financial metrics as priority first, growth is in our opinion is secondary, if we can deliver the financial metrics and have a moderate growth program. We think in this macro environment that that is the prudent course of action to take and even with higher prices, I think there is a lot of shareholders out there including a lot of shareholders around this table that would like to see value come back to them, as opposed to just see growth for the sake of growth.
Drew Venker: Okay.
Dan Dinges: We'll just balance that. It's a high class problem, if we get to higher prices, and we do think higher prices are in our future, just not our immediate future.
Drew Venker: Okay, so just to clarify, I'm sure I'm characterizing this correctly. So something like a $2.75 or $3 price, you might increase growth a bit, but probably not substantially?
Dan Dinges: Our guidance right now is what we put out there, and that's the $700 million to $725 million, 2020 capital program.
Drew Venker: Understood, thanks Dan.
Dan Dinges: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Brian.
Brian Singer: Can you give us just the latest update on cycle times, well costs and how they're evolving versus productivity and I realized the year is not over yet, but do you expect that this will lead to lower flat or higher signing in development costs per Mcfe this year in your overall supply costs?
Dan Dinges: Well, cycle times we continue to eke-out cycle times, I know Phil in presentation to the board illustrated a couple of different areas where we're continuing to pick-up  minutes on each connection and looking at AI on the drilling side and Steve Novakowski is looking at all of those nuances that can improve cycle time, Jim Edwards on his logistics on the operations side is also focused on how we save a minute here, minute there and they've done an excellent job, they continue to do those things that will enhance production or cash cost as you see we're down this quarter. So we're entirely comfortable with continuing to try to squeeze what we can in cycle times. I don't know Phil you have like one or two things, one or two things that we pointed to in the board meeting that in the drilling for example, that we're doing.
Phil Stalnaker: Right, and some of the things is looking at the flat time we have and so some of the things we're doing is an offline team meeting where we'll as we run casing and we walk to the next hole, and then go ahead and seem at the casing offline. And that saves us, several hours of time, we're looking at intelligent software packages in all the rigs, like Dan said, looking at connection time, looking at how you're bringing your pumps and weight on bit, again that same this time. And then we've seen more improvements in like bit designs, and we continue to save hours there. So again, all this adds up over time, additional efficiency saving to us.
Brian Singer: And then I guess on the F&D side on the capital costs per proved, when you think about well costs, and then your average EUR this year, do you expect that presence that you would have lower versus flat versus other changes in F&D?
Dan Dinges: Well, I'm going to have a look at that once Steve Lindeman kind of gets the year-end reserve report to us and what our F&D is going to be, I'll be able to answer that much more clearly Brian in February.
Brian Singer: Great, thanks. And then I guess my follow-up is you highlighted and Jeff you highlighted just the strong local demand and on a longer-term basis based on the growth rates that you are currently envisioning for Cabot over the longer-term. Are you looking at underwriting incremental pipeline takeaway? Is that even worthwhile, do you see strong enough local demand to support Cabot's needs?
Dan Dinges: Yes, Brian, this is obviously it's ongoing here. We are still involved day-to-day on looking at new projects, obviously, with the intent of improving realizations and there may be a niche project here and there for us in the future. We're very much looking forward to Leidy South, it is on schedule and of course we have 250,000 of capacity on that project. Whether or not there's another two or three Bcf a day pipeline out of the Northeast and whether or not that's necessary at this point is still being studied. But I think we're positioned very well to take advantage of the opportunities that we've worked long hard for last three or four years, but again, if in-basin demand projects particularly offer better price realizations and keep the gas in basin we will look strongly at that.
Brian Singer: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers.
Jeffrey Campbell: Hi, Dan, and congratulations on the quarter.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Jeffrey Campbell: I just want to ask one question going back to some of the macro stuff that you talked about earlier, you mentioned, looking at reduction in Nat gas activity levels and also deceleration of associated Nat gas production growth. I was just wondering hey is there NAT gas or an oil price range that you think will generate a meaningful pullback and Nat gas activity and do you think this might already be underway?
Dan Dinges: I think it's underway, Jeffery. I think the - when you look at the NAT gas basin you look at the some of the stress and tension in the in the market and to make capital allocation decisions in a way that one protect balance sheet or does not do any further damage to a balance sheet is extremely important in this environment. We've seen some releases recently on where the dead towers are, and how you manage the dead towers. We all had conversations and talk about the re-determinations and the borrowing base coming up, and that's being managed proactively, I think, right now by the industry. But I also think that there's a clear understanding that over allocating capital into a macro environment that is already stretched or saturated in some ways is maybe not as prudent as it should be for financial metrics. We're also saying the ills of prior decisions on foreign transportation commitments that have been made in the marketplace. I think some of the additional drilling that might be taking place today is an effort to just fulfill commitments, and in that particular area. And I think that's influencing a little bit of market, I think that will dissipate with time. I don't think that's a sustainable model, if in fact the natural gas price stays in the range it is. I think it creates issues maybe with the future issues with balance sheets, if that continues. So I do think that you're seeing some reduction in rigs and frac crews, take one frac crew we know it's going to be down at least one frac crew up in the northeast as well. That's probably 1,500 stages on an annual basis, 1500 stages is a lot of gas compared to having that crack crew there, the same with the drilling rigs, the rigs, you might you lose drop one rig, and that's probably going to be plus or minus 200,000 lateral feet, that you're going to be taking out of future gas production that would be available for the market. So, I think you're seeing it and I think you will continue to see that rationalization occur. And the being able to say that reduction, I think is if we can get the sum of the cost of doing business down then I think companies will be more inclined to not have to grow into a growth profile to fulfill their objectives, I like it's going on and I think it's prudent.
Jeffrey Campbell: Great, I appreciate it. That was really good color. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Dan, you and your team there.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Charles.
Charles Meade: I want to go back to something I believe I heard you say in your prepared comments where you said that under the maintenance scenario, you would be buying back more shares? Is that the correct read, and assuming it is, does that reflect just the fact that you'd have more free cash flow in that maintenance scenario, or is there something more there that under that maintenance scenario, you're more shifted to buybacks versus dividends?
Dan Dinges: No, the implication is that we're going to remain opportunistic on buybacks. It's not saying we're going to buyback more, it is connecting the dots, and assuming that under the maintenance program, our assumption is that the commodity strip is going to be less, and that with a reduced commodity strip, we think there could be pressure on the share price, and if in fact there is pressure on the share price, then that would create that opportunity to be in the market again buying back shares.
Charles Meade: Got it, that's helpful, and I appreciate your clarity there. And then second question, hopefully maybe it's just a quick one. From my seat following that -- this is on constitution pipeline, it looks like there're some signs of life there, does it look the same from your point of view and you guys as equity holders, is that something worth talking about?
Dan Dinges: Yes, I'll just let Jeff make a brief update comment.
Jeffrey Hutton: Hello, Charles. You're right. There was a small battle of [indiscernible] ongoing war with New York over compensation. It's the fact that Burke finally agreed and the waiver did occur in New York. D.C. was positive. All that said, I'll just repeat what the partners public outlook is on the project and that is it needs further evaluation, and so, we are taking the next steps to look at the all aspects of the project, the -- further permitting the commercial aspects of the project, and sometime over in the next few months we'll try to get collectively decide on path forward, or -- and again, it's a small win, but there's still a lot of work to be done.
Charles Meade: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan Dinges: Thank you all, and thank you for the good questions. We look forward to seeing you once again, and visit in February of 2020. We have FULL expectations that Cabot is going to continue to deliver as we have in the past. Thank you again.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-06 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Cimarex Energy Call XEC Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference over to Karen Acierno, Vice President and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Acierno: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2019 conference call. An updated presentation was posted to our website yesterday afternoon, and we may reference that presentation on our call today. As a reminder, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements, a number of actions that could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discussed. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements on our news release and in our 10-Q, which was filed yesterday, and of course, our latest 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, for the risk factors associated with our business.  We'll begin today our prepared remarks with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden, and then Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on operations including production and well cost. A replay of expiration, John Lambert and Margaret Ford are here to answer any questions you might have. [Operator Instructions]. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Jorden: Thank you, Karen, and thank you to all that joined us on the call this morning. Cimarex had a good second quarter in a challenging market environment. Our production, both barrel of oil equivalent and oil production, came in above the midpoint of our guidance range. Total oil grew 5% sequentially with Permian oil growing almost 9% sequentially. Oil growth is projected to continue with sequential growth expected for the remainder of 2019 and into 2020. Permian oil growth is expected to offset the declining volumes in the Mid-Continent. We reaffirmed our CapEx the full year while raising our annual guidance by 1000 barrels per day and midpoint. Commodity prices had an impact on our cash flow and earnings this got it. With the price environment we're faced, particularly for natural gas and natural gas liquid, it would have been foolish to expect otherwise. However, in spite of these headwinds, we expect to exit the year without incremental borrowing. Furthermore, we are pleased to be returning cash to shareholders in the form of our dividend, which we intend to grow over time.  We're bringing some outstanding projects online that are delivering excellent fully but in return. As we look ahead, we are completing the transaction to a more consistent operational cadence. Field consistency provides our best opportunity for consistent returns, value creation and cash flow generation. Constant stops and starts lead to field inefficiencies and increased cost. Our organization is focused on free consistency, smooth execution and cost control. We continue to benefit from the tremendous work we have put into understanding resource site development. As we've said in the past, optimum development comes from understanding fourth quarter element: first, understanding the stimulated fractured network, both along the borehole and away from the borehole; second, understanding parent/child interface and reservoir effects; third, understanding proper well spacing; and forth, configuring an optimum project size and design. Cemex has discussed our learnings on each of these 4 key points. There is no one-size-fits-all approach. The optimum answer to each of these 4 issues is a function of the reservoir properties, infrastructure requirement and economic conditions. Through years of testing, we have gained a good and growing understanding of the requirement for profitable development within good capital efficiency. I would, again, referring to slides 24 and 25 in our presentation, which provides a window into our approach on the well spacing issue.  As we've studied development projects in all of our operating areas, we have grown more confident in our ability to design capital-efficient development projects, to observe projects through our operating areas and to predict their outcomes. This has also give us insight to stand out of some non-operated projects. Our results, thus far this year speak for themselves. We wouldn't be making a detailed comments in our productivities in a prepared remarks, I'll give you a quick overview of 2019, of course, we're open to answer any additional questions you may have.  As you know, our 2019 capital is primarily allocated to the definition, with majority going to Upper Wolfcamp did mention Professor, breeze and Lea County. Four of the 5 Culberson developers are online. Three of the 5 Reevs development expected online in 2019 are already producing Andrew Obin, our single development in Reeves County this year is currently flowing back. We have 3 additional that would be on production later this year. Operations underway on several projects that will impact 2020.  We currently have 8 rigs running in the Delaware along with 2 completion crew. Now I'll turn it over to Joe Albi, who will discuss operations in more detail.
Joseph Albi: Thank you, Tom, and thank you all for joining us on our call today. I'll touch on our second quarter production, our Q3 and 2019 full year production guidance, and then I'll finish up with a few comments on LOE and service cost. With the nice jump in our second quarter production, we continue with our strong start to 2019. Our Q2 net equivalent production came in at the company record of 275,000 BOEs per day, right at the top-end of our guidance range of 263,000 to 275,000 BOEs per day. With the mark, our Q2 '19 net equivalent production was up 6% over Q1 '19 and 30% over Q2 '18.  On the oil side, our company record Q2 oil volume of 83.4000 BOEs per day came in early 1,000 barrels per day above our guidance midpoint, and was up 5% and 35% from our Q1 '19 and Q2 '18 postings, respectively. The Permian drove the increase. With our Q2 Permian oil volume of 70.7 [indiscernible] per day, up 45% over the 48.8000 barrels a day we produced in Q2 '18. With the posting, the Permian now accounts for 85% of our total company or production.  As we look forwarded into 2019, we're reiterating our full year 2019 capital guidance and activity levels. We've tightened our full year net equivalent production guidance to 263 to 262 MBOEs pay day, keeping the same midpoint as our previous guidance, and we've raised the midpoint of our full year net or production guidance by 1,000 barrels per day with the range of 83,000 to 87,000 BOEs per day. With Q3, we are projecting net equivalent volumes to average 265 to 279 MBOE per day, with our net oil volumes forecasted average 85,000 to 91,000 barrels per day, up approximately 5.5% from the midpoint -- at midpoint from Q2.  Shifting over to OpEx. With revenue properties now on our books, our Q2 lifting costs came in at $3.51 per BOE. That's just slightly above the midpoint of our guidance of $3.20 to $3.70, and it's down $0.11 per BOE from our 2018 average of $3.62.  With our continued Permian focus, retightening our full year lifting cost guidance within the range of $3.30 to $3.65 per BOE. And lastly, some comments on growing and completion costs. We've seen general market conditions remain relatively flat since our last call on both the ruling and the completion side. That said, with our continued focus on challenging completion design and operating efficiency, we've reduced our completion by 5% to 6% since April, which transition to an attractive total well cost reduction, or reductions in the range of $300,000 to $500,000 for each of our 2-mile lateral wells depending on the program. And our Wolfcamp program, with the tweak in our completion design, we've dropped our 2-mile completion APV by $400,000. As a result, our generic Reeves County, 2-mile Wolfcamp well is running $10 million to $12.5 million, depending on facility design and frac logistics. That's down $400,000 from last call, and down $900,000 from our estimate late last year. Our shallower Wolfcamp A wells in Culberson County are running about $600,000 less than Reeves County Wolfcamp A wells, within AFE of $9.4 million to $11.9 million. I want to point out that with the efficiency gains derived throughout our multiple development drilling projects, our average treatment well -- development project per well costs are funding at the low end of these ranges. And in the Mid-Continent, with refined completion design improved operating efficiencies, we've reduced completion costs in both our Woodford and Meramec programs.  Our current 2-mile Meramec AFEs are running $9.5 million to $11 million. That's down another $500,000 from the last call, down $1 million from late 2018 and down more than $2 million from the cost we quoted in early 2018.  So in closing, our solid second quarter gives us a great springboard into the second half of the year. With 9 net wells previously planned for early Q3 first production coming online during the last 2 weeks of June, we are forecasting a rent ramp in our production in Q3 and Q4, resulting in an increase for our full year oil guide of 1,000 per day at the midpoint as compared to our guidance last call. Our cost structure is healthy. We're projecting similar full year lifting costs guidance to -- as compared to last call, and we've derived significant well cost reductions through efficiency and completion design. We remain very well-positioned to deliver the capital activity and production plan that we laid out for you at the beginning of the year. So that, I'll turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. You're first question was from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Tom, was wondering if you could elaborate on some of your prepared comments when you're talking about your expectations on sequential growth into the second half of the year per your guide and into 2020? And how you're thinking about capital allocation next year just given some of the headwinds we've seen on the NGL and gas side of the equation? Well, yes, Arun. Certainly, 2020 is -- feels a long way right now. I will tell you that we're putting a lot of energy, as I said in my remarks, on just planning our field effectiveness and smoothing out our full cadence. We talked about this in past quarters. We would be ready to go for sequential oil growth. Now that said, we haven't formed our 2020 plans. The commodity headwinds are certainly major factor. We're probably a little more bullish on oil as a contribution on our revenue, and you are not surprised to hear me say that, particularly with the environment we're seeing on gas and energy pricing. So although we haven't formed 2020 plans, I would say that to the extent of allocating capital, we're probably going to want to be emphasizing oil and then, although we'll be prepared for sequential growth, we have informed our 2020 plans and we'll make our decisions when more appropriate. Great. Great. And just follow-up, maybe for Mark, but I was wondering if you can talk through your marketing arrangements of around your Permian crude. I know there's a new of West Texas light benchmark out there. So just wondering if you can give us some thoughts on health as the model you're Permian differentials on a go-forward basis?
Jeffrey Goldberger: Arun, this is Joe. Really, for the most part in Q2, to the extent that the beauty of those or high gravity was an impact on our pricing, we had already seen adjust of that in the -- during the second quarter. The index, as we're seeing it, the WTI of the next compared to May the push is now less than $1. We anticipate we'll have one of the contract fall under the WTL basis here by September. And when we look at the volume representation of that contributor relative to our total Permian oil price, I'm anticipating that, that might have anywhere, based on current strip, in the neighborhood of maybe a 30% to 35% overall hit on our total received oil price. So right now, the -- with basis of less than $1, we're getting a premium to that the beauty and the revised contract that we're looking at September. I don't know if that helps you out?  And just an approximate mix of your primate upward, how much of that would be leveraged and maybe the beauty of posting new corporate versus WTI? That would be helpful.
Joseph Albi: Let's see if I can give you a ballpark here. First made me love the room. I'd say it's probably about 1/3 to a 0.5 in the end. But again, a lot of that pricing is already in place.
Operator: You're next question is from Neil with SunTrust.
Neal Dingmann: Tom, you mentioned about the consistent cadence. I'm just wondering how do you in the John and that I think about balancing that with the optimal size of a Delaware pass going forward?
Thomas Jorden: Well, those are really two related, but independent issues. The optimum size is kind of stands alone from cadence. We look at infrastructure requirements, we look at the amount of water handling at peak, we look at take away capacity, but first and foremost, we looking at the reservoir and what extent is the reservoir forgiving of add-ons and to what extent add-ons does introduce competitions in the parent-child issue. So we look at all of that. I will say this, if all else were equal and resourceful forgiving, we would probably go for smaller projects and then maybe 6 to 8 wells per project rather than these large projects and just for a whole host of region. But let me let John comment on that.
John Lambuth: Well, I think Tom hit the most part the relevant to that. I think most thing that controls are for us is the amount of infrastructure required when you bring on, both on both on the website of the gas side. And what we can to find in many of our areas that, Tom alluded to, is 6 to 8 well at the time is a pretty good cadence but also seems to fit well in terms of the pace of our infrastructure investment. If we were to go much beyond that, then, quite frankly, I think we'd be subject then to potential problems with getting consistent growth because there's a lot of moving parts out there. So right now, whether we looking in Culberson or Reeves or even up New Mexico, typically most of projects that were driven, the building projects or in that 6 to 8 well range right now. A - Thomas Jorden  Yes. But among the many factors we consider, we evaluate the economics of our assets throughout the asset life. So for the project and one of the considerations in determining size is when will we come back to add-on and what impact will that production have efficient development, both the impact of production we'll have on future development and what impact to the future development have 1 that production. And so we -- as you gain an understanding, area by area and reservoir by reservoir, that's important consideration to us. Some reservoirs are very forgiving. You can come back and they will have no impact. Some reservoirs are very unforgiving. It also involves understanding where you frac barriers are within your vertical section. And so, I just say again, it's not a one-size-fits-all. We'd like to make daily decisions around particular project.
Neal Dingmann: Great. Great. And just one follow up. You talked about capital expense specific. How do you arrive at the midpoint of CapEx of the year? It looks like you've already brought on about 60% of the wells and it was about 50% of the CapEx budgets, so if you could address that.
Joseph Albi: Yes. This is Joe. When you look at what we report, and what we're forecasting for CapEx, there's a lot of moving parts. We've got carry over dollars that were incurring '19 or '18 activity. You've got dollars that we're going to spend in '19 at a carry into 2020 activity. We've got infrastructure dollars, we've got soil water dollars and then on top of that, we've got the timing of activity relative to when dollars that ultimately recorded. In June, we completed and brought on line 13.1 net wells, 9.4 of those wells came on during the last two weeks. And as a result of that, we're anticipating that, that carry over is going to blow over in Q3 and then ultimately Crittenton our brains that we've given you guys.
Operator: The next question is from Matthew Portillo with TPH.
Matthew Portillo: I was wondering if you might be able to elaborate a little bit on the completion design optimization and what may be driving some of those costs say that you highlighted at the meaning of the call?
Thomas Jorden: Well I take a stab at that. There's lots of knobs that one has to return on completion design. And certainly, spacing, states facing, cluster, types of cluster design, number of cluster per staged, amount of sand and fluid, pump rate, are your zipper fracking or not, I mean, all of those add up to the speed of efficiency in the field. But first and foremost, we focused on completion effectiveness, and we've done a lot of work on down whole effectiveness. We want to have a balance between cost effectiveness and completion and productivity effectiveness. And so we look at all of that and try to strike the right balance. I think we do an excellent job of it. We're always getting better and always questioning our core assumption, but I'll just finish and then let John comment. First and foremost, you have to understand your dumb reflecting geometry or you can make some really bad assumptions as it flows through the other decision.
Joseph Albi: Really to add on what Tom just said. We have been tweaking a few of our parameters. I'm not going to go into details of those parameters. What is nice to see is, over time, we starting to see the benefits of those weeks. We're starting to see little bit faster cadence with little bit of week. So we're seeing a nice cause-and-effect, and yet, with those minor tweaks, we're not, in any way, degrading the performance of the well. So it's kind of what we've always wanted to do that we like, in some cases, we have a pretty optimal design from a ERU well performance basis, and now we're making the smart weeks just an overall design that leads to a few more efficiencies. The jobs get done a little bit better and lower cost and we're not going to set up as the overall performance of the well. I think we're starting to see more and more with adjournment of the project that we're bringing on.
Thomas Jorden: And I guess I'd add on top of that, that on the design, the fluid times the amount of sand, et cetera, efficiency of execution out in the wilderness paramount. So quicker cleanouts, quicker stages, all that translate itself into an overall more efficient and cost-effective program.
Matthew Portillo: Great. And then a follow-up question around 2020. I know things are still in the works in terms of the planning profits there. But I was wondering if you could comment a bit, I guess, on just given where the strip is at the moment for gas and NGL prices, how you're thinking about capital allocation to the MidCon next year versus kind of how things should come this year in 2019? And then, Tom, I was wondering if you could flush out a little bit more of just some of the country you mentioned at the beginning of the call in terms of the potential for continuing to show sequential order growth quarter in an quarter out as you move into action? May be indications for -- from a high-level perspective kind of year-over-year growth on oil volumes into 2020? And I know things or kind of in the works, but just any incremental current might right there.
Mark Burford: Yes. I think a stab at both those. Although we haven't formed our 2020 plans, I would not anticipate our capital allocation significantly changing. Now We can argue about what significant means. We're in the process, in the Mid-Continent, of find and develop into a new plays and some new concept. We've talked in the past that we really like Anadarko Basin, and we'd like to find some new things there. And so that will probably be our dominant focus in the Anadarko Basin, which will really to a capital allocation that will, again, be disproportionately in favor of the Delaware Basin. And then in terms of the comments I made that you've asked me to follow up on, on sequential growth. I would say that as we look at into 2020, we certainly have the capacity for a meaningful oil growth and delivering that in a sequential fashion. But we have formed our 2020 plans. And there's going to be some soul-searching on what the macro environment is and what we've got to do with our capital. But we put a lot of work in the field efficiencies, we put a lot of work into organizational effectiveness and planning and we certainly have made tremendous progress, as we discussed in the past, on smoothing out a field operations and being able to deliver consistent quarterly execution. And we have that capacity, we have that ability, but we haven't yet formed the specifics of our 2020 plan.
Operator: You're next question is from Doug Leggett with Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate: Tom, no question that your execution excellence continues to do the -- exactly what you kind of over the years, focus on returns, focus on capital disciplines and so on. My question, I guess, is really more of a high-level philosophical question as to how do you position Cimarex today to compete with the broader market? Because clearly, what's happening in energy is putting pressure if. It does relate to investor appetite for exposure to the space. So what is the right growth great? How do you compete with the broad industrial sector? And how we think about potentially repositioning the company in this somewhat challenging time we're in right now?
Thomas Jorden: Well, those are great question, Doug. I think all of us have to ask question is what is the proper growth rate if at all? We sent you have the capacity to go but I think that we are asking for no other questions what's the growth rate that, we think, is appropriate? What amount of free cash can we and should be generated? And then what do you want to do with the free cash? I mean those are the similar questions right now. We are being challenged to behave like good man factors, and I'd say, at Cimarex, we accept that challenge. We've had to do a little bit of internal work that we talked about in terms of getting our field cadence more predictable, but than once we have that work done, which I believe we do, now it's beholding upon us to get to work and deliver consistent returns and there were those returns to shareholders. I'll say this, I think that, if we can open the word and let people look inside at some of the capital projects that we're executing, I think we would stand out for prudent investment decisions and generating returns that are showing us that the effort we've put into development learnings are paying off. But these are all good questions, we're wrestling with that. I think you'll see our 2020 plans reflecting that wrestling, and we accept the challenge. And, Mark, do you want to comment on that?
Mark Burford: Yes, Tom. That's definitely the items that we contemplate. And Doug, as we discussed in the past and future conference, the competitiveness of European countries text of up against industries and make it more attractive for the broader markets and generate free cash flow and some committed growth from, returning it to shareholders through different other measures, making our EMP business and our attractive and that something Cimarex will definitely focus on. We've focused on return on investment, making sure we're getting full cyclic returns and taking the next step how we can further make our stock and our demonstrate should that return to shareholders. 
Thomas Jorden: You know, I'm going to finish, Doug, by saying philosophical, I'm going to take you up on that. We're all very short-term and in our thinking. And we subject to it, markets are subject to it, we always that current conditions are the new normal and will be permanent condition. We're in a cyclic business. We've seen lots of cycles, and so we remain focused on the long-term, on developing and executing a business that's sustainable, that can withstand the cycles and commodity. We remain cognizant of the fact that 1 or 2 world events could change this conversation materially. We're confident that the world needs the products we produce for decades to come. And finally, the things we're being asked to do, show capital discipline, show that we can grow modestly and free cash flow, demonstrate to the extent markets that we're prudence stewards of capital and making investments that are efficient and effective. Those are good things to do regardless of changes in the macro environment. So we're going to get after, and we're going to the mission that we can adapt. But we're also want to remind ourselves that we're in the business for the long-term, and the things we see and feel today may not be around forever. That's certainly been our experience. So we're here for the long haul.
Douglas Leggate: I appreciate you answering the question, Tom. you're certainly right in answering the question I agree with you on that. If I may, just a quick operation follow up. There's a lot of moving parts on infrastructure, obviously, going on in the second half of the year, going into 2020. So I just wondered if you can kind of sum up the prognosis for you guys as it reached to gas and NGL with prognosis, if you like, for how you see your differentials evolving? I realized there was some funny on your gas realizations this quarter, but any help from 20 see that moving into the next year and I'll leave it there.
Thomas Jorden: Doug, looking at the -- starting at the second half of '19, looking at Waha and the gas price index, we're looking at index, we're looking around [indiscernible] Q3 going into $1.50 in the future serve, for Q4. They're averaging little bit over $1.20 or so for the second half of the year. So we see that improving into the second half of the year with Gulf Coast Express coming on. Future spark is reflecting that, and we expect our second half naturalization to improve. And then you mentioned some of the reported realized price relative to accounting ASC 606, which has an processing costs against it, which, in Q2, there was $0.40 in Mcf, a processing and translation cost against the realized price that will continue. Sino in order to model the full price and to corporate the differential for 66 a surprise, so we get the amount for the impact in the press release and payable.
Douglas Leggate: There's a transfer of said, though, on that?
Mark Burford: That's right, Doug. There's a transfer of said. That's exactly right. I mean going into 2020, we see a forward curve that oscillates a fair amount into 2020. Our first year, our first orders hires $1.70, going to $0.80 in the second, but either premium prices or going to $1.30 to $1.40, similar type improvements or realization compared to what we've seen in the second quarter this year.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Couple of follow-ups that I wanted to ask earlier. First come on the midterm. You talked about concepts that you'd be working on that you are working on. Can you just talk to where those stand? And what you would need to see to allocate more capital there in 2020?
Thomas Jorden: Well, I don't want to comment on any particular place or the evolution of them. We talk about it and what we have resulted talk about in the second one is easy. When we need to see a material returns that compete with the Delaware Basin. Certainly, a lot of what we have in the Mid-Continent today can be, they capital allocating as it Mid-Continent because it heads up what you seeing with Delaware. But the robust inventory there is not the same. we have a deep inventory of those things from the Delaware that compete for talk to the capital that we do in an adorable. And so what would need to see his deep inventory and some great returns of new and emerging plays.
Brian Singer: And would you allocate rigs back on a normal -- just among the base legacy place relative to current levels?
Thomas Jorden: Brian, I would send rigs to the moon if you would make good profits doing so. we're here to make money and we -- that's our only bias to make money and be able to make money through the commodity cycle. So absolutely, we would relocate capital if he thought it was in the best interest of our shareholders.
Brian Singer: And then my follow-up is, you've touched on this a bit earlier, but maybe it's part of your soul searching process for 2020. It sounds like you're trying to find that precise optimal point of growth [indiscernible] a corporate level doesn't free cash flow, but any of calculus with exhibit and particularly importance of free cash flow as you think about that 2020 plan versus asset or corporate-level returns?
Thomas Jorden: Well, yes, I do know that we're doing a deeper, broader sole searching than anybody else. I think we're all asking the question of clearly growing a maximum capacity is not what -- we're not getting market signals, but that's what people want, and we're listening long and clear. We also deeply cognizant of the fundamentals demand and that we certainly have some market bottleneck. So we're -- I'll say this, many of us -- through the industry, not just talking by some expert many of this group in a world where we grew the national rate we could sustain. And clearly today, that's not what we need to do. And so it's a tension between our do you want to read all? And if so, doing and making a decision, if you throw up -- your growth back, you may generate free cash flow and then what you do with it. I mean I'm just repeating myself, but I think anybody in the EMP sector that's paying attention is asking the same question. And we'll all have different answers based on our portfolio, our balance sheet and our assets.
Operator: You're next question is from next [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: My question is long going on capital allocation. I think it was a year ago on your call. Discussions a lot of discussion about whether the company would initiate a buy back. And I think I recall it, you look into it, talked to the board and at that point in time, you guys decide not to do one. Fast-forward today, this talking about half of it was than [indiscernible] all prices are down little bit, but I'm just wondering, especially as you alluded to, what would you do with the free cash flow if you went into a no-growth state? Why does no discussion currently, at least to us, about a buyback? The stock is down tremendously, the NAV, by anybody's measure, is much higher than the current stock price. With liquidity and a stock trading where it is, can you give us an update on your talk as to what management is thinking?
Thomas Jorden: Well, certainly, your points are well taken and the argument for buyback is more persuasive today than it was a year ago or 2 years ago. But we will announce any decisions that we make once we make them. I mean we always looking at it and it's a question of how much free cash do you have, and is that where do you want to deploy it. We really not a team that likes to get drawn into spec condition. You made good and acknowledge them and we certainly think that our share price is at the point where an analysis of that in the past is outdated. Mark, do you want to follow on that?
Mark Burford: Yes. I think that's containing evaluating. I think it's buyback in an itself looking at the relation to stock relative to the investment is something we've always taken into account. And right now, with the stock price, which is, and so we have to continue to be validated. And I think it's if you had free cash flow at this point, we're still kind of neutral at this point. But as you look forward into our experience, we expect to free cash flow. And I think we're going to be looking at that time between what we think the stock relation is this compared to the other investments. And this would be the point in time. If we had free cash flow right now, and cash in the balance sheet, we definitely, I think, realizing that.
Unidentified Analyst: I just leave it with, I think, pretty strong on investors that the company recognizes the value of it's own stock especially given the long reserve that we have and the significant discount you have on the valuation.
Thomas Jorden: We agree with that and appreciate your comment.
Operator: The next question is from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: My first question is on efficiency. So far this year, you completed more wells and anticipated due to better efficiencies. Can you quantify some of these deficiencies in terms of drilling or completion days? And commented on how sustainable you think you guys or going forward? I know you discussed in your prepared remarks the end result, which is your cost, but just looking for a little bit more detail?
Mark Burford: Yes, Janine. The efficiencies that we really, that are, I guess, are evident in the arrests that show up as a night in Q2 versus Q3, they are really about 2 to 3 weeks' worth of benefit that we saw from an were able to turn on, turn both online and start to see first production. So when we put our models together, we, obviously, using charts, et cetera, trying to line up everything including relapse and what have you, we've just seen, over the last quarter, just some very good efficiencies out in the field without any hiccups. We've also seen these wells ready for production when we were done drilling our plugs with facilities and mines and they started cutting hydrocarbon earlier than we had forecasted that is well. So we built a little bit of cushion into our forward-looking guidance and those restaurants beat it.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. And then my follow-up call is kind of following up on the couple of the other questions. Regarding those 10 extra net wells that we did in plan, can you talk about the process of eliminating those 12 wells in the back half of the year? It sounds like to make up for it in the schedule. Can you discuss the process for that in terms of maintaining the operational consistency that you talked about? It sounds like the quarterly timing shift might not be that big of a deal because of hardly in the extra well were. And the way we see it, you've got it. Lot of debts at the end of the year for of snidely heading into 2020, if you choose. And then maybe in an popular question, but is there a scenario where you would just considered to keep going and pulling forward some of the 2020 wells into the because it's the best thing to do operationally. So perhaps short-term paying for medium-term benefit. And we mentioned him asserting that you can adapt to the current environment, but also that the market is a bit short-term focus right now.
Thomas Jorden: Well, when you dissect a plan, what we really thought, just some small accelerations of wells coming online from Q3 into Q2, and I've talked weeks on that, not like way a month in advance. And some of the Q4 wells getting pulled earlier in the Q4 and/or even maybe the tail end of Q3. The end result as far, as this year is concerned, we're pretty darn right on top of what we thought we might do from a technical standpoint. And looking at about the same amount of decks at the end of the year. And then as far as trying to do anything in acceleration for over '20 and '19, we're going to be very, very cognizant of our capital and how much money we're spending in '19.
Operator: The next question is from Mike's Kaplowitz Chief Financial Officer.
Michael Scialla: Just wondering now that you've transfer agreement for natural gas, if you revisited your thoughts on transfer for oil at all?
Thomas Jorden: Yes, we actually have. We've been looking at and have entered into an agreement for take way to the Gulf Coast out of the Mid-Continent, which also gives us an off-road into a from the Permian. And about 10,000 barrels a day commitment, expandable up to 20,000 and it begins at first quarter of 2021. So it's going to give us the ability to get up to the Gulf Coast, Houston ship Channel with our oil and thinking that oil either out of the Mid-Continent or the West Texas area. When you look at the speck of what we're doing, it's not only on oil side. We've particular long-term arrangement for May kind of gas question year. And then in the Permian, we've gone ahead and got some fair amount of West Texas into Waha and then, with us getting into the reserve project, add up to 125 million a day. We're looking at all the means to get out of the basin that we can, and at the same time, we've locked up all of our gas sales for all of our residue gas through majority of the 2020. And it's really insurance flow and trying to get to the better markets.
Michael Scialla: You think you're done in that regard at this point? Or is that more so to go there?
Mark Burford: Do not really speaking. So we've taken some steps above and beyond where we've been, and we're going to continue to take additional steps going forward.
Michael Scialla: Good. Okay. And just wanted us ask, from an operational standpoint, last quarter, you talked about -- and you mentioned in the slide deck, the Sir Barton and have Brokers Tip pads. Just wondering what the end result was there? I now you were testing X and Y Sands and some spacing. What did you learn there?
Thomas Jorden: Yes. Both of those pads, Sir Barton Brokers Tip, those were 7 wells each that we brought on. They were indeed testing as part of the development, different landing zones with some of them being pushed up into what we call the Y sand instead over our regular in landing zone. Both projects are very economic for us. We're very pleased with them, but there's been some important learnings. We're definitely seeing that if we can get those landings further up and get a little bit more vertical separation with the lower tier landings, we definitely like the results of those wells versus when they're a little bit more crowded on a vertical basis. And so that's something we're incorporating, in fact, have incorporated into the next open project on the west side of commerce, which is carryback. Also, I'd just say, from a cost standpoint, and you alluded to this, we're very pleased, especially in the Western side of Culberson that what we're seeing so far on a cost basis and have adjusted this is specifically just these two projects, but so far, we're seeing about $1,000 per foot cost on that development project combined for both of those, which is a very, very good number and something that we expect going forward, especially in the personal side, where it's a little bit shallower, a little bit lower pressure and thus, much quicker drilling for us.
Operator: The next question is from Jeffrey Campbell with 3 Brothers Investment.
Jeffrey Campbell: I'll my question to one of the two-part. We've been talking some about that the new place that we're trying to stay down in the MidCon. And first question I want to ask us, can any of these efforts take place on existing acreage? And the second one is, if there is some success here, would this increase any provision for M&A? Or is this going to be an entirely organic effort?
Thomas Jorden: Well, certainly, yes. We have a very large increase footprint in Anadarko, and I have high executions that are among the footprint, yes, there will be opportunities of other landings zones other intervals that might lead to a much better returns to them say, why were originally listed, which was. A lot of acreage us acquire and drilled at time where natural gas prices were much higher, so that essentially establish that footprint for us. And as you said in the past, all that acreage is held by production. So we had the luxury of digging in, understanding the overall column and then, as Tom alluded, looking for those intervals or clearly have the kind of hydrocarbon mix, which, in this case, means oil that the right time of drilling complete cost would be to returns that could be competitive with our Permian program. As far as could this lead to M&A? I don't know. I mean, obviously, that's an option but first and foremost, we have to herself be convinced that: a, we have found a zone that for capital on ongoing basis, which means there must be cited, it must be sustainable. And in that scenario, then, yes, I think we would then see what other opportunities might be out there that could complement that, that's above and beyond our existing acreage footprint.
Jeffrey Campbell: Appreciate the color, and we will see you in New York on Thursday.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
Michael Hall: I just wanted to talk about capital a little bit. If you look at your year-to-date oil volumes and then into third quarter guide, kind of indicate the fourth quarter oil midpoint around 89 MBOE per day, which was basically flat to maybe relative to 4Q '18 pro forma for the Resolute deal. Is that a fair way to think about? Then if we look at the 2019 capital, is it fair to think about 2019 capital is basically kind of a maintenance level for your oil volumes at this point? Or it's kind of transfer of factors that may suggest that the inappropriate way of looking at that capital efficiency at this point?
Thomas Jorden: Yes, Michael, there's a lot of ways to look at capital efficiency. And if you look at the capital that the pro forma capital along with pro forma both ramping significantly to the fourth quarter, both had a very high exit rate in the fourth quarter accomplishes that year. That definitely has a overpay is how we look to lose the fourth quarter to fourth quarter rates. And the maintenance capital with Resolute and some I'm trying to maintain a flat fourth quarter fourth quarter. I guess, we're -- our capital on a pro forma basis is down year-over-year as abundance of capital and cash into 2019. So I guess, going to argue that with adjustments in a capital, by holding our capital -- our production roughly flat, I would see on that. Yes. I just want to remind you that Resolute was on a pretty massive outspend and as we pulled with an asset and we certainly face the commodity environment a number of certain we anticipated, we made the decision to bring the combined entity forward within cash flow. But I also want to say, we're very, very pleased with those assets. And we haven't talked a lot about operational detail in this call but I would share with you that, we are currently flowing back at Sandlot project, which was essentially an extension of a development project that Resolute had been 2 phases. On our extension, we incorporated some of the earnings that we brought, and as we flow some of those wells back, we have performance our revenue wells that had been the average of the project on the pain. We're seeing high oil recovery, but their plans and so we really like those assets and we sing fruits of all the reasons why we wanted them in our hand.
Michael Hall: Okay. And I guess there is a follow-up. As you think about the completion count, at the end of the year, relative to expectations around exit, recounting 2 counts, how does that look relative to normal? And what sort of timeframe -- if that's above normal, what sort of timeframe would you suggest is to think about that normalizing back down? Just trying to think more predictable efficiency.
Joseph Albi: I'm not certain what you're alluding to. Are you talking about the number of, let's say, frac plays that we're running right now, versus beginning of the year?
Michael Hall: No. Just wanted a completion count that you provided for year-end 2019. If you look at that relative to expectations of rig and completion crew's at the end of the year, how does that compare to normal? And should we...?
Mark Burford: A normal level, but we have gone from two factors to two, there's some bearing on that. At the year-end '18, we had 20 or network that we kind of waiting on first production. That has increased and, obviously, 42 [indiscernible] waiting production at the end of '19. But it is up a little bit but it is sufficiently from 3 crews to 2 crews. As we going to '20, and we expect that back to 3. And it's one of our bigger timing of the projects we're developing and the size of the different projects. That's the biggest book offering.
Thomas Jorden: I think those nine net wells kind of slipped a couple of weeks in Q2 are really playing a role in how I guess we are being perceived out there. But last quarter's guidance, for the rest of the year, we're projecting 34 net wells for the last half of the year, and right now, we're now at 27. So all this happened is a few wells slid into Q2 right at the very end of Q2.
Michael Hall: Okay. And I just think about I was trying to think about what 2020 -- potential tailwinds 2020 capital efficiency from that backlog reflected on completion wells. It doesn't really sound like that's particularly out of normal, particularly if you're going to begin up the completion crew up there?
Thomas Jorden: No. Indeed, The docs are virtually about the same effect a little bit more on a going forward. So again, it's just a some slight moving of a couple net wells is all that's really going on.
Operator: The next question is from Mark with Seaport Global.
Michael Kelly: I'm a big fan of the Slide 13, which highlights year or productivity, Culberson relative to other counties in Delaware. With this in mind, I was hoping to have you guys may be, what we can expect at the Reeves County acreage in terms of our productivity, and ultimately, the returns versus kind of [indiscernible] Culberson acreage, acknowledging that range is a massive to and figures hopefully would be more sweet spot. But just wanted to get your thoughts there.
Mark Burford: We're not yes. When you look at the site and I'm a big fan of the upside as well, that it certainly highlights, in a very significant rate, the performance of Culberson, which basically, when you see Culberson, that's Cimarex. I mean that's pretty much comprised those well. Whereas what we've done is of course going to the state that the end amalgamated or the 2-mile lateral from all the operators into making that craft. And without a doubt, as you said, Reeves is a very big county. And as you can see, on that particular graph, Reeves tends to fall after 18 months to lower end. I can tell you that we've looked at that graph separately just with Cimarex wells, and yes, we definitely separate themselves from with that background trend shows. And yes, we feel very good that the acreage that we have and have recently acquired through Resolute is some of the rhetoric, which in Reeves County that does need to better commutative production and what you see is the average there for the entire county.
Matthew Portillo: And can't help to notice you got this next line of said in the water infrastructure. And just wanted to get your men high-level thoughts on what you think is a good value then we could potentially peg in that event system? And if there's any kind of updated thoughts on your desire to monetize that?
Thomas Jorden: Well, value is [indiscernible] water is becoming a bigger and bigger part of the Permian Basin business. We're always obsessing that, and I've talked in the past, and I'll say again, that there may, indeed be a point in time, we're monetizing some of our midstream assets make sense to us. Right now, I'd say the value we get out of it is the operating cost, access to water for recycling and a really good environmental footprint with the way we've designed the water infrastructure. With these monetization needs, it ultimately becomes a tradeoff of CapEx of OpEx. I mean certainly, we're invested capital in that system. If you were to select, if you would have a higher operating cost through a fee structure. But we keep that analysis Evergreen, we look at it as a business and there may, indeed, be an appropriate time where we'll decide to monetize it. But right now, the biggest benefit for -- from us, is operational efficiency, low operating cost and it's really helping us also have capital savings in water recycling. So it's a great asset. Our team has really done a accretive job in building it. It's something we're very proud of, both from just an operating efficiency, but from an informative footprint. And monetizing it is not off the table, but I'll just say this, we look at it constantly and when we think it makes sense, we'll move forward.
Mark Burford: To elaborate a little bit further to Tom's point, just the recycling alone is potentially saving is anywhere from $350,000 to $550,000 per well from an development cost and point. So many months rather by the number of wells, potentially, the Culberson, we're talking a fair amount of capital reduction by virtue of owning it.
Operator: The last question is from blanker with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: You're thoughts about shifting to be consistent activity pace and can you just talk about kind of what that looks like? And where the right level of activities assuming that the cashless fully funded rig count or fax parents. Some more high-level way to qualify that measure?
Thomas Jorden: Well, yes. We're currently running rings in the Permian, and I think that's a reasonable cadence as much forward. Of course, this also involves what we decided to do in 2020. I'd say that the biggest decision we make is how many frac to deploy, and that's often the particular project that we have and can we keep 3 frac crews continuously deployed and be efficient in doing that. Well what we don't want to do is bring a third when and release the third 2, bring the third row in and release the third crew. One of the things that again, we talked about this on prior calls, we are in an area where 2/3 or more of our well cost is on the completion of facility site and that means that as we plan our field events that the drilling rig itself no longer needs the demand and control total project timing. So we're looking at smoothing out that completion facilities capital to bring things on in a more consistent pace, distribute the fieldwork so it's not peak demand slowdown, peak demand slowdown. And we're learning a lot and how to manage these projects. We're getting a lot better, and I'm not particularly answering your question on what the right activity level is. It will really be a function of what we decide to do as we look into 2020. But I'll say, our organization has gotten tremendously better at just project management and understanding how to eliminate these peaks and valleys in activity.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for that color, tom. I guess 1 follow-up on that. You guys have made a lot of progress on reducing well cost. Is there much room for additional more cost reductions? And how would that more consistent activity cadenced will play into that?
Thomas Jorden: I would answer that, that will always looking for will cost reduction. So the 5% to 6% reduction that we saw in completion costs just from April really were due to the focus of design and operational efficiencies. And we're looking at a plethora of data that we've been able to obtain over the years that we've been completing these wells and trying to optimize these ingredients to the frac and see the potential to continue to find ways to reduce our well cost. So don't want to possible because I don't know that it is what I do know that this is out there that since we can give more efficient and we can potentially produce our net asset value well maybe that may not have as happy great, but certainly, from a capital investments standpoint, providing better economic. So we're looking at everything.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tom Jorden for any closing remarks.
Thomas Jorden: Yes. In closing, I just want to thank everybody for the good questions. We had a good got it. We looking forward to continuing to deliver excellent results and look forward to talking to you next got it. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-26 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, todays event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Dinges, Chairman, CEO and President. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Rocco, and good morning to all. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's first quarter 2019 earnings call. With me are several members of the executive team. I would first like to remind everyone that on this morning's call we will make forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Additionally, some of our comments would reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in this morning's earnings release. Cabot shareholders have enjoyed a solid start to 2019. During the first quarter, we delivered record levels of operating cash flow, free cash flow, adjusted net income and production underpinned by the continued success from our operations in the Marcellus and our unwavering commitment to disciplined capital allocation and cost control. The first quarter net income was $263 million or $0.62 per share and adjusted net income, excluding selected items was $308 million or $0.73 per share. This represents a 161% increase in adjusted earnings per share relative to the prior-year comparable quarter. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $308 million, which was approximately 3.5x the amount from the prior-year comparable quarter and greater than our free cash flow generated for the full-year in 2018. For the trailing 12 months, we generated a return on average capital employed of 20.4% compared to 8.3% for the trailing 12 months as of the end of the prior comparable quarter, representing an increase of over 1,200 basis points. This ROCE of over 20% exceeds the current ROCE for the S&P 500, highlighting Cabot's competitive positioning relative to the broader equity markets. Our success for the quarter was driven by higher production levels, improved realized prices and lower operating expenses. Production for the quarter of 2.28 billion cubic foot per day was above the high end of our guidance range and represented an increase of 21% relative to the prior-year comparable quarter. Natural gas price realizations were $3.35 per Mcf, an increase of 37% when compared to the first quarter of 2018. Our price realizations before hedges were $0.06 below NYMEX, which was our best corporate-wide differential since the second quarter of 2013. Operating expenses decreased to $1.48 per Mcf, a 6% improvement relative to the prior-year comparable quarter, primarily driven by lower direct operating expenses, DD&A and interest expense. Given our strong free cash flow generation during the quarter, we ended the period with over $300 million of cash on the balance sheet and a net debt to EBITDAX ratio of 0.6x highlighting significant financial flexibility for continued return of capital to shareholders throughout the year. On the return of capital front, we announced a 29% increase in our dividend to $0.36 per share on an annualized basis, representing a 1.4% yield. This is our fourth dividend increase in the last 24 months. We expect to continue to increase our dividend methodically with an intent to grow our dividend over time to a yield that is competitive with the broader markets. A free cash flow generation over the coming years, we'll certainly be able to support this dividend growth even under significantly lower natural gas assumptions should the lower prices occur. We remain fully committed to returning a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders this year through dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. Given it is still early in the calendar year and we have been in blackout period for the majority of the first four months of the year, we have not executed on any material share repurchases year-to-date. However, we fully expect to continue to reduce our shares outstanding throughout the year and have significant financial flexibility to be much more active on that front, especially if we see a continued weakening in natural gas prices that have negatively impacted our share price. Moving onto our operations for the quarter. Our Marcellus production increased 25% compared to the prior-year comparable quarter. During the quarter, we placed 13 wells on production, all of which were in March, including 7 of the 13 wells that were turned in line the last week of the month. We expect to place an additional 18 wells on production during the second quarter, resulting in a production guidance range for the quarter of 2.3 Bcf to 2.35 Bcf per day or a 2% sequential increase relative to the first quarter at the midpoint of our guidance range. On the pricing front, we have experienced some weakness in the natural gas forward curve as weather-related demand has dissipated in April, which is expected during the spring shoulder season. However, we believe there may be upside to the current price levels driven by weather-related demand this summer that would also coincide with the potential increases in exports to Mexico and continued strength in the demand for feed gas from LNG export facilities. Lastly, on the production front, we are expecting a slowing of growth in the Northeast and Haynesville, which should be supportive for prices from a supply standpoint. The current strip including actual NYMEX settlement through April implies a $2.75 average price for the year, which is directly in line with our budgeted price. Based on these prices, we expect to generate over $50 million of hedging revenue for the last three quarters of the year. Through a combination of hedges and fixed price deals, we have approximately 46% of our volumes locked in from second quarter to fourth quarter, providing some mitigation of potential downside price risk. For the full-year, we have reaffirmed our 2019 capital budget of $800 million and our production growth guidance of 20% or 27% on a debt-adjusted per share basis. At our $2.75 NYMEX budget price for the year, we now expect to deliver adjusted earnings per share growth of 45% to 55%, return on capital employed of 22% to 23% and free cash flow of $600 million to $650 million, implying a 6% free cash flow yield at the midpoint of the range. In closing, I'm proud to report one of the best quarters in Cabot's history, which is a direct result of continued operational accents in the field, which has driven improved capital efficiency year-after-year, a marketing strategy that has allowed us to access new markets and significantly improve our differentials without increasing our gathering and transportation costs. They continued commitment to cost controls, including divesting higher cost properties and maintaining low overhead costs and interest expense, the latter of which is supported by one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. And lastly, as I stated many times before, but truly feel is paramount to our entire strategic plan, discipline capital allocation focused on delivering strong returns on and of capital and a competitive growth in the per share metrics. Rocco, with that, I'm more than happy to answer any questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Leo Mariani of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys, just a quick question on your second quarter production growth, it looks like you're bringing on more wells in 2Q versus 1Q. Additionally, a lot of the 1Q wells kind of came on late in the quarter. I guess, given that I would thought maybe the growth would be a little bit higher in 2Q. Are you seeing a lot of those 2Q well tie-ins also come on late? Just any color you have around that will be helpful.
Dan Dinges: Well, we'll have a number of those wells that are scheduled for May and that's kind of the middle May. So that's pushed out towards the latter part of the quarter. As we bring on these wells and we bring them on systematically, we don't bring on plus production out of the  as we unload the wells. So even though we bring them in say the middle of the quarter or the latter part of the quarter, we'll still bring them on and we'll see the majority of that increase probably towards the third quarter.
Leo Mariani: Okay, very helpful color for sure. Any further update in terms of the Upper Marcellus well performance now that you've had a couple more months to kind of view those wells?
Dan Dinges: No, it be a similar comment that I've made previously. We have not seen anything to deter our expectations that the production curve, the decline curve, if you will would be above what we have out there currently as our 2.9 EUR for the Upper Marcellus. That is holding true with the early time production curve and quite frankly, we do expect that, but as prudency would necessitate we're going to get more production before we make a firm statement on that. But we're pleased with what we're seeing and we're continuing to drill representative wells in that section throughout this year.
Leo Mariani: All right, very helpful. I guess, just lastly on your stock buyback, obviously, a little bit less robust this quarter. It sounds like just on your comments, it was really just due to the blackouts that you guys had in some of the restrictions there. Clearly, more of a focus on maybe kind of ramping the dividend. I guess, to kind of get to that S&P competitive yield that you're sort of talking about, do you think that's something that could kind of happen by the end of the year? Is that kind of a realistic expectation when you talked about some of the measured dividend growth?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We look at in whole when you think about our buybacks. We had the first quarter and coming into the first quarter, as we're all aware had and strong pricing in December and into the early part of the first quarter, a lot of noise, you had some early warming in coming into the shoulder months and also during the blackout period, we thought it was prudent to just let all that settle in. We were focused on the dividend increase. We had a discussion with our Board that this is directionally where we want to go. So we felt comfortable with our position on buybacks for the first quarter and laying out this dividend increase. And as we go through the year, we'll continue to have Board discussions on how we want to allocate our capital in the form of dividend increases and buybacks. But our comment and our objective of giving back a minimum 50% of our free cash flow is  I feel certain is going to occur before year-end.
Leo Mariani: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Mike Kelly of Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Michael Kelly: Great, thanks. Dan, industry consolidation has obviously been the hot topic in space right now and as has been a leading question, but if I look at Cabot, you guys are really kind of a one commodity, and really is a one county levered operator, and I'd love your thoughts on adding diversification to the portfolio and just kind of get your general take on what Cabot's role if any is likely to be kind of a period of increased consolidation. Thanks.
Dan Dinges: Thanks, Mike. It's going to be, I think you'll continue to hear a lot of the chatter and expectations on the M&A side. When we look at our assets and where  how we're located to your point of a single commodity, single basin, single regulatory environment, it's two edge sword. We're there, but we're there with the  what I think is probably the best natural gas assets in North America. I think our numbers and financials do reflect that. So looking at what we can deliver with just those assets, manage the risk profile of it being same commodity or same jurisdiction, we're comfortable with that. We're comfortable with how we've been able to manage it and we're comfortable with working through both the regulatory environment and the commodity price expectations that we can still deliver financial results. And when you look at long-term and assess from a Board level, strategic level, Cabot has always made decisions that are I think beneficial to shareholders to deliver the maximum value and any strategic decision we would make would also take that in consideration. So if it's good for the shareholder, my job one, two and three is to deliver value to the shareholder and if it's good for the shareholder, my job is to evaluate it. So if it's a strategic, it's strategic. If it's doing what we're doing and that's organic growth, delivering value through dividend increases and buybacks and organic growth with a very clean balance sheet, I think we have one of the best looking companies on a macro level and delivery to shareholders that you can find out there with a high degree and level of consistency on delivery. So we're happy with the cards we have and again, if there is significant value enhancement in any other direction, then I'm paid to look at it.
Michael Kelly: Great. Appreciate the color. Shifting gears a little bit. Q1, the differential, it's great to see that narrow fairly significantly. Just wanted to get your thoughts on how you see that differential trending throughout the rest of 2019 and say maybe even color on the differentials as you head into 2020 and beyond? Thanks.
Dan Dinges: Yes. Thanks Mike. And I'll let Jeff handle that.
Jeffrey Hutton: Good morning, Mike. Yes, the differentials were what we expected in Q1 after Atlantic Sunrise ramped up [indiscernible] basin demand projects came on, so we certainly enjoyed a good Q1. Looking out at Q2 and more short-term maybe the balance of the year, basis has widened a little bit. We did expect a little more volatility in the shoulder months and we're seeing it right now. I think the same volatility applies in the NYMEX world as well. So we do expect some ups and downs. Looking out beyond that, it's still encouraging. They're way better and way tighter than what we experienced in 2016, 2017 and 2018. So we're pleased with the trend and I think it's here to stay. And quite frankly, as we build more in-basin demand projects and others do as well. And we see the production not necessarily decline, but certainly the growth moderate, our expectations are, we're here to stay with these type differentials.
Michael Kelly: Great to hear. Appreciate the color guys.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: Good morning, Dan to you and your whole team there. I wonder if you could give us a little bit more insight or detail, it makes sense to me on your blackout periods, it makes sense that with year-end reporting that a lot of the early part of the year is going be blacked out, but what's it look like, or I guess, 2Q, the four-part, 2Q for you?
Dan Dinges: As far as blackouts concerned?
Charles Meade: Right.
Dan Dinges: Well, we have a consistent parameters leading up into our year-end numbers and our quarterly release and as we gather the numbers, we provide notice to all of the, as you put it insider personnel, including the Board, a bandwidth that's conservative early and we allow for a few days for dissemination of the data post release to  in the blackout. So second quarter is going to be open next week some time and will be free to do what we want to do at that period of time.
Charles Meade: Got it. So I guess where I'm going is the majority of this three-month window is going to be open to you, which is different from 1Q and that's the message you were trying to give us?
Dan Dinges: Yes, exactly.
Charles Meade: Got it. And then a second question, you and this thing, just go back to the comment you made in your prepared comments about what you're seeing, or what your expectations are from Marcellus for kind of play-wide growth and ditto in the Haynesville, so it seems from my point of view that most operators up in the Marcellus, are I guess holding rank in the sense that they're not seeing a breakout in activity and people going back to tout spending, but could you confirm if you're  what you're seeing if that's similar and maybe elaborate on how you expect that to progress through the year?
Dan Dinges: We have  our group up there monitors the equipment activity, rigs, frac crews and we get a fairly good feel for, and particularly in the six county area that we focus in, like fairly good level of expectation, the number of completions that would be coming on. So our comments are with the benefit of that information and we certainly feel comfortable and agree with your comment that there is some rationalization going on by the industry. And I think that is prudent and I think it will continue. Particularly when you look at the shoulder months that we see, you've seen a fairly good and quick fall off because of the early weather conditions and that certainly has a bearing on capital allocation and intensity of capital allocated. We also come into this period of the season with maintenance that affects production profiles and forecast, which certainly affects our second quarter numbers a little bit also. So I don't, we're just  we think there will be that rationalization and some of the equipment count indicates that also.
Charles Meade: Thanks for that added color Dan.
Dan Dinges: Yes. Thanks, Charles.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
Dan Dinges: Hello, Brian. 
Brian Singer: Can you or Jeff give us the latest update on the midstream chalkboard, any local demand projects or pipelines out of the region that are moving earlier, later added or subtracted from the schedule?
Dan Dinges: Yes. Ill turn that to Jeff.
Jeffrey Hutton: Hi. Good morning, Brian. I guess, two areas on in-basin demand. Obviously, it's key on our radar. We were out there looking very, very hard at a number of different things. Nothing to announce today of course, but I would add that we were also being very maybe selective in our approach. We want to find the right project, the right scale, timing. We also want to find the right project for the community, and there is a lot of factors going into it, but we are looking around. We have a lot of leads and lot of prospects. I'll kind of leave it at that. But I might add that others are going at it as well and in the six-county area up there, I think there's been something like 1.4 Bcf of in-basin demand added in the last year and a half, of course, a lot of that was power growth and we are continuing to get calls about additional projects up there, but on the power side, but we'll see how those play out. In terms of infrastructure, I'll just talk about why these staff to begin with. Publicly you all will see a filing notice a FERC problem in June on the project, we've completed pre-filing, completed open houses to the projects moving along and see nothing at this point to move us away from November 20, 21 in-service on that project. Talk a little bit about PennEast, I think publicly they have said that they will submit their DEP permit to New Jersey sometime in June. I think they also have said administratively they are complete in Pennsylvania. So that's good. So we'll see how the DEP and their 401 is treated once it's submitted. Also it could be anywhere from six months to a year and I believe they've stated they'll start construction as soon as they get that final permit. That's about it on the projects out at this point.
Brian Singer: Great, thank you. And my follow-up Dan is that the dividend increase is certainly notable here, what are the key areas of focus for you, management and the Board, as you try to go through the year and figure out how much more relative to the 50% minimum you would expect to return cash to shareholders. What do you see as the potential range and then the key other areas of competition for cash?
Dan Dinges: Well, the biggest competition for cash is Scott. He wants to maybe keep that payoff all that debt.
Scott Schroeder: Yes.
Dan Dinges: But kidding aside, we evaluate the different process that can be employed in dividend management. There are  and buybacks. There are some that says go ahead and get it ratchet up to the level that you would want it to be. And from a council standpoint, our third-party perspective, it seems to be a 2% yield on dividend seems to be the floor when it comes to evaluating the broader market and on the buybacks there is the back and forth between opportunistic and just putting in a consistent program of buybacks and what is the most effective process to employ in doing that. So when we have that discussion at our Board at this point in time and again it  we've had free cash flow the last three years. We are now moving into a clearer picture with just Marcellus as our asset, our predictability with again was just last October with the commissioning of the Atlantic Sunrise, the certainty of the commodity space and where we think the landing point is going to be, the differences and differential in the Northeast area, we wanted to measure out. And so with that comfort and a clear path for a over a decade of being able to deliver free cash flow, I just think and the Board thinks at this point in time though maybe conservative that representing delivery of 50% of our cash flow in broad terms, including dividends and share buybacks is a messaging to the street that we're going to do it, but we also say that we will give back possibly more than that. And we're comfortable right now taking a gradual step up in the dividend increase. And we're comfortable right now just having a opportunistic messaging on buybacks. Could that change in the future? Sure, it could, because we talk about it every Board meeting. A little bit long-winded Brian, I don't know if that answers you specifically, but we do consider all aspects of how we give back capital.
Brian Singer: That is helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Holly Stewart of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Holly Stewart: Good morning, gentlemen.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Holly.
Holly Stewart: Dan, maybe the first one just, I know you've provided your kind of key forecasted financial metrics at different pricing, but any updated thoughts around your activity levels, should strip move substantially below this kind of $2.75 level and obviously recognizing different tools are substantially better than they have been when we were at sort of similarly depressed NYMEX prices?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have bandwidth of $2.50 to $3.00 and if it moves substantially below our bandwidth as an average for the year at any point during the year, we're not going to have a knee-jerk reaction to our capital allocation, we'll continue to look at the macro and make some projections on where we think the strip is going to go, but you need to keep in mind that we deliver significant amount of earnings and return to the shareholders even below our $2.50 low end that we've used for 2019. I understand the metrics and I understand the cost and I understand the return from our peer group out there and I know that if Cabot gets stressed in any particular way, I think there's going to be a self-correcting mechanism because Cabot can make money below $2, but I'm fairly confident with my knowledge that there is not going to be a lot of money made below $2 and I think it's going to have an impact on the macro environment.
Holly Stewart: Yes, understood. And then maybe just one for Jeff on Atlantic Sunrise. I mean, Jeff, I know we've talked about your equity investment there and you'd previously mentioned looking to see that final project kind of move forward on Atlantic Sunrise. So maybe any updated thoughts on you're divesting of that equity investment?
Scott Schroeder: Holly, this is Scott. As we said when we invested both in Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise, our motivation was to have a seat at the table as part of the decision-making process and that served us well, obviously, with one very positive result and one still yet to be determined, but long-term for the Company, they're not going to be either pipeline or it's going to be part of our assets going forward. Look we continue to kind of monitor the marketplace and when we feel it's right, we'll explore the opportunity to sell that asset. So right now, more to come. We're just kind of assessing that at this time.
Holly Stewart: Great. Thanks Scott.
Operator: And our next today comes from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning. Congratulations on the strong quarter.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Jeffrey Campbell: My first question was just, it looked like that the first quarter 2019 free cash generation was greater than would have been expected just looking at the nat gas price relationships that you've got on Slide 10. I was wondering if it was that extra boost from the very narrow differentials that you enjoyed in the quarter or was this something else?
Dan Dinges: It was a combination of both, it ceded our realized price expectations and we did see the significant narrowing in the differential, it was combo.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. Thanks. And another kind of higher level question. When Cabot is asked about M&A or exploration, it seems like the assumption is always that it would be about oil and be in other basins. I was just wondering if you ever look for other dry gas opportunities within Appalachia and I realize your Lower Marcellus acreage is clearly at best, but there are some other dry gas areas in Northeast PA that are starting to show dramatic improvements. So I wondered if that's something you keep an eye on.
Dan Dinges: Yes, we monitor all the activity up there and we do keep an eye on it. If from a decision standpoint and how we monitor or consider capital allocation or strategic opportunity, we look at what the financial returns would be of any investment we've made at agnostic, quite frankly, to the commodity. If we feel like we can deliver significantly more of the same then if it comes through natural gas asset or oil asset, we're indifferent. The benefit, if you do get out of basins it mitigates the single commodity. If you do also get out of a basin it would probably be an oil consideration also which also is not only the commodity differential, but it is also out of the jurisdictional confines of PA. So we look at both, but one, two and three is what deliveries of the financial metrics would occur if we did anything.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Michael Hall of Heikkinen Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Hall: Thanks. Good morning. Solid quarter.
Dan Dinges: Hey, Michael.
Michael Hall: I was just curious maybe if you could talk a little bit about hedging philosophy and just kind of how you guys are thinking about that as you keep progressing forward on the payout strategy and the path you've laid out? How you guys thinking about hedging and how might that evolve over time?
Dan Dinges: So we went into the 2019 with virtually no hedges and we ramped up as we have currently in where we stand. We felt like that was inflection point. The market responded to some of the weather that we had and we took advantage of some of that. Obviously, prefer offensive hedges prior to the defensive hedges. We will be opportunistic, and we will lock in what deliverables that we have  have promised if in fact the market would provide that to us. The runway on some of the hedge is somewhat limited by just the depth of it. You can go out there a good ways, but it's not necessarily always at the price point that we would like to see. So if there is not a lot of depth and then it limits our participation, but if we do see numbers that we appreciate and it helps where we think the macro market will go, and it improves our line in that regard, then we continue to layer in that opportunity to mitigate.
Michael Hall: Okay. That makes sense. I mean is there a kind of minimum level of hedge that you guys are targeting over time in these kind of bias towards hedging on a differential versus at NYMEX or any additional thoughts on that?
Dan Dinges: Well, we look at it every way, Michael, on how we might place those hedges and where we think the opportunities would come and certainly now with a little bit different index points that we reach today then we have that added flexibility. There's no minimum position that we try to get to. If the market is low and we haven't achieved a level of hedging on our books, we're not going to, because we set a minimum. We're not going to try to achieve a minimum. If in fact though back to my point, if it looks like that we can improve our lot from our forecast and the market would give that to us, then we are going to be active in the hedge market and the same holds true, we really have no minimum that we'd like to get to and we have no maximum that we would be prepared to get to also. If we see an opportunity to lock in the majority of our volumes under hedge we would do that.
Michael Hall: That makes sense. And then I was also curious just on the operational side, as you kind of look at the asset quarter-to-quarter, across the year. How do you think about downtime relative to like well maybe like maximum potential productive capacity of the completed wells that would look like? What's that that kind of running on average, as you think about things like offset, well shut-ins, you mentioned maintenance on pipelines, things along those lines, how should we think about kind of downtime assumptions as we build things out?
Dan Dinges: Well, we build into our forecast a percentage of downtime and as a roundabout number, say 10% and that downtime though does include some of the known maintenance scheduling that Jeff provides through the pipelines that will be incurred and dates are set for preventive maintenance and pegging operations or whatever the case might be. So we incorporate that into our sales forecast, if that answers your question.
Michael Hall: Yes, that does and I'm assuming that also if things like offset, well shut-ins, I mean if it's 10% overall, how much is like known scheduled maintenance versus just kind of a buffer for potential operational deltas, that make sense?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have  our historic look of the offsets and effects on offset wells are the timing that we might shut-in an offset well during a fracking operations, we take that into consideration.
Michael Hall: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from David Deckelbaum of Cowen. Please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, Dan, Scott, and Matt. Thanks for taking my questions.
Dan Dinges: Hi, David. Thanks.
David Deckelbaum: Just that, I mean maybe a little bit more in the minutia, but in prior plans you did allow for some well cost inflation over time. How do you see that progressing now through the balance of this year going into next year? And I guess, as you think about your footage costs on just a  even benefiting from longer laterals. How long do you see that progressing for and where you could keep that footage costs sort of flattish here?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We anticipate between now and the end of the year, a relatively flat service cost. Majority of our costs as we mentioned before David are tied up in annual contracts. Well, both the biggest components rig and pumping services. So we expect fairly flattish cost. We continue to try to increase our lateral lengths based on the geology, geography out there and we'll continue to do that. We kind of like the zipcode we're at from an efficiency standpoint and  but we do continue to try to squeeze out everything we can, if it feels the guys up there in the North region feel like that their process and all the different, not only the operational progress that we've made in the past and learning we've had in the past. But any new ideas that they have out there, which we do, and our trying several right now that's not ready for prime time. We'll implement and hopefully, we can continue to gain the efficiencies that we've been successful in doing in the past.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that. And you guys sort of reaffirms the differential guidance for the year. Do you still sort of see that or use that as your base case going into 2020 or as you look at some of the in-basin demand projects or other efforts to kind of reduce some of the  or relieve some of the impact around Leidy, how you see that differential shaping up for you at the corporate level going into 2020?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have given our guidance and feel like going into 2020, we were going to be in a similar area at least with our expectations today in the similar area and it ties back to Jeff's comment about some of the conversations that we have and are having on in-basin demand projects, it also ties into what we think others are having in-basin demand projects and the overall macro position on equipment and what we anticipate will be strong rationalization by the operators up in that neck of the woods. We do anticipate the differentials to stay in the same range that we are today.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate the responses, Dan. Best of luck.
Dan Dinges: Thanks, David.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Kashy Harrison of Simmons Energy. Please go ahead.
Kashy Harrison: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking my question.
Dan Dinges: You bet.
Kashy Harrison: So just one, quick one for me, Dan, earlier you highlighted your expectation for a slowdown in both Pennsylvania and the Haynesville and you talked about what gives you confidence that Appalachia is slowing down, but I was just wondering if you share some more color on what gives you confidence that the Haynesville might be slowing down as well.
Dan Dinges: Well, when you look at it at approximately 10.5 or so 10 Bcf a day at this point in time and in PA, we look at the level of equipment activity out there and the Haynesville area as you're well aware that the majority of the operators there right now are private operators and the activity driven through the private sector. And I think the idea of continued allocation and particularly if you get a soft spot into the strip and you get reduction in the natural gas price as we're seeing right now, it would be my bet and our bet that from a private operator allocation perspective that a continued ongoing contribution at the levels that they had seen going into the end of 2018 and ramping up with several objectives in mind whether it would be to increase production because of anticipation of higher commodity price or increasing production with the idea of IPOs opening up. I think that was an activity driver and could still be an activity driver. But in that combination, I do think there is a likelihood that there will be a little bit less activity as we move forward at the levels that it's at right now.
Kashy Harrison: That makes sense. That was it from me. Congrats on a solid quarter.
Dan Dinges: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jane Trotsenko of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jane Trotsenko: Good morning. I have a question for Jeff. Atlantic Sunrise is obviously running full. I'm curious how much spare capacity do you see available on Millennium and Tennessee pipelines?
Jeffrey Hutton: Okay. Well, it obviously it varies quite a bit and  but from a high level, we added the in-basin demand kind of offset any kind of production growth over the last couple of years in Northeast PA and you take a look at some of the Southwest PA volumes that are now headed out on Rover and Nexus and some of the Columbia XPress projects and other new projects and you take a look at Sunrise and the 1.7 Bcf, that was probably removed the majority from Transco and from Tennessee and a little bit from Millennium. And then look at some of the new demand that Millennium added new competitive power plant in New York. It all adds up to spare capacity on the interstates, putting a definitive number on it is difficult because we believe there were spare capacity in these pipes before anything I just mentioned. So it is a moving number, but 2 Bcf to 3 Bcf a day of spare capacity is, is not out of the ballpark.
Jane Trotsenko: That's exceptionally helpful. I'm curious how much appetite does Cabot have to grow production in basin, given the numbers that you have just mentioned?
Jeffrey Hutton: While, we're all looking at each other who is going to answer that, but I think one of the things that when you look back even six months ago, right at the time of Atlantic Sunrise coming on and you picked up on the fact that a lot of capacity was vacated to fill that obligation and rightfully so for better price points. We, Cabot did in February come out with a little bit lower of guidance both on the capital side and on the production side because our motivation is simply not  and the market's motivation is not to chase growth. It's more of a moderated growth. Obviously in 2019, Cabot has outsized growth just because of the timing of that sale of those new projects, but a more moderate growth profile going into the future is what  is Cabot's plan at this point in time. We will defend market shares. We've said before, if we see the industry starting to backfill those in any great way. But right now as an earlier question indicated everybody's kind of sitting, has a very disciplined growth plan in front of them either to hold certain volumes flat and grow other places. There is no macro push or push from the peers for us to change our growth profile in any way at this point in time and it reinforces our discipline in our capital allocation at this point.
Jane Trotsenko: This is very good answer. The reason why I'm asking is, we obviously have backwardation in the forward curve pricing, right. And then we have production growth that needs to offset that backwardation. In the forward curve pricing very often what we see is that the earnings trajectory is a kind of flattish as a result of this backwardation and forward curve pricing. I'm just curious if you guys are thinking in terms of growing earnings trajectory over the following years, or maybe just keeping production more moderate and offsetting the backwardation in the forward curve pricing?
Dan Dinges: We plan on, as Scott said, we plan on having a measured growth on organic basis. We plan on augmenting growth on a per share basis with our return of capital to shareholders and from a program perspective and confidence level what we deliver, we feel like that measured growth and a capital allocation program that allows for one that particular growth and the amount of cash flow generation to that yield perspective, which is in 2019, we anticipate around 6%. We think that is a good landing point at this stage and with the additional give back to shareholders, we think that we will be able to attract incremental dollars from outside of a traditional energy investor and compete with the broader market. So from a design standpoint without having issues with our  and uncertainty attached to our program. Keep in mind. We're doing this with three rigs and two frac crews. So the complications, the operation is very, very low and our results are very consistent. So we feel good about that. How we manage this financial side is along the lines that we've discussed and we'll continue to be able to do that again into the next decade.
Jane Trotsenko: Got it. That's it from me. Thank you so much.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Dinges for any final remarks.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Rocco, and thank you for your interest in Cabot this morning and as a closing comment. The good news, assuming you like disciplined capital allocation, earnings and production growth, free cash flow, share buyback, increased dividends, if you like all that, the good news is that you can expect more of the same from Cabot in the future. So thanks again and look forward to the visit next quarter.
Operator: And thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cimarex Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Karen Acierno. Please go ahead.
Karen Acierno: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2018 results and 2019 guidance conference call. An updated presentation was posted to our website yesterday afternoon and we will be referring to this presentation during the call today. The call this morning is focused on a discussion of the historical results of Cimarex and our 2019 guidance. Due to the pending transaction with Resolute, we do not intend to address matters related to the same. However, subject to the satisfaction of conditions, including the approval of the Resolute shareholders, we expect to close the acquisition on March 1. Our full year guidance assumes the acquisition of Resolute closes on March 1. We do not have comments on Resolute until after the expected closing. Also, this is not a discussion of securities involved or a solicitation of any vote or approval. You are urged to read the public filings with the SEC that contain information about the pending transaction.  In addition, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements on our news release and in our latest 10-Q for the year ended December 31. That was filed yesterday and there is also other filings for the risk factors associated with our business.  As always, we will begin our prepared remarks with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden; followed by an update on our drilling activities and results from John Lambuth, SVP of Exploration; and then Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on operations, including production and well costs. CFO, Mark Burford, is here to help answer any questions as well. [Operator Instructions]. And so with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Jorden: Thank you, Karen. Good morning, everybody. Cimarex had a great year in 2018. We invested $1.57 billion in exploration and development and achieved excellent investment returns. We generated earnings per share of -- excuse me, earnings of $792 million or $8.32 per share on revenues of $2.3 billion. We finished the year strong, with solid execution and beat consensus estimates for both production and CapEx. All in all, it was an excellent year, and I salute our organization for flawless execution and performance that exceeded our targets.  You will recall that we sold assets in Ward County in 2018, the proceeds of which will help to finance the announced acquisition of Resolute Energy Corporation. That acquisition, as Karen said, is expected to close on March 1. As we move forward into 2019, looking at our activity on a combined basis, we are committed to cash flow neutrality in 2019. Simply put, we will not borrow money.  Our planned exploration and development capital of $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion will put us in a cash flow neutral position, including payment of our quarterly dividend at a $52.50 NYMEX oil price. Before considering our dividend, we will be cash flow neutral at a $50 NYMEX oil price. However, we do not consider our dividend to be discretionary, so we internally discuss cash flow neutrality after payment of the dividend. You may have also noticed that we increased our dividend yesterday to $0.20 per share per quarter. We will have an active year in 2019, driven primarily by development projects. John will provide more detail on this.  The work we have done these past few years has greatly increased our understanding of optimum development. Our learnings here include reservoir behavior, well interference and the project economics of multi-well developments. These understandings are a result of experiments across our portfolio including Wolfcamp, Bone Spring, Woodford and Meramec. Our conclusions on well spacing and incremental economics are not obvious, but we are confident that we can find the value sweet spot in developing our assets. Our 2019 plan includes projected exploration and development capital of $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion, 85% of which will be invested in the Permian Basin. Our total production is expected to increase 18% at the midpoint, including oil growth of 23% at the midpoint year-over-year. As a result of the progress we have made, we have a multiyear outlook where our assets and organization will deliver good growth and free cash flow at a $50 NYMEX oil price, including the dividend.  I would like to refer you to Slide 10 in our latest presentation, where we present a 3-year cash flow sensitivity at a $50 and $55 NYMEX oil price. Our assets can generate cumulative free cash flow after the payment of our dividend of $100 million to $600 million over the next 3 years while delivering oil growth averaging 15% per year. The chart on the left is a comparison of cash flow over the last 3 years versus our outlook for the next 3 years. We will be spending about 20% more capital on average, generating about 35% more oil growth on average and see a potential swing of over $1 billion from outspending $532 million over the 2016 to '18 period to generating $100 million to $600 million in free cash flow during the period 2019 to 2021.  The $600 million in free cash flow at $55 NYMEX oil is 11% of our total cash flow we expect to generate in that period calculated as a percent. Cimarex has hit our stride. 2019 will be another year of solid execution. We're seeing the benefits of our emphasis on science and innovation as well as our organizational capability and focus on economic returns. 2018 was a year that showed our ability to execute as planned. In 2019, we will do it again. With that, I will turn the call over to John to discuss some of the highlights.
John Lambuth: Thanks, Tom. During the fourth quarter, Cimarex invested $380 million in exploration and development activities, bringing the total for 2018 to $1.57 billion. $1.3 billion or 86% was invested into drilling and completion of new wells. These investments yielded excellent results for Cimarex, including growth in both reserves and production. We drilled or participated in 349 gross, 122 net wells in 2018, with 70% of our capital spend in the Permian region and 30% in the Mid-Continent.  For 2019, our estimated total exploration and development capital is $1.35 billion to $1.45 billion, with $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion going toward the drilling and completion of new wells. This amount of drilling and completion capital represents 83% of our total exploration and development investment. We currently operate 11 gross rigs, with 10 in the Permian region and 1 in Mid-Continent. We plan to spend approximately 85% of our drill and complete capital in the Permian in 2019, with the rest going to the Mid-Continent region. This capital investment will result in a total 83 net wells brought online during 2019, with our company-wide average lateral -- operated lateral length increasing from 7,512 feet, which was the 2018 average, to 9,050 feet.  Now on to some specifics about each region. I will start in the Permian region, where we brought on 40 gross, 32 net wells in the fourth quarter, bringing the total for the year to 80 net wells. A very significant delineation well brought online in the fourth quarter was our first Third Bone Spring landing test located on the western part of our Culberson acreage block. The Kingman 45 State Unit 3H had an average 30-day peak production rate of 2,917 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 1,965 barrels of oil per day. This outstanding result continues to expand the prospective hydrocarbon window for the Upper Wolfcamp in Culberson County, which will lead to greater development well densities for this area.  Another significant result for this quarter is the Crawford 27-26 FEE 2H, located on our Southern Eddy County acreage block we call White City, and I'll refer you to Page 16 in our investor presentation for its location. This 10,000-foot Upper Wolfcamp delineation test achieved a peak 30-day average rate of 2,455 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 1,701 barrels of oil per day. This step-out well helps confirm the strong rate of return opportunity we have in this Southern Eddy acreage position.  Also coming online in the fourth quarter was the Animal Kingdom infill development, which consists of 8 10,000-foot laterals testing the equivalent of 14 wells per section. These 8 wells achieved a combined peak 30-day average rate of 3,500 barrels of oil per day and 81 million cubic feet of gas per day, these being 2 stream numbers. Although we do not have any Lower Wolfcamp developments planned for 2019, the early results from this project would suggest future Lower Wolfcamp developments would be planned at spacing much tighter than the previously announced and successful 6-well per section Tim Tam pilot.  We have allocated 85% of our capital to the Permian region in 2019, which equates to a 5% increase in absolute spending over 2018. We have a total of 9 development projects spread across our Delaware Basin acreage position planned for '19, all of them targeting the Upper Wolfcamp interval. Five of these are located within our Culberson joint development area. Planned spacing for these 5 pilots will vary from 8 to 12 wells per section, depending upon the overall thickness of the hydrocarbon section for each project. Three more development projects will come online in Reeves County, Texas, and one more development project will be drilled on our highly prolific Red Hills acreage block located in Southern Lea County, New Mexico. All 4 of these projects will be drilled at the equivalent of 12 wells per section.  Finally, our average operated lateral length in the Permian has increased from 7,617 feet in 2018 to 9,169 feet in 2019. So although we have 14% fewer operated wells versus 2018, our laterals are 20% longer, resulting in a 4% increase in total lateral feet drilled for the year.  Now on to the Mid-Continent. In the fourth quarter, the Mid-Continent region brought online 6 net wells bringing the total for the year to 42 net wells. Of note was the 10,000-foot Meramec development project called Dupree, which was drilled at 3 wells per section. I refer you to Page 22 in the presentation for the location of the Dupree. Average 30-day peak rates for the 2 additional development wells were 2,972 barrels of oil equivalent per day and 1,574 barrels of oil per day. Our better understanding of the in-place hydrocarbon potential of the Meramec is leading to better well spacing decisions for the rest of our undeveloped Meramec position. This year, we will be completing and bringing online three Meramec development projects in the second quarter. The spacing for these three projects varies from 3 to 5 wells per section. And then finally, due to the size of the project and resulting capital required, the previously planned Leota Woodford infill development project for now will be delayed until possibly 2020. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph Albi: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining our call today. I'll touch on the usual items, our fourth quarter production, our Q1 and 2019 full year production guidance and then I'll finish up with a few comments on LOE and service costs. As Tom mentioned, we ended 2018 with a very solid quarter for production. With 38 net wells coming online during Q4, our reported net daily equivalent volume came in at 251.3 MBOEs per day, beating the upper end of our guidance and setting new records for company and regional production, and those are records in all product categories. Oil production drove our strong quarter-over-quarter production ramp, with our Q4 oil volume coming in at 79,900 barrels per day, surpassing the upper end of our guidance range by nearly 2,000 barrels a day. With Q4 in the books, our reported 2018 full year equivalent and oil production volumes exceeded our guidance ranges that we gave last call and reflect strong year-over-year production gains, with our 2018 reported equivalent volume up 17% and our oil volume up 18% over 2017.  So looking forward into 2019, our forecasted production model reflects our focus on the Permian and incorporates, really, 3 primary inputs. One is a constrained capital investment, which is tied to cash flow neutrality at $52 NYMEX oil. The second is the transition into a much smoother completion cadence. And third is our continued investment in high rate of return drilling projects. Our drilling and completion capital assumptions that we've used in the model are based on late 2018 total well cost estimates and include approximately $80 million for program-related infrastructure such as SWD and power, as well as a little extra windage for select science projects such as pilot holes and upsize frac experiments. As such, the recent potential well cost reductions I'll touch on in just a bit are not built into our current 2019 capital spending projection. The model integrates the addition of the Resolute volumes beginning in -- on March 1, and reflects a slowdown in our Q1 net completions as we transition into the smoother completion cadence I just mentioned beginning in the second quarter. The result is lower 2019 drilling and completion capital and a net completion count lower as compared to 2018, with our projected first quarter volumes flat to Q4 '18, followed by quarter-over-quarter production growth beginning in the second quarter. For Q1, we're projecting our net equivalent daily volume to average 245,000 to 250,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with an oil volume in the range of 75,000 to 81,000 barrels of oil per day, both virtually flat to Q4 '18, but up significantly from a year ago, with our projected first quarter equivalent volume up 19% to 25% and our oil volume up 15% to 24% from our reported Q1 '18 volumes.  With our net completion cadence projected to increase and smooth out beginning in Q2, our 2019 net equivalent daily volumes are forecasted to average 250,000 to 270,000 BOEs per day, with our full year net oil volumes projected at 78,000 to 88,000 barrels of oil per day, both up significantly from 2018, with our 2019 equivalent volume projection up 13% to 22% and our full year oil projection up 15% to 30% over last year.  Switching gears to OpEx. With our Ward County properties now off the books and also with the reduction in our expense workovers during Q4, as well as the ramp in production that we saw in Q4, we posted a great quarter for lifting costs in the fourth quarter. Our Q4 lifting cost came in at $2.87 per BOE, well below the low end of our guidance range that we gave of $3.35 to $3.80, and down $0.92 or 24% from where we were in Q3.  As we look forward into 2019, with continued market cost pressures on items such as SWD and compression, our increased 2019 Permian drilling focus and the acquisition of the Resolute properties, we're projecting our full year lifting cost to be in the range of $3.20 to $3.70 per BOE. With the Resolute properties added to our books beginning in March, on March 1, we're projecting Q1 '19 to likely come in at or below the full year guidance range I just mentioned.  And lastly, some comments on drilling and completion cost. On the drilling side, with rig rate increases we talked about last quarter now in place, we've managed to hold the drilling portion of our AFEs in check since our last call. But on the completion side, we recently realized additional cost decreases in both the Permian and in our Mid-Continent programs, via service cost reductions, local sand sourcing, water recycling, zipper fracking and by challenging the completion design for each and every one of our programs. As a result, we've just recently lowered our total well cost AFEs. The majority of our 2019 program is focused on the Wolfcamp in the Permian, where depending on area, interval, facility design and frac logistics, our most current Wolfcamp 2-mile AFEs are running $10.4 million to $12.9 million. That's down $500,000 from our estimate last quarter.  In the Mid-Continent, with a refined completion design and local sand pricing now in place, we've just lowered our 2-mile Meramec total well cost $500,000 with a new range of $10 million to $11.5 million. That's down more than $1.5 million from the cost we quoted a year ago.  As I mentioned just a bit earlier, with us just now on the forefront of realizing these potential cost savings, they have not been fully incorporated into our current corporate planning model for wells we have yet to drill and complete. So in closing, we had a great Q4, beating the upper end of both our equivalent and oil production guidance ranges. With the mark, we closed 2018 with solid year-over-year equivalent and oil production growth. We further improved our overall cost structure with significant drops in both lifting cost and development cost. We're in great shape to execute a disciplined 2019 capital program, with our entire organization focused on optimizing cost and continuing to generate profitable growth. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Tom, I have a quick question on capital efficiency. Perhaps it's a bit simplistic, but what we did was we looked at your E&D budget in '18 versus '19, and we just divided by the number of wells or tills you're projecting in '19 and just compared it to 2018 actual. So if you just looked at this on a per well basis, the costs go from just under $13 million to $17 million. I know lateral lengths are increasing some, but I just wondered if you can discuss that increase as well as the drivers of the capital efficiency improvement that you're modeling in 2020 and 2021 versus 2019 levels?
Thomas Jorden: Well, I'll tee it up and then I'll turn it over to Joe to give you detail. But Arun, one thing I'll say from a very high level, is we are absolutely committed to live within cash flow. And that means we don't want to borrow money. So if there is a bias in our numbers, it's probably a little bit to the upside. We didn't want to come in with a capital that's flying close to the ground, because then if we were to go over that number, we would end up going into a debt situation. So we've actually built in a little money into our program for potential cost overages. We see them every year. We do occasionally stick tubing on a drill-out. We do occasionally have to sidetrack a well. And so we've looked historically at what that is and we've built in a little bit of windage there. But I'll say, I know there is a little bit of confusion. We do have some infrastructure dollars. We have some facility dollars. But when we look in our internal numbers, we do not see a per unit cost increase. So we would push back on that there is a decrease in our capital efficiency. And then the last thing I'm going to say before I turn it back over to Joe, is we have a fairly rigorous project internally going on right now, looking at our cost, trying to squeeze what we can out of reengineering our programs. Some of it's not up for grabs. We build facilities that are clean, they're safe and they're built to last. But with that, I'm going to turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Albi: Yes, Tom, I'll elaborate a little bit further on what Tom mentioned about the windage. We've got capital in our current model right now, number one, that's based on later AFEs in the year that we were putting together. And very simplistically, on the frac side, I can tell you that we've seen about a 20% reduction in our frac cost per foot since late Q3 to current today numbers. And so to the extent that those higher completion costs are built into the model, there's a little bit of bias on the conservative side there. When we break out the capital and we deduct the infrastructure cost and we compare the cost per foot, per lateral foot to 2018, we're seeing actually at the total company level, a slight reduction from where we were in 2018. And lastly, what I'll say without trying to quantify numbers exactly, at any given year, with the number of multi-well development projects that we have, we have capital that may be spent at the latter part of the year that doesn't reflect itself in the number of wells that are brought online during that year. And we have some capital in our model, obviously, that's associated with our 2020 program that, doing the simplistic calculations you are doing, may not be the correct way to take a look at it.
Arun Jayaram: That's helpful. And my follow-up, Tom or John, I was wondering if you can give us an update on your thoughts on exploration and potentially broaden out the portfolio beyond the Permian, Mid-Continent. The 10-K did confirm that you have a reasonable position, looks like 130,000 acres, in Louisiana now, for similarly, for the Austin Chalk play. I was wondering if you can maybe comment on those 2 points.
John Lambuth: Arun, this is John. I guess I didn't realize our 10-K was disclosing that. News to me, but yes, we do have a -- we've been able to accumulate a very nice acreage position in Louisiana and we are actively pursuing an exploration idea there. And that's what we always do. And as we've often said, if indeed any of that is impactful, we have good results at some point, then we will speak more to it. But yes, we have accumulated position there and then we'll see, okay?
Thomas Jorden: Arun, our goal is to grow our assets. And we think doing it organically is our preferred way. If we can find a bolt-on that makes sense, we love it. And that's what the Resolute deal is. But I want to say growing our assets can mean a lot of things. Certainly, exploration is an important part of that. Leasing, finding new ideas, extending our footprint, and we're always working on that. But you know, there is also an opportunity to grow our assets by understanding our development and getting our well spacing right and then opening up new target zones. And I just want to reemphasize a couple of things John said. That Third Bone Spring well in Culberson County is a whole new target zone that overlaps over our asset in Culberson County. That's a significant new data point for Cimarex. That was a well that had a fair amount of risk attached to it. In fact, that was a creative geological and engineering idea. If you look north up dip, where you would think the oilier part would probably reside in a basin-wide fashion, those same landing zones are wet. And yet down dip, we had a geological idea that maybe we were in the right part of the basin for it to be oil bearing. We tested that well and it was a remarkable success. And that interval maps and overlaps over almost most of that entire asset. So we want to grow our assets, and we want to do it through creative internal science and we -- as always, we need to do more of it, but I just -- I want to point out there's a lot of ways to do that.
Operator: The next question will come from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Venker: Tom, I was hoping you can talk a little bit about how your priorities for use of free cash flow are, in your mind, ordered right now? And how you may plan to increase that return of cash over the next couple of years?
Thomas Jorden: Well, our first priority is to execute and generate it. And so we're pretty confident we can do that. Yes, you know we're going to continue to grow our dividend, we're committed to that. And that's taking, a not insignificant part of our cash flow. As we look ahead, we're just going to have to see. I mean, first thing we have to do is demonstrate that we can execute and bank that cash. We will be running our cash on our balance sheet down post Resolute closing. So after we close on Resolute, we won't have the cash in our balance sheet that we're used to over the last couple of years. I'll say what one of our directors used to say, and that's "Cash does not spoil." I mean, we don't like to keep cash on our balance sheet, but that said, we're not always nervous about it, either. We'd love to find additional bolt-ons, and we are committed to return cash to shareholders. So that will certainly be forefront of our mind. But first and foremost, we need to execute and generate that free cash.
Andrew Venker: Understood, Tom, thanks for the color. I guess just as a follow-up, have you thought about the form that might take in addition to dividends, whether -- maybe special dividend or buyback?
Thomas Jorden: Well, yes, of course, we think about it. We think about it constantly. We get asked about it. But I don't have anything new to say on that than what we've already said. We are committed to our owners. We understand who we work for and that's what our plan is all about.
Operator: The next question will come from Douglas Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kalei Akamine: This is Kalei Akamine on for Doug. I've got a couple of questions here. So the 2019 plan really looks like a full pivot to the Permian Basin. And obviously, that's positive for oil growth, cash margins and so forth. But the shift in activity also begs the question just how core is the Mid-Continent to our portfolio? I'm wondering if you can address how the Mid-Con fits into your future plans, which now appear framed by $50 CapEx?
John Lambuth: Well, this is John. I'll take a stab at that. First off, without a doubt, given the disparity between oil and gas price, Permian shines relative in a portfolio manner to our Anadarko Basin. And we have much better oil opportunities in Permian than we do in Anadarko. Now that said, there are oilier opportunities in Anadarko. The other thing, though, is that's leading to this investment decision is Permian is much further ahead in our confidence to be able to deploy this capital in a full development mode and achieve both the volumes and the returns. We're further ahead of the game there in the Permian and in fact, I think we demonstrated that strongly in our fourth quarter, with the number of the development projects that we were able to bring on, on time, and even in some ways, exceeding our expectation in volumes. And a lot of it was Permian. So a lot of confidence in our ability to deploy that capital right now in Permian and get it done. And then the last thing I'll say is in Anadarko, we don't really have any obligation that we have to spend in terms of maintaining our acreage position. We still have a pretty significant amount of capital that has to be deployed in Permian and we're happy to deploy it to maintain our acreage position. So all of that led to this year's investment decision. Not with all that said, I will tell you that in Anadarko, we are challenging that region to come up with the type of development projects that will compete with Permian, and we'll be working on that throughout the year. And I fully expect to see them fighting for capital as we go into 2020.
John Lambuth: Yes, I'll just add to that. Anadarko Basin is a wonderful basin. It's pressured, it has multiple targets, multi-pay. If we had to come up with a punch list of what we're looking for in new basins, Anadarko Basin fulfills almost all of them. And in addition to that, the State of Oklahoma, as is Texas and as is New Mexico, are places where you can plan your business and deal with a regulatory environment that's constructive. And so I just want to tell a little bit of history here. In 2009, we laid down all of our rigs in the Permian Basin, and we challenged the organization there to figure it out and come up with things we wanted to do. And they came up with a novel new idea in Lea County called Second Bone Spring, drilled a horizontal well and we were off to the races. So we've issued a similar challenge to our Anadarko region to be creative, look through that basin, find things that compete for capital. We're a highly competitive organization, both externally and internally. And I am highly confident that we're going to surprise to the upside in what we can find and do in the Anadarko Basin.
Kalei Akamine: Given the plan for 2019, what kind of decline do you expect for the Mid-Con BOE and natural gas?
Thomas Jorden: We're pointing to Joe for that. He's looking at, yes. He's pulling his papers out, yes.
Joseph Albi: Yes, overall, at a BOE basis, we're projecting that 2019 might be down 5% to 7% in the Anadarko. And most of the majority on the equivalent growth side is obviously on the Permian side and that's 35% plus.
Kalei Akamine: Awesome. Just as a follow-up, I was wondering if you can speak to the gas takeaway situation in the Permian Basin. Now in the Permian, you guys have some really powerful oil assets, but they just happen to produce a lot of natural gas. So given your yield, your insights in value, do you see this market evolving in the near term as important? Just wondering if you can talk to your expectations for pricing? And since then, you've also finalized 2019 plans, can you give us an update on your projected Permian sales agreement through December 2019, which I think previously stood at around 98%?
Joseph Albi: Yes, this is Joe, and I'll make a few comments and hand off to Mark with regard to what we're seeing differential-wise in the basin and if that leads into hedging or whatever. But on the gas side, nothing has changed. We've secured those same sales arrangements. We're very comfortably sitting at about 97% of all our residue gas in the Permian through pre-sales arrangements through the first quarter of 2020. We wanted to go out and beyond 2019. I'm sure you know that there is expansions in takeaway, in not only the gas side by the end of Q3, but also on the NGL and the oil side. We've had really no issues on the liquids side. Our NGL production is linked to sales at the processing facilities with the processors for whom either have purchaser-backed or established long-term sales arrangements in place for those volumes. And likewise, on the oil side, same situation with who we are selling to. 78% of our oil is on pipe. All of our -- I shouldn't say all, about 90% of all of our first quarter and second quarter oil new wells are going to be put on pipe. So we're anticipating that percentage to go forward. But more importantly, it's on pipe with people who have pipe out of the basin, and we've got sales arrangements put in place with them. So we feel comfortable, as we did 3, 4 months ago, about the position that we're in to get our products sold. And from my end, I haven't seen any real changes in that regard. Mark, I don't know if you want to speak to what we're seeing on the differentials?
Mark Burford: Sure. Kalei, this is Mark. Looking at differentials using the forward strip for Panhandle Eastern -- or for Waha and a passive Permian, you know, we're looking at it in $1.50, $1.25 for the next couple of quarters. Improving in the fourth quarter, it's up $1. Annual difference for '19 is looking at right around $1.25. I will point out we are about almost 40% hedged for calendar '19, with Waha and the passive Permian collars. And that's obviously, in the range of those -- those collars are in a range of $1.45 to $1.80-type range collars. We do have some portion of our realization covered with collars in the Permian. And as you look out into '20, you look at the forward strip, that price continues to improve with some of the pipeline expansion, so.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers Investment Research.
Jeffrey Campbell: First question is on, going back to Mid-Con. Since it had to fight for capital, you've described that, can you add some color on the locations that have made the grade? Are these discrete Woodford Meramec locations? Or will there be some multi-zone development of the 2 together?
John Lambuth: Well, as I said in my remarks, we have 3 sections' worth of development that we've already drilled and we'll be bringing on in the Meramec in the second quarter. We very much look forward to the returns we'll get from there. We think we're spacing those wells appropriately and we think those type of wells are leading to kind of capital that can compete. I think the bigger question is just we have a number of great opportunities, especially in the Woodford. But typically, for those type of opportunities, they take a lot of capital. Honestly, when we go to develop Woodford, it's a large capital investment and the kind of cycle time we see there. Right now, we kind of like what we, again, have coming out of Permian in terms of our ability to deploy that capital and get that capital refresh rate quicker. Other than that, there is good investment opportunities, but again, we're just trying to get to the point where we're more confident in making those investments and how ultimately they'll compete versus these Permian development projects.
Thomas Jorden: Yes, I'll just add to that. One of the issues in the Woodford, in the Woodford, in much of our Anadarko portfolio, really is generating very, very nice returns. But the Woodford is a different reservoir than many of the other reservoirs we play with, in that it is subject to well-to-well interference phenomenon. And that means that if you're going to do a development, a 6- or 8-well development, which may be perfect for the Permian, is something you really want to be suspicious of in the Woodford. And that's because you want to protect your boundaries. And because of well-to-well interference phenomenon, it does lend one to consider larger projects. And that's one reason that's contributed to our capital allocation, in that a lot of the same things we have teed up and ready to roll in the Woodford, although good returns are just larger chunks of capital.
Jeffrey Campbell: I appreciate that color. First of all, I apologize, I missed the earlier part of the call, if you'd already covered some of that.
Thomas Jorden: No problem. You missed some very eloquent remarks.
Jeffrey Campbell: But that actually brings up an interesting point and that's that you've discussed, I know '19 is not a big year, but you've discussed that you want to start to move to more of a multiyear type of planning cycle. And once you kind of have that -- have comfort with that in place, would that actually lend itself to making the kind of investment you've talked about in the Woodford a little bit more practical as opposed to right now?
John Lambuth: No, absolutely. In fact, as I said, we have plans as we look forward into those multiyears. Because again, as Tom said, when we look at the different metrics that we like to see on a development project, there are a number of Anadarko projects that look attractive. It's just, again, the amount of timing it takes to get those put together. And as Tom alluded to, also working with your offset partners to get everybody lined up to get it moving forward. So it just takes a little more upfront planning, which ultimately could lead to some good investments, again, probably in 2020 for a number of those projects. That said, they still have to compete with Permian development projects. And we're always going to hold that level of making sure we're making the best investment that we can.
Thomas Jorden: This is a high-class problem, because our Anadarko assets are, by and large, all held by production. So we do have the luxury to stage it as we see fit. Yes, I know it looks odd from the outside looking in, but from our standpoint, it's a pretty nice problem to have.
Jeffrey Campbell: Right. And just to follow up on what you had said earlier, it sounds like then, having discussed this, the challenge that you're going to make to your Mid-Con team is to try to figure out how to get cycle times down to as short as feasible. Is that right?
John Lambuth: I think cycle time is one aspect, but more importantly, as Tom alluded, and trust me, we spend a lot of time, we look very carefully at these well-to-well interference things we see on development projects. And quite frankly, we have a lot of energy going toward taking steps to minimize the impact, say when you come develop next to an existing development and wells in the ground. And so yes, just a major change in that, and I'm kind of excited by some of the things we're looking at. If we can just get more comfortable with that, that then would allow us to design the type of developments that would get us to quicker cycle times and refresh rates. So they're up to the challenge, as Tom said, and we're putting a lot of energy into it. And if we can have just a small breakthrough on some of these things, they'll be competing, for sure.
Jeffrey Campbell: I appreciate that color, because I think the simple minds' thing is just, well, if it's $50, and if this doesn't work. But it sounds like there is, obviously, a lot more involved and also problems that you can solve. I certainly took note of the Third Bone Spring well in Culberson and just wanted to ask a couple of quick questions. One, how many wells do you feel like you need to drill to get a good handle on prospectivity throughout your Culberson acreage? And so far, does this Third Bone Spring zone have any communication with any lower zones? Or does it seem capable of standalone development?
John Lambuth: Well, the answer to your first question, yes, we do now, as much as we have mapped its extent, and I think Tom alluded to that, it looks very prospective. We do now have a number of wells across the breadth of our Culberson position that we're going to be teeing up over the year to further delineate that as a landing zone. I can't really -- as part of your second question, I can't speak to just overall, let's say, vertical communication and drainage, because this was just one well. What we will be doing quickly in the near future is in some of our developments, we'll be adding this as a landing zone and then trying to determine how much is it draining relative to other wells, and then that will then lead to further decisions about the ultimate number of wells we'll put in this section. Suffice it to say, it's very encouraging and exciting that we have been, over the years, pushing that upper landing zone higher and higher up in the section, which certainly is going to lead to more wells per section as we go and continue to develop this acreage position.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeanine Wai of Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: My first question is on the three year guide. You previously commented that you wanted to level out the completion cadence and that it would take a couple of quarters to get there. And it looks like you're probably getting there in the back half of this year. With CapEx being roughly flat over the next 3 years in the plan, what does the oil growth trajectory look like when you get out to 2020 and 2021? And I guess, specifically, do you see continued improvement in your capital efficiency such that you could see flat or maybe even sequential growth in 2021?
Mark Burford: Yes, Jeanine, this is Mark. In the '20 and '21 period, as you get out past '19, we are still working to get those cadence of predicted completions more steady and into those periods as well. But we do see, and as we discussed, in that 15% kind of annual growth in oil averages that period. So but we're still working those plans, this initial kind of run-through those outer years, are still working '20 and '21 as we speak. But it's in that -- the cadence is in those years also improving in a flatter cadence and a steady growth. But it is improving through '21 through efficiencies that we can continue to have more portion of our capital in full development. And see, as we do see capital improvements, efficiency improvements through '21.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then my second question is on the Wolfcamp, and apologies if I missed this somewhere else in the call. But we noticed in the presentation that the returns for the Upper and the Lower Wolfcamp in Culberson County have declined since the last update. And can you just talk about maybe what's driving this change? Is there some kind of change in the spacing assumption, or maybe the completion technique that might also assume -- have a similar effect in other parts of your portfolio? Or is this just a one-off?
Karen Acierno: Jeanine, I'll jump in and answer that. So we run those sensitivities every -- I think this was six months ago that we updated it. So what happens is we use these forward-looking type curves and it's a blend of type curves across the acreage. What might not be included in here are some of the upper zones and things like that. But it's really just adjustments to types curve. They may have come down, but in fact, they're all still very high. So I wouldn't get too concerned about movements and be more interested in just the improvement at -- with price. And even the Lower Wolfcamp has good returns at -- I'm turning to look at John -- so at $50 oil, right? So let's say $45, which would be our $50 cage, so. It's just something that we've had in there for a while. It's slight changes in type curves that would cause those adjustments from quarter-to-quarter.
Thomas Jorden: As soon as we hang up, we'll put the old and new curve on top of one another on the light table, if we still can find a light table.
Operator: The next question will come from Neal Dingmann of SunTrust.
Neal Dingmann: Tom, given your comment about focusing more on organic growth, could you talk about how just your thoughts going forward on further consolidation, not only in the Delaware, but I think in the past, you mentioned DJ and other things, just in a broad sense, any colors or comments you might have on that?
Thomas Jorden: Well, I'm probably going to be pretty predictable in my answer. I think consolidation can make great sense. It can make the best sense when the assets that get consolidated are better off in the hands of the consolidator than they are in the original owner. And certainly, our 2 transactions in '18 were all about that. We -- Ward County was better off in the hands of the purchaser. It wasn't competing for capital and they'll pay more attention to it. And we're pretty excited to be bringing in the Resolute assets for the same reason. And so I think consolidation can make sense. Now the consolidation can't be looked at in absence of the price. So we would be very interested in consolidation, but only if it's a value-creation type transaction. So we're always in the hunt. We've been in the hunt for years. We'll continue to be in the hunt. We're delighted to be closing Resolute next week. If there is another one that makes the kind of sense that Resolute does, we'd love to find another bolt-on, but they are few and far between, because we want to create and add value for the Cimarex shareholder.
Neal Dingmann: Great, great details. I thought you'd kind of go down that line. And then one last one maybe for Mark or John, just on overall CapEx of the -- I think the $1.35 billion, $1.45 billion you've got for '19, guys, how much of that is for some of that exploration, either newer plays like Louisiana, I guess, that you've outlined now in the K, or just any other areas?
John Lambuth: Well, this is John. We don't really -- like I said, a, we hardly ever talk about those type of rank wildcat opportunities, but even b, all -- if indeed, we embarked on a particular drilling well, it would be so small relative to $1.35 billion, $1.45 billion, that it would be a rounding error. It's not like we're out there drilling 10 of these wells. They're very strategic and what we do typically, I don't even know that we spend much time in terms of budgeting for them. These are more just unique opportunities that we see. And I would, again, argue that they tend to be more of a rounding error on the overall E&D capital that we lay out for this overall company.
Operator: The next question will come from Betty Jiang of Crdit Suisse.
Betty Jiang: Can you please talk about what type -- some of the activities that you're doing in 2019 in preparation for 2020? It does seems like production growth improves in 2020 for a similar CapEx level. So just wondering if there are some high grading of the program from one asset to another? Or if any high-impact program that you can point to?
John Lambuth: Well, this is John. I guess, all I can tell you is, and is, and I think Joe alluded to this, we have a lot of drilling activity going on towards the latter part of '19 on a number of development projects throughout our Delaware Basin position that will contribute greatly to '20 that do not come on in '19. Some of them are -- yes, some of them are on some very good acreage positions. But I don't know that, that necessarily would lead to a significant change in the oil growth. I do expect over time, but I don't think we've modeled that in, things such as taking advantage of existing infrastructure, and we do look at that, but other than that, I'm not sure what would lead to maybe the conclusion you are coming to. I don't know, Mark, or...?
Mark Burford: I guess I would also comment is that I don't think we see necessarily '20 as being an outsized benefit. '20 and '21, even more in the '21, as our model moves more to full development, and some of that spacing and some of the benefits we do see from -- benefits of multi-pad development in '21 is probably even a bit more of an improvement as opposed to just '20.
Betty Jiang: Got it. No, that's helpful. And then can you talk about how you're thinking about capital allocation split between the Permian and the Mid-Con between 2019? And can we get a sense on what is the activity level needed to keep Mid-Con oil volumes flat?
Thomas Jorden: Well, I can handle the former. I'll let Mark or Joe handle the latter. It's a jump ball here for capital allocation. We really want to generate the greatest value in any given year. And although we have some projects that have great continuity, we look at it fresh every year, and as I say, it's a jump ball. If we have better opportunities for creating value in one basin over another, that's where we want our capital to flow. We've got lots of long-term opportunity in both basins. So that -- we think that's a prudent way to approach it. Particularly to the extent that our assets are held by production and not requiring us to do anything other than flow capital to where it's most productive. So the fact that we're putting 85% of our capital in the Permian this year doesn't necessarily presage what's going to happen in next year.
Karen Acierno: Although I think that the three year plan makes that assumption, but to Tom's point, it's a jump ball. So anything that we would -- any changes we would make, we would think, would make it better.
Thomas Jorden: Mark, you want to...?
Mark Burford: Yes, the only comment I'll make, just on capital, but we do, on the 5-year -- on the three year plan, it does have still a good proportion amount going to the Permian, nearly 80% going to the Permian, and '20 and '21 as well. So as far as the trend has a breakeven oil forecast, I don't have a statistic on what the capital for breakeven Anadarko oil forecast is. But I'll just comment, again, it's still these plans are continually being evolved and as Anadarko were to compete for more capital, these plans would continually evolve. But if anything, they'd be going to be improved as we high-grade and continue to see better opportunities.
Thomas Jorden: Yes, a plan is formed at a particular point in time. So as this point in time looks, yes, we look at the next three years and say it will be overwhelmingly Permian heavy. But as John said earlier in the call, we've really challenged our group to find some things that compete. And if and when they do, our plan gets modified.
Operator: The next question will come from Noel Parks of Coker & Palmer.
Noel Parks: I wanted to just ask you to talk a little bit about Lea County. I know it's a relatively small part of your budget for the year, but in the release, it talked about you have 3 really good wells, Third Bone Spring about, almost 1,500 barrels a day IP. So I was just wondering sort of about your expectations there for you going forward? And as for those wells you reported, I think 30-day IPs, just getting a sense of roughly when those were drilled? Are they just at the beginning of production? Or is this over a number of months?
John Lambuth: This is John. I think the wells we made reference to are all drilled across our Lea County acreage. They're Third Bone Spring wells and most of them were brought on in the middle of the latter part of the fourth quarter. So we achieved 30-day rates, thus we could give you those averages. We still continue to hold a nice inventory. Third Bone Spring drilling, what's really nice about Third Bone Spring, is we talk about this in terms of cycle time, we can drill them one at a time. We don't like to do that, we like to at least do 2 wells, so that we can go multi-pad. But there is great flexibility with that program. The biggest issue you have is just whether your permits and whether you get them lined up soon enough to get that going. We have quite a bit of investment going on in Lea County, not just further Third Bone drilling, but we have a couple of really nice development projects, one that I already mentioned, which is Wolfcamp in Red Hills. And then later in the year, we'll be doing a Avalon development as well in the Red Hills area. So a good portion of our capital is going to Lea County. We see great returns there and we're very pleased with the position we have there.
Noel Parks: That's terrific. I was wondering, just turning a bit back to the Mid-Continent. I know you talked a lot about just the relative economics and everything, but I was just curious, at this -- at this stage of the play of the STACK at Meramec, have we hit a horizon where there is a fair amount of expired leases on the horizon where I was wondering if you were seeing anything like farm-in opportunities for people who can't get to their -- their leases out there, sort of a low-hanging fruit in that play for you?
John Lambuth: This is John. In general, I'd say the answer is no, because at the initiation and the enthusiasm of the STACK play, just about every operator, just like us, went after and drilled at least one well on every section to get at HBP. So for the most part, within the areas that you care about the Meramec, or STACK, I would argue that no, I don't think you're going to see that big a churn, in that most of that acreage now is held by production. And it's just a matter of timing as to when people go forward and develop the acreage.
Thomas Jorden: It's also a fairly active arena for a handful of small, well-funded private equity players.
John Lambuth: It is.
Thomas Jorden: And that's increased competition.
Operator: The next question will come from Mike Scialla of Stifel.
Michael Scialla: Tom, I know you said you can't say anything about the Resolute acquisition, but there seems to be a lot of concern about your projected decline in capital efficiency in 2019 versus '18 and then anticipated improvement in 2020 over 2019. I know Resolute put out an 8-K here recently saying they anticipated first quarter production volumes, at least on the oil side, were actually going to be down from fourth quarter. I assume they kind of put things on hold once the acquisition was put in place, because I know they were forecasting a pretty steep ramp prior to the acquisition. Is it fair to say that some of the capital efficiency changes you are seeing here are in relationship to -- will you are going to have to fight a steep decline when you take over this acquisition? Does that have an influence on the numbers people are seeing there?
Thomas Jorden: Well, I don't know if it has an influence on capital efficiency, but look, we love this asset. We know it well. It's in our focus area in Reeves County. But I want to be clear, Cimarex is going to live within cash flow in 2019. Now the Resolute team did a fantastic job with that asset, but they were also on a fairly significant outspend. And so when we combine those two assets, when I say we're going to live within cash flow and not borrow money, that has an impact on both assets. It just logically does. So you can do the arithmetic and figure out what that means. And we look forward to being able to talk about it in a fuller way at the end of our closing next week. But we'll have a fair amount of activity, but the fact that we're going to live within cash flow and we're committed to that is certainly an overprint here.
Michael Scialla: That makes sense. I want to see if -- I know there's just early data at this point, but anything you can say on Triste Draw, with the 20 wells per section test in the Avalon? And what kind of tests are you planning for the Vaca Draw area in terms of the Avalon? Is it a similar 20-well per section test there?
John Lambuth: Yes, this is John. We obviously are still watching the Triste very carefully. We knew, I'll just be very upfront, we knew going into it that we were pushing the upper limit on spacing there. But sometimes, that's good to do, because I'd rather get that answer right away, so that I can really hone in on what's optimal. I think it's fair to say that for the landing zones we chose for that Avalon test, 20 wells was too tight. But that's okay. We still have a lot of additional acreage, and we're taking that learnings, that we then optimize our plan, say, like I mentioned earlier, for the Vaca Draw section, where we will be developing Avalon. We have not finalized now what that spacing will be in the Avalon. We're looking at the Triste results as well as other competitor results. I hope to, in the coming months, we'll settle on exactly what's the best way to develop that Avalon in that area. What I do know is when properly spaced, Avalon generates some of the best rate of returns out there. It's a phenomenal reservoir for us. But you definitely want to be careful in terms of not overdeveloping it. So we'll take those Triste results and then here in the near future, we'll settle in on what's the right path forward for us, especially with the upcoming Vaca Draw Avalon pilot we're going to -- development pilot that we're going to do this year.
Operator: The last question today will come from Phillip Jungwirth of BMO Capital Markets.
Phillip Jungwirth: I was hoping you could provide some more color on around the performance drivers as outlined on Slide 10. And maybe specifically, hit on the increasing well productivity and the lowering of the production capital cost?
Thomas Jorden: Well, I'll take a stab, and I'm sure others will chime in here. As I look at this list of our performance drivers, certainly, program efficiencies are a big piece. As we go into multi-well development, it really keys off to the third point of leveraging infrastructure. We have a lot of capital required with our program. The fact that our operating costs are so low is really a function of smart investments. And so saltwater disposal is one of those. The right facility sign -- size is another. Taking advantage of multi-well pads, all of those are strong performance drivers. And with development mode, you really can maximize the efficiency and leverage that. Well productivity is still a big part of our story. That's not only on a per well basis, but that's understanding new landing zones. And even a new landing zone can allow you to stagger your wells and make each well more productive. And then we're really focusing on engineering lower costs. We'd love to have lower cost from our vendors, but we're also looking at how can we engineer to shave 5%, 10% off our cost structure. So these are things that are real. They are things that a good learning organization should focus on and we're absolutely focused on that. And Joe or John, do you want to comment on that?
John Lambuth: The only thing I'd add is from my perspective, we've made quite a bit of investments in our infrastructure, to the point now that -- and more importantly, that we've become very comfortable with the full development opportunity of the breath of our acreage that we're at a point now where we can pick and choose where to develop where we maximize the existing infrastructure. That then minimizes our upfront cost as we go forward and bring forward each of these development projects. We are just hitting our stride in that regard. I think more than ever, our drilling program, in some ways, is no longer being driven, say by acreage needs or obligations or maybe even a particular attribute, but more so by our existing infrastructure and taking advantage of that so we can keep our overall per costs down. And Joe, as well...?
Joseph Albi: Yes, all these things we're talking about go into cost efficiencies. And you've heard Tom and John both mention leveraging our infrastructure. I'll give you an example that kind of coincides with us transitioning into smoother completion cadence: Our Brokers Tip and Sir Barton development projects. At the end of the year, we had 28 wells waiting on completion and just 6 coming on here in Q1. We intentionally pushed out those 2 development projects so that we could operate with one frac fleet so that we can make sure that we are fulfilling 100% of our water needs by recycling the water for those projects. In other words, we could have accelerated the crews, but then we would have had to haul water and buy water to finish the deals. So what it ended up doing was, I think it was 2/3 of our total well cost now on the completion side, we're really focusing on how to optimize all those costs. In that case, those wells slide into Q2, it's going to give us a smoother production cadence. It's going to help us save money. The drilling group is constantly focused on days to TD. They're challenging themselves with casing designs. On the completion side, John and our stimulation guys are constantly challenging ourselves on how to get cost down. I mentioned a few statistics that we obtained in that regard. Zipper fracs can save us anywhere from $200,000 to $400,000 per well when we can do them. Recycling, $0.5 million on a Wolfcamp well and what we're doing with local sand is having a big impact on our program, too. So these are all things that are in our working, day to day, with every one of our groups that's focused on cost efficiency.
Phillip Jungwirth: Great. And then in the prepared remarks, you commented about how the number of Delaware wells per section will be fewer in 2019 than some of the second half of '18 pilots. And I was just wondering how much of the change in development is driven by a shift in thinking around balancing rate of return and NPV versus reposition -- or positioning the company for $50 oil or maybe performance of second -- some of the second half pilots?
John Lambuth: Well, I want to make -- this is John, and I'm clear that I believe that in my opening comments, I didn't really, in any way, infer less spacing in the Permian, more so in the Mid-Continent and specifically in the Meramec section, where we're going down anywhere between 3 to 5 sections versus previous expectations people had of 8 to 12. If anything, because of our now opening up this Third Bone Spring interval in Culberson, we would tend to lean more forward to more wells per section in our Delaware position. So I'm not sure what comment you're referring to.
Thomas Jorden: But I'll just follow up that we have a strong economic philosophy on our developments. We are a learning organization, and even as John said, things like the Triste Draw, where we see that we drilled the -- our wells probably in hindsight a little closer than optimum, we don't just look at that like we've touched a hot stove and back off. We study it, we look at the elements of well-to-well interference, both from a rate of return and net present value. And our team was up here last week looking at another Avalon development. And they -- we were just so pleased with the thoroughness they brought to that recommendation. We look forward to sharing some more data on our philosophy there as the year goes on. It's an outgrowth of a lot of the science we've done in the last couple of years. I think you'll find that the conclusions are not obvious and that when you tear it apart and we're able to be more forthcoming with how we view our development, construction and design, I think you'll see that a lot of the effort that we've put into this has been really, really worth it.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Tom Jorden for any closing remarks.
Thomas Jorden: Yes, I just want to thank everybody, there's been some great questions. Hopefully, we provided some color. We look forward to a further update once we get the Resolute acquisition closed, but I want to thank you for your interest and really just congratulate our organization on a great quarter and a great 2018. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co. Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co. John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co. Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.
Analysts: Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Kalei Akamine - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Leo P. Mariani - National Alliance Securities LLC Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Josh Silverstein - Wolfe Research LLC Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC Noel Parks - Coker & Palmer, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Cimarex Energy Second Quarter (sic) [Third Quarter] (00:03) 2018 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference over to Karen Acierno, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thanks, Francesca. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2018 conference call. An updated Cimarex presentation was posted to our website yesterday, so we may be referring to this presentation during the call today. As a reminder, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements on our news release and in our latest 10-Q for the three months ended September 30 which was filed yesterday and our 10-K and other filings for the risk factors associated with our business. So as always, we will begin our prepared remarks with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden, followed by an update on drilling activities, and results from John Lambuth. And then Joe Albi, COO, will update you on operations, including production and well costs. Our CFO, Mark Burford, is here to help answer any questions you may have. And as always so that we may accommodate more of your questions during the hour we have allotted to the call, we'd like to ask you that limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, feel free to get back in the queue if you like. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you, Karen, and thank you to all who are joining us on the call this morning. We're pleased to report that Cimarex had a very good, active third quarter. We invested $500 million in exploration and development activities. $400 million of that was drilling and completion. We completed, flowed back and analyzed some important development projects which furthered our growing understanding of optimum economic development of our reservoirs. We are seeing excellent robust returns on our invested capital. As always, return on invested capital is our guide. Production growth is an outcome of our focus on returns, not a primary driver. Our net daily production averaged 218,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day which was above the high end of our guidance. We averaged 63,909 barrels of oil per day in the quarter which was in line with our guidance. Also, during the quarter, we closed the sale of our Ward County assets and further increased our dividend. We generated strong earnings and cash flow during the quarter and are on track to deliver solid performance during the fourth quarter of 2018 as well. Our definition of solid performance is very good return on invested capital underpinned by seamless field execution. As we complete the transition to development projects, field coordination and timing of multiple moving parts have increased the execution challenges. Our organization has adapted and risen to the challenge with few operational hiccups. Our production ramp continues. We brought 46 wells on line during the third quarter and expect another 34 to be on production by year-end, bringing the total to 119 wells for the year. On a pro forma basis, adjusting for the Ward County sale, we project total production to increase 17% to 18% year-over-year with oil production set to increase 21% to 23% year-over-year. Furthermore, we project that our Q4 2018 oil production will increase 29% to 38% over Q4 2017. Most importantly, this production ramp is a result of a program that is generating outstanding returns. We have the economies of scale to deliver increasing capital efficiency and maintain an industry leading cost structure. Furthermore, we have great confidence that our assets and organization make these results highly repeatable. We are well-positioned for the environment ahead with decades of high quality inventory. We can compete with the best. As our program transitions to one that is dominated by large scale development and we transition to a more repeatable multi-year development pattern in 2020 and beyond, we think establishing a consistent program within cash flow and returning excess cash to shareholders is a prudent approach that fits our business. Our experience tells us that capital programs that expand and contract with rising and falling commodity prices and cash flows leads to inefficiencies. Furthermore, these complex development projects require long lead time for planning, design, permitting and infrastructure. Effective execution requires a multi-year plan. Beginning in 2019, we will formulate our multi-year program budget around a flat NYMEX oil price. This will allow us to plan on consistent, repeatable programs that allow us to maintain and improve capital efficiency. We have the assets for it. We have the organization for it. And as we have demonstrated over the years, we have the discipline for it. Our strong consistent profitability is no accident. As we look ahead, we expect to have an active 2019 with a capital program that modestly outspends cash flow. As we have previously discussed, we'd like to deploy some of the cash on our balance sheet into high return development projects. This is entirely discretionary and driven by the outstanding returns within our portfolio. We can grow our assets and generate cumulative free cash flow over the next three years at a flat $55 WTI price. Keep in mind, we define free cash flow as cash flow from operations less our full exploration and development and midstream capital expenditures. Finally, good science counts in our business. During the year, we've continued our habit of curiosity and continue to collect and analyze data that has led to a deeper understanding of optimum development. Furthermore, we have also studied our competitors' results in each of our operating neighborhoods. We are confident that we have gained a more complete understanding of optimum reservoir development calibrated by both our study of our results and our competitors' results. Our philosophy of optimum development differs from many of our peers. As we have said in the past, optimum development involves a tradeoff between maximizing rate of return and maximizing net present value. We seek to optimize net present value at a discount rate in excess of the standard 10%, such that the last incremental dollar invested competes for capital within our portfolio. Our philosophy here is a direct consequence of our culture of science, innovation, and our relentless focus on value creation. We're ready to go into full development in a manner that creates value and does not over-drill nor under-drill. We invite you to watch us as we further develop our assets. As they say, the proof is in the pudding. I look forward to sharing a more detailed outlook with you soon. With that, I'll turn the call over to John for additional detail.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thanks, Tom. During the third quarter, Cimarex invested $500 million in exploration and development activities of which $400 million was invested in the drilling and completion of new wells. 74% of our drill and complete capital was spent in the Permian region and 26% in the Mid-Continent during the quarter. We brought 120 gross, 46 net wells on production during the quarter and are currently operating 16 gross rigs with 12 in the Permian region and 4 in Mid-Continent. We now have three completion crews working across our acreage. Now, onto some specifics about each region. In the Permian, we brought 40 gross, 26 net wells on line during the third quarter, including 8 wells in the Snowshoe project, an Upper Wolfcamp spacing test in Reeves County, Texas. On line since mid-August, these wells are contributing to our second half production ramp with early results matching our pre-drill expectations. Our second spacing pilot in the Wolfcamp section, the Animal Kingdom, consists of 8 10,000-foot laterals in the Lower Wolfcamp in Culberson County, Texas. These wells which, we are testing the equivalent of 14 wells per section, began producing in late September with all 8 wells contributing to fourth quarter volumes. Moving into Lea County. We have 30-day rates on several exceptional new wells drilled in the Red Hills area. Highlighted on slide 16 of our presentation, you can see the Red Hills Unit 17H. This is a long lateral Upper Wolfcamp well that had a peak 30-day production rate of 3,611 barrels of oil per day, 5,164 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We drilled another long lateral Upper Wolfcamp well called the Vaca Draw 20-17, also in Red Hills, that had at a peak 30-day IP of 3,032 barrels of oil per day, 4,645 barrels of oil equivalent per day. On the same Vaca Draw lease, we also drilled a Leonard well that had a 30-day peak IP of 2,522 barrels of oil per day, 3,413 barrels of oil equivalent, and an Avalon well that had a 30-day peak IP of 2,051 barrels of oil per day, 2,733 barrels of oil equivalent per day, all fantastic long-lateral results. In Northern Lea County, we continue to have good results drilling wells in the Third Bone Spring. The Lea 7 Fed 2H (00:11:03), a one-mile lateral, had a 30-day peak IP of 2,165 barrels of oil per day, 2,638 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And last but not least, we have completed a sixth Upper Wolfcamp well on the western side of Culberson County. The Carry Back 6 State A 1H, which was our first lateral landed in the ex sand (00:11:20), had a 30-day peak IP of 2,446 barrels of oil per day, 4,220 barrels of oil equivalent per day. That brings our average on the wells drilled in this area to 1,933 barrels of oil per day, 3,427 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As we look ahead, the Delaware Basin holds a vast opportunity for Cimarex. The 12 rigs we currently have running are drilling multiple development projects across our acreage position. We look forward to giving you more details on these projects when we announce our 2019 plans. Now onto the Mid-Continent, completion operations are finished on the Meramec Steve-O development project which consisted of six 10,000 foot laterals stack staggered in two benches. This pilot which is currently flowing back, is testing the equivalent of eight wells per section spacing. We are now currently drilling or completing on four additional Meramec development projects across our acreage position with first production expected from these new projects in the first quarter of 2019. In the Woodford Lone Rock area, the Shelly and JD Hoppinscotch spacing pilots began production in the third quarter, with both contributing to our end of the year production ramp. We also drilled and brought on two impressive 5,000 foot laterals in the liquid rich portion of Lone Rock. The Sweeny 8-24H achieved a 30-day peak rate of 1,755 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 667 barrels of oil per day while the Kim Anderson Farm 1-23H had a peak rate of 2,164 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 717 barrels of oil per day. And then finally, we are also getting ready to commence drilling in the Woodford on our Leota section located in the liquid rich 13 North-8 West Area. This 11 well, long lateral development project would begin drilling by year's end with completion of the wells currently scheduled in the second quarter of 2019. With that I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you, John and thank you all for joining us on our call today. I'll touch on the unusual items. Our third quarter production, our Q4 and resulting full year production guidance, and then I'll follow up with a few comments on LOE and service costs. With the reported net daily equivalent volume of 218,600 BOEs per day, we had another solid quarter for production in Q3, beating the upper end of our guidance range of 206,000 to 215,000 BOEs per day and once again setting a new company record for equivalent production. Our guidance beat was driven primarily by NGL volumes which came in higher than forecasted. With 46 net wells coming on line during the quarter, our Q3 oil volume came in at 63,900 barrels per day, slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range of 61,500 to 64,500 barrels per day. We remain on track with our projected ramp up in completion cadence during the second half of the year. Year-to-date through Q3, we've completed a total of 84 net wells with more than half coming on line this past quarter. We're forecasting another 34 to come on line in Q4, resulting in a total of 118 net wells for the year. This is six fewer wells than we quoted last call, primarily related to completion timing and scheduling changes. Even with the slight changes, our strong completion momentum which began in September is projected to significantly ramp up our Q4 volumes. Our updated model is projecting Q4 net equivalent daily volumes to average 238,000 to 247,000 barrels equivalent per day, with Q4 oil volumes in the range of 73,000 to 78,000 barrels per day, giving us an oil midpoint just above the low end of the range that we quoted last call. This slight shift in our Q4 oil guide is solely related to slight timing adjustments and not due to any change in anticipated well performance, With early estimates for October on the oil side of production now just coming in, we have high confidence in our current Q4 oil guidance range. Adjusting for the Ward County asset sale, our Q4 2018 equivalent volume guidance range is forecasted to be up 23% to 28% over Q4 2017 with our Q4 2018 oil guidance up 29% to 38% over Q4 2017 oil volumes. For the year, we're projecting total equivalent volumes of 218,000 to 221,000 BOEs per day with oil volumes in the range of 66,000 to 67,200 barrels per day, in line with our estimates last quarter of 214,000 to 221,000 BOEs per day for equivalent production and 66,000 to 68,000 barrels of oil per day for oil production. Jumping to OpEx, our Q3 lifting cost came in at $3.79 per BOE, that's slightly below the low end of our guidance range of $3.80 to $4.30 and down $0.33 per BOE from where we were in Q2. Although we continue to see cost pressures on items such as saltwater disposal, compression and power and fuel, with the closing of our higher production cost Ward County properties now behind us and our focus on controlling LOE, we've dropped our projected lifting cost guidance to $3.35 to $3.80 per BOE. And lastly, some comments on drilling and completion cost. On the drilling side, we've recently seen rig rates go up 10% to 15%. And we've also seen some minor cost pressures in items such as diesel and oil-based mud. That said, with our focus on efficiencies, the drilling portion of our AFEs have stayed mostly in check. On the completion side, we've seen some recent softening in service cost and have also realized additional cost savings through local sand sourcing in both the Permian and in the Mid-Continent. And as a result, through operational efficiencies, local sand sourcing and water recycling, we've lowered our total well cost AFEs. In the Permian, depending on area, interval, facility design and frac logistics, our current Wolfcamp 2-mile AFEs are running $10.9 million to $13.4 million. That's down $100,000 from our estimate last call. Our deeper 1-mile New Mexico Bone Spring AFEs in Northern Eddy and Lea Counties are also down about $100,000 from last quarter with a range of $6.9 million to $8.4 million. In our East Lone Rock area, with the benefits of local sand pricing, our 1-mile lateral Woodford AFEs are running $7.3 million to $7.8 million. That's down $200,000 from last quarter. And with local sand pricing and a refined completion design, we've lowered our 2-mile Meramec AFE $1 million from last quarter with a range of $10.5 million to $12 million. So in closing, we're coming off a great third quarter. We beat the upper end of our Q3 equivalent volume guidance. Our Q3 oil production came in above our guidance mid-point. We're projecting pro forma Q4 2018 oil growth of 29% to 38% over Q4 2017. Our lifting cost and our total well costs are down from last quarter and our drilling program continues to churn out favorable results. So with that, we'll open it up for question and answer.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question comes from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, everyone. Can you hear me okay?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. Thank you.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, Tom. I was hoping you'd just give a little bit more color on that multi-year planning process you spoke about in terms of lead times from spud to first production. How many wells per pad you typically have and how much (20:30) on those bigger pads in general? And then you mentioned a kind of static commodity price for that multi-year budgeting process. If you have a price in mind there, that'd be helpful to hear.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, there's a boat load of questions in there, Drew.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sorry, Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: We're certainly looking at multi-year planning because it's what our business guides us to. These development projects take a lot of coordination of multiple moving parts. And if you look at  it's one thing to say you put it on paper and you say we're going to drill 12, 18, I mean, you pick the number of wells, but by the time you look at the various elements that have to come together so it's all coordinated and ready when you're flipping the valve on first sales, it's a lot of moving parts and we need a long lead time to plan, to innovate, to design, to debate. And so, annual planning cycles don't fit our business anymore. We've always carried multi-year plans but we've just been hesitant to commit to multi-year plans. Well, the world is changing and we change with it. We're at a point now where we're willing to say that we'll commit to multi-year programs, and in doing so we'll underpin that with an estimate of our cash flow and cash available to invest that's based on a price file we feel good about. Now, we deliberately didn't give a number. I will say that the budgeting price file's going to be a flat NYMEX price that's below the current strip average to leave us a little cushion so that we can plan and deliver that capital program we execute on. So, the particular number is less important than the fact that I think you can count on it being a number that's conservative and leaves us some room for downside fluctuation in our cash flow. As far as your question on how many wells, that is going to be area-by-area, section-by-section. I mean, I really want to underscore what I said in our opening remarks. We have learned a tremendous amount about managing these reservoirs and we really want to go for optimum development. And that will change over a play. It can change over the course of one or two miles. But we don't want to leave any stranded assets. We don't want to leave any stranded value. And you're going to see us embark on fairly robust, well-planned, well-executed development.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for that, Tom. As a follow-up, the operational results were very impressive this quarter. Lea County, in particular, stood out in my mind. Is that an area you would expect to increase activity in 2019? And maybe you can just talk more broadly about the whole program. I think you've had a wealth of learnings this year probably from your program as far as which areas really stood out in terms of surprising to the upside or just being bright spots within the portfolio that would draw more capital next year.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, Drew. This is John Lambuth. As we stated in the past, we've always known that Red Hills is a very attractive investment opportunity for us and that's been demonstrated by the wells we just brought on. I don't think they were that big of a surprise. I mean there's a lot of other competitors drilling around us, but I would say with our frac design and the way we go about it, yeah, we're very pleased with that area and we do expect to invest some additional capital in that area along with our other very high rate return areas like Culberson and Reeves, and other parts of New Mexico. The other thing we still are exploring, even within there, and all of our assets in the Permian, we're still looking at other landing zones. As Tom alluded to when we get the full development, we want to make sure that we are capturing all the resource potential there. And so in each of our areas we still continue to do that as evidenced by the Carry Back well that I announced which was that ex sand (00:24:44) landing in Culberson. And that's a very key part of our program. As Tom said, to make sure when we go to development we're not leaving any resource behind.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Scialla of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, good morning, everybody.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Morning.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Morning.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wanted to follow up on the multi-year plan. Is that something you're willing to share with investors and Tom, you mentioned part of that would be returning cash to investors. Is the preference there for a dividend increase or would you be willing to have a share buyback program as part of that?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, the first answer is yes. I don't know how granular we'll be, but we will be communicating what our outlook looks like and that includes a multiyear. As always, these things are subject to change and that's one of the things that has always led to some hesitancy on us. But if we're going to commit to it internally, we'll communicate it. I think that's only fair. As far as returning cash to shareholders, nothing's off the table and that's always been our position. We certainly want to have a healthy and growing dividend, and who's to say what that means in the future. I mean, I think one of the things that we'll say is we find dividends to be more sustainable, more predictable from an investor standpoint but nothing is off the table. If we have excess cash, we think it's fair that our owners would expect us to share that with them.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Very good. Thanks. And then, I want to ask on just your development. You said you're part of this three-year plan is by 2020 it sounds like you're going to be well into full development in most of your areas. Can you say where you are right now in terms of development versus delineation. I don't know how to  if it's in terms of number of wells that you're bringing on percentage wise. I guess, when I look at your well performance I don't know if I'm comparing apples-to-apples when I compare it to peers. My gut feeling is you're further along in the development and you're drilling more development wells than a lot of your peers are at this point.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, we're always going to be learning as we go and with John's comment on new landing zones, that's an important point. That Carry Back well was a landing zone that was new to us, at least in Culberson County. We continue to be surprised by additional landing zones and the challenge is with the reservoirs that we currently have and currently understand, we could go in full development mode with a high degree of confidence that we would understand the required well spacing and do it in a way that's prudent and not wasteful. Now, we probably couldn't have said that 12 or 18 months ago. But today, we have a high degree of confidence that whether we're talking about the Woodford, the Wolfcamp or I'll even add the Meramec, we really have a high degree of confidence that if we were to go into development, which we are, that we'll space those reservoirs appropriately. Challenge is, we're still getting surprised to the upside with some of these new landing zones, a number of which we haven't discussed and aren't ready to discuss. But when you have a new landing zone, if it's in hydraulic communication with the reservoirs you're developing, you need to incorporate that upfront. So, there are areas where we're ready to roll and over the next few years that will certainly populate our program and we'll have a high degree of confidence. But our assets continue to surprise us to the upside and that's an exciting thing to be able to say to you.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kalei Akamine - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is Kalei Akamine on for Doug.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Good morning.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Good morning.
Kalei Akamine - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, Permian production in the quarter was flat despite bringing on two times more wells as in the prior quarter. Just wondering what was holding back growth in this quarter? And here in 4Q, you're slacking frac capacity. What's the rationale there? Will 4Q be drilling-focused and 1Q be more completions-focused? And can we expect this cadence quarter-in, quarter-out through 2019?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. This is Joe. With regard to your question about the Permian completion count, most of those wells were completed in the later part of the third quarter and have a cleanup profile associated with them. So the majority of their production is obviously contributing more to the fourth quarter than it was the third. So you've got that timing built into all that. And as far as the frac utilization, our plans are to continue with the three frac leads that John mentioned in his call for the remainder of this year to knock out the majority of the wells that we had scheduled for the fourth quarter. And on that note, I'd mention that about half of those 34 that we mentioned for Q4 have already been fracked.
Kalei Akamine - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. How do you guys think about maintaining your operational momentum? Does it at all hurt you to rotate the frac crews in and out? Surely at some point, you'll be picking up additional frac crews.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. This is Tom. We really do like to have a consistent operational footprint. Doing herky-jerky, bringing crews in and out really does lead to lowered operational efficiency. And just to your prior question, our goal here is to get our program to one that's more consistent on well count quarter by quarter. We really see that as in our benefit operationally. It's going to take us a little time to transition into that but certainly as we look ahead, we're going to be achieving a more uniform quarterly cadence.
Kalei Akamine - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for that. And for my follow-up, just on NGLs. So this was a really strong quarter where realizations beat across the board, particularly for NGLs. Obviously, there is a price disparity between Conway and Belvieu. Can you talk about your ability to sell into premium markets and find premium pricing? And as a broader comment, can you talk about the status of the industry frac capacity whether they're full or not? And do you see this being a bottleneck to near-term growth?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. This is Joe. Our  as we mentioned in our prior calls, all of our NGLs are  the sale of which are linked to processing facilities with whom we have either purchased or backed firm or established long-term sales arrangements in place. So with regard to concerns about constraints, we feel very confident there. I think you saw today, there was an announcement about an additional 55,000 barrels a day of capacity being expanded in Texas and Louisiana. That's on top of that entity's recent 150,000 barrel a day announced expansion. So to tell you what the outlook is going to be for the industry from a frac space standpoint, I can't give you the exact numbers but what I can tell you is that we feel that our products are adequately covered, number one. And we're seeing a number of these brownfield projects hit the radar just like we saw in gas and oil that hopefully get us through this tight space.
Kalei Akamine - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for answering my questions, guys. We'll look forward to seeing you next week in Miami.
Operator: The next question is from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. Results from Devon's Mid-Con spacing test north and northeast of your 14N-10W area lead them to conclude four to eight wells per section, Upper Meramec targeting and flowback control will best enhance capital efficiency, production volumes and advantaged oil cut. I don't typically ask comparative questions about other companies' results, but I know that Cimarex and Devon have a relationship and I am guessing you were either involved in some of these tests or were watching them closely. So I was curious about your view of their conclusions. And I noticed that their numbers seemed very consistent with some of the ongoing tests that you're conducting that are broadly in the area.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. This is John Lambuth. You are correct in that we do have line of sight to Devon's operations. And that particular one you're mentioning, we have analyzed their data and we see the well results there. I would just simply say, our go forward model in the Meramec is basically three to five wells per section and that's where we are. In order to achieve a maximum PV rate of return as Tom mentioned, we are at three to five wells per section.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. That's on our assets. That's not to speak to anybody else's assets. We don't have overlap.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Right.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: But we're pretty confident. And I'll just say one other thing. As I've said in the past, we love the Meramec. We're getting outstanding returns in the play. We are also carrying a fairly low entry cost into the play. And it is competing for capital with the best of the best. We are and have had outstanding results in the Meramec. But clearly from John's answer, the well spacing is probably a little less than I think what was initially represented, not for Cimarex but perhaps by others. And our go forward is full steam ahead and we're very enthusiastic about the play.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Well, I appreciate that color. And just as a quick follow up to that question. Am I correct when I look at the  let me make sure I give you right slide here. When I look at slide 19, it looks like that you're testing a little bit tighter spacing in the Lone Rock area, which of course is pretty far away from where we're talking about right now. Is that correct?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, it is except  what you're alluding to. Lone Rock is Woodford drilling and not Mississippi and our Meramec drilling. So that's a different spacing, okay?
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Right. So we're basically, we're saying that the Woodford may potentially be able to support tighter spacing but the view on the Meramec is three to five going forward?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. No, Woodford spacing is without a doubt much tighter. In fact, as I alluded in remarks. Our next big development project which is Leota we'll be drilling 11 additional wells in that section, in addition to the parents, so that's 12 wells per section in the Woodford. So yes, much tighter spacing, and we do that with very great confidence in our expectation of well results there.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: And I just want to add when we quote three to five, that's an average over the bulk of our assets. I mean there are places where you're going to have eight so we're not we're not saying that the reservoir won't support that but we're talking about the way we view the play on average.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: No, understood. All these plays have oil sweet spots but I follow you. And if I could ask as a follow up question, and again I want to make sure I'm interpreting this correctly, when I look at slide 16 and all the little colored dots on there it looks like that Vaca Draw is the only area where you've actually tested three zones within roughly a fairly close together area. And I was just wondering, I mean they're being developed in some proximity. I was wondering is this  moving forward is this a simultaneous multi-zone approach. Could there be one in the future or are these always going to sort of be discrete from each other?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I would say number one we're not alone out here that a lot of our competitors have tested many of these zones in addition to us. So we have a lot information from them that tells us what's prospective or not. And then secondly we see a lot  I mean there's optionality that we can develop Upper Wolfcamp independent of, say, Avalon, independent of Bone Spring. So we don't see that they have to be co-developed. We tend to think of it more that we would do one bench. And then as those decline off, take advantage of our infrastructure and then come in and do the follow-up bench.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Great. So yeah, that's very good color. I appreciate that. And you're right, there's no question it's a very active area with great results. So thank you, again. Congratulations on the quarter.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Matt Portillo of TPH. Please go ahead.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning, all.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi, Matt.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Good morning.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just one quick question for me. Tom, you have a large cash balance build post the sale of your Ward County asset and a capital program that appears to be inflecting towards a fairly material free cash flow profile beyond 2019. Just curious how you guys are looking at the potential use of proceeds from that asset sale, especially given your under-levered balance sheet and an equity that's trading at a steep discount to long-term value.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, that's certainly a question and we've had it before. And we'll deploy some portion of that cash in 2019. I've already said that. And that will  depending on what happens with our cash flow in 2019, we'll have cash balance on our balance sheet at the end of the year. Matt, all I can tell you is we're going to be opportunistic. We're going to be disciplined. And I would rarely say trust me, but I'm going to say that here, that we've had a long history of making good, prudent decisions with our shareholders' money and we will do that. There's lots of things that are on the table and nothing is off the table. I said that in my opening remarks that would be  certainly deploying the capital, but also returning it to shareholders remains on the table. So I think you can count on us using that cash prudently. The fact that I don't have a specific answer, specific for you this morning is just something I'm going to have to tell you trust us.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you. We'll look forward to some incremental color in 2019. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Leo Mariani of NatAlliance Securities. Please go ahead.
Leo P. Mariani - National Alliance Securities LLC: Hey, guys. I was hoping to dig in a little bit more to some of these very strong well results you had in New Mexico. I know you guys said that you weren't surprised by them; obviously there's been some very strong industry results. But just curious to see if there were any major changes maybe made to drilling or completion design over the last say several months which kind of led to better wells. What can you sort of tell us about that?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, this is John. I would just say as a follow-up to what Tom said, we do a lot of science on our completions, our design of our completions and I think that shows through with our well results. I think we are top notch when it comes to how we design our frac designs. And I think the proof is in those results themselves. So I'm very proud of our team and to be fair, we do learn a lot from our neighbors. I mean we keep an eye on our neighbors and how they drill their wells, where they land them, how they complete them. And I think that shows through with these results we have here.
Leo P. Mariani - National Alliance Securities LLC: Okay. And I guess just want to go back to last quarter's call, where I think you guys talked about potentially slowing down Permian completions a little bit in 2019 if diffs were wide. I guess we're now in a position where diffs have narrowed considerably. Just wanted to get a sense of sort of where we stand on that.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, what I communicated poorly in the last call was that any incremental activity in the Permian wouldn't show up till second half when diffs would narrow. We ran a lot of sensitivities around having our activity mirror this diff and we came to the conclusion that that's chasing our tail. So we're forging ahead with a consistent level of activity. We're delighted to see that the differentials have narrowed as they were predicted. I think as we talked at the time, we thought some of the fear that was baked into that was perhaps emotional rather than data driven. But we're going to live through it and we're glad to see them narrow.
Leo P. Mariani - National Alliance Securities LLC: All right. Thank you for the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hall of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks. Congrats on a very solid update. I just wanted to I guess kind of come back to this multi-year planning process and kind of think about it I guess in the context of the current program as well as some of the disclosures you guys have in the deck, I think slide 30. That growth sensitivity case is a good bit below the current capital program. I mean, on our numbers on the strip, you have a pretty modest little outspend if you keep a similar looking capital program next year than this year. So I guess I'm just trying to think through like, are  is this slide 30 intended to anchor us in any particular place? If not, then like how should we think about the program going for  relative to how much free cash flow you really want to be generating on a go-forward basis? Are there any sort of target metrics we can calibrate around  or just any additional thought process on how much free cash flow you guys are contemplating would be helpful.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, the slide 30, the $1.2 billion on growth sensitivity or the $700 million on maintenance CapEx, that's drilling and completion capital. And so, when you look at our total capital, it includes  we always look at total capital when we talk about our top level returns. But I'm going to sound like a broken record, which is one of my most charming traits. We don't target growth; we target investing capital prudently. And so, when we look at multi-year plans and we talk about doing that on a flat case such that we can commit to those plans, that's really about giving ourselves the opportunity to deliver outstanding returns as we go into development mode. Now, the nice thing is  and we will be giving you some additional color on this when we can and not  but we've got a very, very good outlook. We can grow significantly, investing significant amounts of capital in a cash flow program that's healthy, robust at fairly modest commodity price assumptions. So we don't really have upper or lower bounds on our desire to grow. What we want to do is invest our shareholders' money to get industry-leading returns. Our profitability, our return on capital employed, and our history, I think, speaks to that and we're not changing our stripes.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. I guess, as a follow-up, maybe I'll come more near term, you guys have a lot of wells obviously that came on here in the third quarter, a lot of wells coming on in the fourth quarter, a pretty big uptick on oil production. Is that level of oil production sustainable do you think as we head into the first half of 2019, let's say? I'm just trying to think through how sustainable you see that.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. This is Joe. I'll take a stab at that. I mean, we're not going to be talking about 2019 oil volumes in this call. But what we are seeing, I mentioned in my initial discussion that we had some early results for October and those early results for October give us very high confidence in the volumes that we're quoting here for Q4. We've obviously tapered down our completion activity, dropping from six frac fleets and down to our current level, three. So, some of that's going to play into the tail end of Q4 and into early 2019.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. Thanks for the time.
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Silverstein of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Silverstein - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, guys. A lot of questions have been asked already but you mentioned a little bit of the transition to get you on this consistent path. Is that something that comes in the first half of 2019 where it's a bit of a flatter outlook, that then puts you on a bigger ramp towards 2020 and then starts the consistency in growth then?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, we really haven't given any color on 2019. And we'll do so soon, but not  we're not ready on this call. But what I said is ideally when we get to steady state in a perfect world, we'd have steady state quarter by quarter by quarter and have a level of activity and well completions that are evened out and not subject to large ramps during the year. It's going to take us two or three quarters to get there. So although  I say that, let us defer that to when we show you our 2019 capital plans. But if I leave you with the only answer we can definitively give you today is that we are committed to that goal and we're going to get there.
Josh Silverstein - Wolfe Research LLC: Got it. And then just in terms of the consistency as far as activity goes or growth goes, is it more consistency in terms of at a flat crude oil price the rig count is going to stay or well count is going to stay at a certain level, or can  if we're assuming $55, does the rig count still grow and then free cash flow continues to grow with it?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, we do have the ability to grow our cash flow and we have the ability to grow our program. But it's going to be a function of things that we don't foresee. It's certainly a function of outlook on commodity prices. It's a function of supply and demand. It's a function of our outlook on our business and what our assets deliver. I mean, we do have the optionality to grow fairly significantly within our cash flow. So I'm not answering your question, but what I want you to take away from that is that it's at our discretion.
Josh Silverstein - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Got it. And I guess maybe just in terms of capital allocation, is there any reason to think it would shift much from what it's been in 2018 going forward or is it still kind of roughly that maybe 70-30 split, around there?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, this is John, and again we're not really talking about 2019. But as Tom said earlier, we chase the best returns. And right now, given commodity prices being where they are with oil and gas, our top flight returns are in the Delaware Basin which is reflective of how our capital is going there. That's not to say again we do have excellent return opportunities in Anadarko such as the Meramec and such as the Leota project that we announced. But by far, the larger inventory of that is in the Delaware and that's reflective of what we're doing now. And I would just say if prices stay about where they are, it'd probably be reflective how we go forward.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. But as we said in the past, if we rank our top 10 type curves, typically three or four of them are in the Anadarko Basin and six or seven are in the Delaware Basin. So our capital allocation is directly consistent with our returns and every, every, every well we drill has competed for capital to get on our schedule.
Josh Silverstein - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Kelly of Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Good morning.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Good morning.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Historically, I think you've provided some really insightful thoughts on M&A and E&D (00:50:54) in the market and quite honestly some really good sound bites too. And I'd love to hear kind of your current thoughts. It seems like the dynamics may have changed a little bit in the last year and there's some smaller producers would seem to have hold really kind of high quality positions, willing to take stock, this idea of scale being a big benefit is there. Just wondering how your thoughts have evolved and if that's part of the optionality equation as you go forward. Thanks.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, that's always been an optionality part of our business. The  as we've said in the past, the challenges for a company that focuses on full cycle returns, fully burdened returns, that upfront cost is an important part of the equation. But we are always on the hunt for assets and we're always in the hunt for things that fit us strategically. We're always in the hunt for things that make sense with our existing program and we'll continue to do so. Very hard to predict  I mean, a specific answer to your question, these things tend to be episodic or at least with us they are because our core business is about return on invested capital and  but we're going to maintain an opportunistic focus and who knows.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. All right, fair enough. And for my follow up, I was interested in your comments where you said, one of the things that, I won't say hold you back, but certainly you have to consider when you move into this full development program is the upside associated with additional zones. And was just curious looking at the map here for you guys if there's any areas in particular where you have to be more cognizant on that front and might preclude you from entering into that full development mode come 2019.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I would first say, that's the beauty of the Delaware Basin. It's so rich in hydrocarbons throughout that section, that's why at times, we are cautious. But then that said, what helps us is when we determine what we know are zones  we're able to delineate because of what we call a frac area. We say, okay, that's good. No matter what happens above it. That's a zone that's good. So we have some areas there where we know, say, in Reeves County. We feel very strongly about what that hydrocarbon zone is now. We feel very good about going to develop it. Contrast that with Culberson where we consistently keep moving those wells up because there is no natural frac barrier and we're just trying to ultimately define how high is that hydrocarbon column. So it varies depending upon our acreage position, but again it's something we're very cognizant of and trying to address as quick as we can before we get to development mode.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The last question comes from Noel Parks from Coker Palmer Institutional. Please go ahead.
Noel Parks - Coker & Palmer, Inc.: Hey. Good morning. I wanted to talk a little bit regarding the long-term planning about the cost side. And if you want to talk about the Delaware, that's fine. But I guess I was thinking a little bit more about the STACK, particularly the Meramec. As you do your planning and run it out through multiple years, how far are we from the point where on the cost side you kind of hit that plateau of bringing costs down where the well cost equation kind of becomes steady state going forward? Is that something that's close, a matter of quarters, is that something that because of the learning curve is longer? Do you have any thoughts on that?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. This is Joe. I guess I'll take a stab at it. The fact of the matter is that our well costs even through this increase in price cycle that we've just last seen have managed to stay fairly flat. And I just quoted to you that they've dropped here in the fourth quarter due to efficiencies. Our organization does realize that two-thirds of our total well costs are in the completion stage and that's why you see  you hear the comments that John just made about us continuing to challenge our organization with regards to how to optimize those costs. And that's not just reducing cost; it's what kind of result do you get for the dollars you spend. And as we go forward in our planning cycle, we look at current AFEs, we look at if there was to be inflation to those AFEs and we also look at the possibility if we were to cut costs, what that could equate to from a cash flow standpoint. So just like pricing, we look at the cost cycle in pretty much the same manner.
Noel Parks - Coker & Palmer, Inc.: Great. And turning to the Permian, again, regarding your planning, do you assume a certain year or certain range of years where sort of like the infrastructure build out there by the industry is more or less done. So what you model now especially considering your differentials in third quarter, what we're seeing today certainly isn't steady state. Do you have an assumption out there for when sort of infrastructure variability is more or less off the table for good?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is Joe again. We don't try to tie our well plan into some kind of prediction for what that infrastructure might look like from a larger scale takeaway perspective. What we do internally is understand what the volumes that we're projecting that are associated with our capital plan are going to be and on what systems, and do everything we can to ensure the takeaway of those products. So I don't know if that fully answers your question but that is how we internally predict our volumes of sales.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: We will expect things to be steady state sometime after world peace and the U.S. population largely loves our industry that we'll look for that after those things occur.
Noel Parks - Coker & Palmer, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tom Jorden for any closing remarks.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. So, I want to thank everybody for your participation. And I just want to leave you, if you take nothing away from our call, I hope that perhaps we've reminded you that we're a company that focuses on our business, focuses on execution, focuses on real measurable value creation and really are good stewards of our fantastic assets. I really appreciate the great questions you've asked, and we look forward to continuing and deliver results we can talk about in the future. Thank you.
Operator: The conference call has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-27 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges - Chairman, President & CEO Jeffrey Hutton - SVP, Marketing Matthew Kerin - VP & Treasurer Scott Schroeder - CFO
Analysts: Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley Leo Mariani - NatAlliance Securities Charles Meade - Johnson Rice Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Bob Morris - Citi Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs David Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Jane Trotsenko - Stifel Michael Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors Sameer Panjwani - Tudor, Pickering, Holt
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Garry, and good morning to all. Thanks for joining us today for Cabot's second quarter 2018 earnings call. With me today are the members of Cabot's executive team. I would first like to emphasize that on this morning's call, we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Also, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers, as well as reconciliations of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in this morning's earnings release. For the second quarter of 2018, Cabot generated adjusted net income of $57.9 million or $0.13 per share, compared to $0.14 per share for the prior year comparable quarter. Our adjusted net income for the quarter was impacted by $51.1 million exploration dry hole expense resulting from our decision to cease investment on one of our two exploratory operating areas. Excluding this one-time charge, our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter would have been approximately $0.09 higher. Daily equivalent production for the quarter was 1.895 Bcfe per day, which came in at the high end of our guidance range and represented a sequential increase of 4% relative to the first quarter when adjusting for the Eagle Ford Shale that closed at the end of February. Our unit cost continued to improve as we posted an 8% decline in cost relative to the prior year comparable quarter. Excluding the previously mentioned exploratory dry hole expense and a onetime noncash interest expense related to income tax reserves, our unit cost would have improved by 24% relative to prior year comparable period and by 4% sequentially relative to the first quarter of 2018. Despite strong production volumes continued improvement in our cash operating cost, the Company did generate a free cash flow deficit during the second quarter, driven primarily by lower than anticipated realized prices in May and June and the funding of the majority of the remaining capital associated with our equity investment in Atlantic Sunrise pipeline project. We anticipate a return to positive free flow generation in the third quarter based on our expectations of improved price realizations and higher volumes. On the pricing front, I would highlight that while May and June bid week prices were about 18% lower than April, which placed downward pressure on our realized prices for the quarter. We have seen an improvement in Northeast Pennsylvania pricing with July bid week prices settling 15% higher than the second quarter average and early indications imply August prices will look similar to July. Based on the forward curve, our third quarter differentials would be 10% to 15% better than the second quarter. On our share repurchase program there in the second quarter of 2018, Cabot did repurchase an additional 11.6 million shares at a weighted average price of $23.54, bringing our year-to-date total to 20 million shares repurchased. Including our year-to-date dividend payments, we have returned approximately $535 million of capital this year represented a total shareholder yield of 5%. At our board meeting yesterday, we obtained approval to increase our authorization by an additional 20 million shares, which effectively reloaded program back to 30 million shares or approximately 7% of our current shares outstanding. Given our strong balance sheet and our outlook for continued free cash flow expansion, we remain committed to opportunistically executing on our share repurchase program as long as we continue to see a disconnect between our share price and our view on the Company's intrinsic value. Since we reactivated our share repurchase program in the second quarter of 2017, we have reduced our shares outstanding by 5% to 441 million shares and assuming we fully execute on the current 30 million authorization. We will reduce shares outstanding to levels lower than before our equity issues in early 2016. Moving to the exploration front, as I mentioned, during the second quarter, we recorded an exploratory dry hole expense associated with one of our two exploratory operating areas. Based on the data we gathered over the last year, we have ultimately made the decision to cease capital allocation to this area. Over a year ago, we announced our intention to allocate a nominal amount of capital to exploration. We were clear with the market that our primary focus was on generating returns focused growth from the Marcellus shale and returning an increasing portion of capital to shareholders via dividend and share repurchases. However, at the same time, we did see the merit in allocating a limited portion of our capital budget to testing new concepts that have the potential to create long-term value. We're also very clear that we have an extremely high hurdle for capital allocation internally given the returns we generate from our world-class asset in the Marcellus. If a new venture did not generate competitive full cycle rates return, provide meaningful inventory depth and resource life and the ability to be self funding in a low commodity price environment and we would have no problem walking away, and that is where we find ourselves today as it relates to this exploratory area. We will also continue to test our second exploratory area and plan to provide an update on this area on the third quarter 2018 earnings call in October. Our financial position remains strong as ever with over 2.4 billion of liquidity and a net debt to trailing 12 month EBITDAX ratio of 0.8 times at quarter end. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we did close on our previously announced Haynesville divestiture for approximately $30 million. Additionally, we paid down our $230 million 6.5% senior note that matured this month with cash from the balance sheet. While this transaction had no impact on net debt to EBITDAX, it did improve our absolute debt to EBITDAX from 1.5 times to 1.3 times, which is right in the fairway of our target leverage range of 1 to 1.5 times. We are forecasting a continued deleveraging over time as our cash flows expand in the coming quarters driven by increased production volumes and improving price differentials resulting in additional balance sheet capacity for future capital deployment. Operationally, we delivered another strong performance in the Marcellus during the second quarter with volumes up 4% sequentially despite meaningful downtimes both planned and unplanned throughout the quarter. Our production guidance for the third quarter of 2.1 to 2.2 Bcf per day of net production represents an 11% to 16% sequential increase relative the second quarter and is driven by our expectations of placing 37 wells on production throughout the quarter. Due to our year-to-date actual volumes being slightly lower than originally budgeted primarily resulting from delays in third-party compressor stations in the first quarter and downtime on Transco and Millennium during the second quarter, we have lowered the top end of our annual production guidance range from 10% to 15% to 10% to 12%. Additionally, we're guiding more conservatively for the second half of the year given our unprecedented ramp in production that's occurring during a time a year when we tend to see some issues with high line pressure and pipeline maintenance. As a result, we are much rather air on the side of the conservatism. As it relates to our asset productivity, we continue to complete additional wells in the Upper Marcellus together more data related to our enhanced Gen 5 well completions. As we have highlighted previously, we have 30 Upper Marcellus wells that were completed with older completion designs that are on average tracking our 2.9. Bcf per thousand lateral feet type curve. Our ongoing work continues to support the unique and incremental Upper Marcellus reservoir independent of the lower Marcellus. We are extremely confident in our resource potential in both the upper and lower Marcellus and that both zones productivity will deliver top tier economics when compared to the vast majority, if not all, oil and gas resource plays across the U.S. As we reported last quarter, we have enjoyed significant progress on multiple fronts regarding infrastructure and our in-basin demand projects. As a short recap, we announced the Dominion Cove Point LNG facility was placed in-service April 9th and the subsequent notification that our 20 year supply agreement with Pacific Summit Energy is now in effect. We have been fulfilling that obligation through a combination of purchase staff and equity production. As I'm sure you are aware, William last week announced Atlantic Sunrise project is very near completion, and their expectations fall in-service subject to weather conditions is during the second half of August. This new greenfield pipeline is Cabot's unique transportation path to supply 100% of our LNG commitment with a direct connection to Cobot's equity production and Susquehanna County. We are excited to deliver approximately 350 million per day via Atlantic Sunrise to Cove Point in the very near future. Additionally, let me remind everyone that Cabot's 15 year agreement with Washington Gas Light for approximately 500 million cubic foot per day along with several additional sales agreement will also take effect with the in-service of Atlantic Sunrise project. In summary, this long-awaited new pipeline infrastructure positions Cabot to deliver approximately 1 Bcf per day of production to new markets with significantly better price realizations. Moving on to our in-basin power projects. First, the Lackawanna Energy Center was placed in-service on June 1st. As expected, train 1 is burning approximately 70 million cubic feet per day and has been very consistent in its early operation. As a reminder, train 2 and 3 remain on schedule in-service. And on October 1st and December 1st, respectively in fact train 2 is currently receiving test gas as the developer takes additional steps towards commissioning. Regarding Moxie Freedom power generation facility, we had previously reported that an early in-service date of June 1 was obtainable. Unfortunately, the facility required some additional modifications and further testing. However, we have been notified recently that the full in-service of Freedom plant could be as early as the first week of August. We are currently providing large volumes of test gas initially awaiting final go-ahead for this 160 million per day project. These three projects will drive a significant improvement in differentials going forward resulting from access to premium markets post-Atlantic Sunrise in-service and exposure to seasonal higher power prices. These are very exciting times for Cabot as our long-term infrastructure and growth plans have finally come together and will provide I think huge benefits for years to come. In summary, we continue to believe our differentiate strategy of high return growth coupled with increasing return on capital and return of capital is unappreciated by the market due primarily to general apathy for natural gas as a model. But I think if you replace natural gas with another widget and delivered the same financial return and leverage metrics, we would -- and that were delivering today in our year-to-date share price performance would likely look significantly better than they do today. With that being said, I have been in this industry long enough to know that sentiment around commodity will change over time. I especially believe to be the case today with natural gas both near-term given the current storage deficit, to a 5-year average is the lightest as being since 2014 and long term as were nearing major inflection points for natural gas demand from exports. Regard to where the sentiment on the commodity is I can promise you that the team at Cabot will continue to execute on this strategy in an effort to create long-term value for our shareholders. Gerry, with that, Id be more than happy to answer any questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Drew Venker with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Drew Venker: Dan, in your prepared remarks, you talked about the Upper Marcellus test that you drilled in the past. I know its something in the focus of yours right now. Can you just talk about what assumption do you made in that in case youve made out before like a 20-year production forecast? What assumptions are made in that forecast for the Upper Marcellus?
Dan Dinges: 20-year forecast that youre talking about weve assumed where were today and what weve seen Drew with the 30 completions that have been completed in our old technique. Weve assumed the 2.9 in that forecast.
Drew Venker: And then, on the focus on return of cash to shareholders, the incremental buyback today obviously positive with -- what you guys have said in the past more I think you used to have more preference for buybacks, but also would like to grow the dividend over time. Can you just update us on thoughts on dividend?
Dan Dinges: Yes, on the dividends each board meeting, we had discussion on dividend. We made it clear when we started ramping the dividend and we took kind of incremental step last year. And weve taken a smaller step again beginning of this year but our commentary at that time was that it was our intent and the boards intent to see the commissioning of these infrastructure projects that are imminent to commission. And we felt it was prudent at the time to make sure that we're not going to be any delays. Weve all experienced the pains of the delays of some of these projects and getting them commissioned. So we thought it was prudent to keep the dividend where it is right now once we get the cash flow coming in the door from the commission and these infrastructure projects, we would then again revisit the dividend policy.
Drew Venker: Thanks a lot Dan. Just one last one from me. When you all started this exploration play process I think in the beginning that you said if you didn't have success then you would market the acreage on the backend. Is that still the plan?
Dan Dinges: We've taken the write-down on some of the capital expenditures that we spent and we have -- the acreage is still intact, and we will go through that process on the back end.
Operator: The next question comes from Leo Mariani with NatAlliance Securities. Please go ahead.
Leo Mariani: Hey guys just a question around CapEx here, obviously, you had a tiny bump in your full year guide. But just trying to get a sense of where we should see kind of CapEx over the next couple quarters? Is 2Q the high point? Does that come down at all in 3Q? I know you got quite a few more completions in 3Q, the thinking you can sort of do to kind of about any of that quarterly apex cadence over the next couple of quarters here.
Dan Dinges: Well, our guidance on CapEx for the full year will remain intact, as we bring on wells into the infrastructure, we'll continue to complete those wells and bring those wells inline. So, we have a little bit of a ramp up heading into the commissioning of Atlantic Sunrise.
Leo Mariani: Okay and I guess just looking at the share repurchases obviously you guys came out and increased the program here. But I guess if I just sort of look at that, high level we have kind of seen some weakness in NYNEX gas prices and you guys also had this debt repayment that you had to recently make here over the last couple weeks. Irrespective of that stuff, I mean, should you guys still plan on being pretty aggressive here in the in the second half of the year with the buyback program?
Dan Dinges: Yes, Leo, the conversation again at our board meeting this week was specifically along the lines that I have mentioned in the past and that was that our authorization is not optics, it is proaction and that it is our intent to execute on the authorization that the board has granted. So the take away would be that we fully intend to continue our program that we have implemented.
Leo Mariani: Okay, that's helpful. And I guess just lastly on the Upper Marcellus wells that you mentioned, completing some wells you know recently here. Just any kind of early indications out of those and when might you have a little bit more robust look at those for the market here?
Dan Dinges: Well, the early indications are wrapped up in my comment that we continue to believe and that our Upper Marcellus is incremental and accretive reservoir independent of the lower. We work as indicated that and we're also of the opinion that our completion techniques will improve off of the 2.9 per thousand foot lateral.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade: One quick question for you and then maybe a bigger second question. As far as the completion pace that you have in the back half of this year. I'd like this disclosure where you gave out, what, 37 in Q3 but then about half of that Q4. Can you give us a sense of what we should be looking for going into 2019 on whether you're more going to be on that 37 sort of pace or on that 20 pace? And then, are you moving frac crews? Are you bringing any frac crews or sending them home? What's the outlook?
Dan Dinges: The increased second half 2018 has always been in our design, as we get to the commissioning of Atlantic Sunrise. So that level of activity and timing this activity is right on cue. In regard to '19, we dont anticipate bringing in any additional frac crews than what we have done in 2018. And we are going to stay fairly consistent with our completions in '19 and some of that is depended upon -- and the timing is depended upon how many wells we have on any given pad and how many stages in the lateral links on those pads. We had recently a long pad -- not a long pad -- a pad that had long laterals and 12 wells. And we had been on that location for good while completing that 24x7. And we have another pad that in that particular area of the field, we had 6 wells. And those 6 wells were not quite as long at least a couple of more not quite as long as say the 12 wells pad. So to look at I won't say lumpy because we are scheduling these things out fairly consistently with turning in line in areas of the field that returns these in line. Then we have our forward looking plan for that. But I think through '19 as being fairly consistent with what we have seen in '18.
Charles Meade: And it sounds like you've spent several months on that 12 well pad. But going back to a comment you made in your prepared remarks about guidance being conservative in the back half of the year. I wanted to ask you a couple of questions about that because as I look at your guidance you are guiding for an incremental 250 million a day about in 3Q over 2Q, and I just start add up the pieces whether it's the -- to be honest, I dont have the numbers for this piece, but the Transco and Millennium downtime but then also you have got that first train of Lackawanna on thats probably 55 to 60 net to you, right. And then you have got some volumes from market that for you and then you have got really the big whopper with Atlantic Sunrise. So when I start to add those pieces together and I recognize that Atlantic Sunrise volumes are not all incremental on big one, but I started to add those pieces together. And it feels to me like I must be missing something on what's going to happen with sequential volumes?
Dan Dinges: Are you missing the conservative part?
Charles Meade: Well, I -- maybe the magnitude of it, Dan. But it's -- maybe -- I appreciative your comments, but you may be you said is -- I know in the past he said all of that -- all of Atlantic Sunrise, when it comes online, are given the take in volumes that go from, that are in the local market, onto Atlantic Summers. But is it possible that you not actually be delivering your Bcf a day on within a couple of weeks of startup that you going to ramp to that?
Dan Dinges: Atlantic Sunrise?
Charles Meade: Right.
Dan Dinges: Charles, were planning on utilizing the capacity available in at Atlantic Sunrise as soon as it is available. The connection to our gathering system of the upstream portion of Atlantic Sunrise is designed to take the volume of gas that we committed to and is our full intent to deliver the gas as soon as Atlantic Sunrise will take it. One other thing on our conservative, I wouldn't try to be cute on the comment on conservatives, Charles, but one of the things that I think is relevant, the ramp up and shifting in a small area a Bcf a gas and coordinating two power units that are coming on at the same time and moving gas around in a small geographic area, is done with a -- the switch of the valves I guess, but it's multiple valves its multiple coordination to get it done and get all smoothed out. So in light of the time of the year which the shorter month time of the year, when you get a little bit of the early cool weather, it ramps up the pressure in the pipes, the pipes that are within the basin. And the amount in volumes that the pipelines will accept at a higher pressure starts creating some reduction in the volumes that you're going to be able to put into the pipe. That has happened every year back to back, back to back without exception. So the timing of that and when that occurs is a very difficult proposition to be able to forecast. What we have done is, is made some swag, it's saying, okay, how much gas is going to be knocked off by higher line pressure into the pipeline, us moving the gas out into Atlantic Sunrise should help, but to what extent is still a swag. Weve had now as an example that you know we thought maybe there was a chance of Atlantic Sunrise coming on in July. Well, we've kind of moved it to the back half of August. That is a large swing large volume of gas being moved around out there. When you look at the Lackawanna plant and its come on very good and it's kind of operated in a timely fashion and were happy with that. In our forecast when we look at the deliveries of end of Moxie Freedom plant, we had thought June would've been a good time to fill that up and they thought the same thing. And I'm sure they still think the same thing however to line out the facility to get it commissioned to the fullest extent under all the protocol and safety reasons that commissioning takes place, and has a test period, that's what they're in right now and they're tweaking that. Well that goes from June to August as possible date right now. How do you account for that Charles in your earlier forecast? Well, we try to do it and part of what we try to do is, plan on these contingencies and in fact, if we get delays or we see line pressure go up or we don't immediately get the full acceptance of the Bcf and Atlantic Sunrise, we forecast some of that contingency. If we can over jet and we can get on the high side of our numbers we're ecstatic about it but we think and its been consistent with our policy and our demeanor to guide conservatively more so than aggressively. And we're comfortable with that.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell: Looking at Slide 10 that Charles is just referencing and then taking and your remarks that 2019 completions will be fairly consistent with 2018. Does that imply that you see less variance from quarter-to-quarter than we had in 2018 and I'm bearing in mind that there were no completions in first quarter of '18?
Dan Dinges: That's getting fairly granular, Jeffrey. I'd have to get back to you with -- but my top line comment would be and my expectation is because I haven't looked at quarter to quarter to quarter, I've kind of looked at the entire guidance but I think the guidance is going to be fairly consistent throughout the year.
Matthew Kerin: Jeff, this is Matt. One thing I'd add is, we have to be careful about looking at quarterly turning lines because if we have an 8 well pad that's completed in the last week or two of the quarter and it get pushed into the next quarter that would drastically change the outcome. So we like to think about it more holistically as a full year. We just on slide 10 got a little bit more granular given we're a quarter away.
Jeffrey Campbell: No, I appreciate that. I think the reason I'm asking is that if you just look at it, it kind of looks like there's this huge push as Atlantic Sunrise is coming on and then there's backing off. But if in fact you had been able to complete wells in the first quarter of '18, this might have looked a little bit smoother and that doesnt challenge what you're just saying because pads can always slip a week or two and have a big effect on the quarter but that is really where I was trying to go.
Dan Dinges: Jeffrey, keep in mind on that point you just made as a reminder, we did not turn one well in line in the first quarter.
Jeffrey Campbell: Right, and that's kind of where I was trying to get at. I would assume in '19 if you don't have that kind of gap that things would look a little bit smoother over the course of the years as opposed to this big jump in the third quarter, which was probably predicated on Atlantic Sunrise and the first quarter of '18. The other question is. It sound like your bias for 2019 is to continue increasing lateral lines. Would 2018 average laterals at 8.3 thousand feet and those are the average? Do you think 2019 increases are going to be incremental or can that average move meaningfully longer?
Dan Dinges: I think it'd be incremental, right now. We have efforts ongoing to in any areas that we can to extend laterals and we will continue with that effort. Right now we think '19 is just going to be incremental if we are successful as again we have been throughout '17, throughout '18 to throw in longer laterals in the mix. We will continue to try to do that.
Operator: The next question comes from Bob Morris with Citi. Please go ahead.
Bob Morris: Dan, you hit on some of my questions. But let me just circle back on the exploration play that you didnt write off here. And you did mention you come back to the process and try to monetize what you do have there. But I know you can't disclose what it is, but can you give us some color on whether potentially it's economic even though it didn't meet you hurdle and there some value there you can find hydrocarbons in that it just didn't meet your current rate but might be attracted to someone else?
Dan Dinges: No, we did find hydrocarbons and there's some dynamics going on, as we are all aware of in the Permian. In the last couple of years working on this project, you are seeing near term headwinds on infrastructure out there. You have seen service cost increase out there in the last couple of years. And even though you have seen certainly an increase in the commodity price there's still some punitive differentials today and going to be apparent for a little bit longer till we get the pipeline build out there. But the results that -- we have gotten the field and consideration the other impacts that affect our return we made the decision not to move forward.
Bob Morris: And then of the $50 million write off you took how much of that were dollar spent this year in the $75 million budget for total exploration?
Matthew Kerin: That was too close. Bob, it was about 35 million this year 17 million related to last year.
Operator: The next comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: I wanted to ask on the competitive dynamic [indiscernible] it's the question you have gotten before. But as see asset maintain a balance sheet improved amongst some of the players. How do you -- the plans of others [indiscernible] through wells behind pipe ducks or rig activity influence the level of activity that you may gear towards in 2019?
Dan Dinges: I think that in looking at Appalachia and looking at natural gas, looking at macro dynamics of what's going on in the natural gas space. I think parties that have the ability to increase their profiles -- production profiles, complete ducks to move gas to a different price points to obtain better realizations, I think is a prudent course of action. If in fact that you have some gas under this environment moving into the same punitive realizations and ramping up gas into that type of environment, I think there's going to be a point in time when particularly for public companies that shareholders are probably going to want to see some kind of rational approach in the environment and moving gas into again oversupplied markets that create the lower realizations just like what we have dealt with now for a number of years. And I would not be surprised to see some management take the opportunity to look at the space and try to get more efficient with their capital dollars -- highly allocated capital dollars in a way that would allow every dollar they spend to maybe obtain better realizations from the efficiency created by model that would have controlled growth, as opposed to growth just for the sake of growth. And every company has its own strategic initiatives its own internal complexities, but I just can't help believe with where we are in the natural gas space and the supply dynamics that everybody talks about out there that theres not conversations and a lot of boardrooms that talk about how we get more capital efficient with our allocation in a way that allows for there to be some rationalization in the marketplace.
Brian Singer: And then I wanted to follow up on the CapEx conversations that -- and questions that have already come up on the call just maybe add a little bit of more clarity. Theres three different elements of the CapEx budget, the Marcellus upstream exploration then an investment in equity method investment. Is it fair to say that as we think about 2019, the investment in equity method investments go away because of Atlantic pipeline, Atlantic Sunrise pipeline pending design, explorations CBD depending on the second results of the second play and that the CapEx in the Marcellus seems that in your comments to be relatively flat in 19 versus 18. And when is the flex on share repurchase depending on the exploration side of the equation?
Dan Dinges: On the equity side, it is -- the answer is, yes, that the equity investment in 2019 goes away. We continue as I mentioned on the second exploratory effort. We continue to spin a little bit of capital there, very-very manageable on the capital allocation in that particular area. And on the allocation to our Marcellus, its going to be fairly consistent with the allocations that weve had this year.
Operator: The great question comes from David Deckelbaum with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Just curious I know like in the -- and you've reiterated your multiyear long-term outlook and free cash generation for various sensitivities. I know in those assumptions you have a lot of things around cost, but specifically I am curious about your assumptions on the LOE side. And if we should see any optimization at all or should we expect a step change in optimization at the field level, once you sort of fill in some of these larger volumes into a more unconstrained environment?
Dan Dinges: From our number that we're seeing in '18 I think it is safe to say looking at '19 that we would expect a tick down in our direct costs associated per unit.
David Deckelbaum: Okay and then just a little bit more color on the Moxie Freedom project. Did that plant originally begin testing gas in April and then the project needed to be re-modified after that? Or has it not tested gas yet?
Dan Dinges: Yes, David, I'll let -- Jeff has been kind of live in that project. I'll let him talk about that.
Jeffrey Hutton: Sure, David. Just to back up a minute. The project was originally scheduled for in server August 1st from the time we first started negotiating our contract and going through financing and the rest of that. So, they made a lot of progress on the construction front and was able to move up the in service date what we thought at one point would be around the June 1st date. And so, they did take a little bit of gas in April and took some larger volumes of test gas in May, and they have gone through a number of performance testing and emissions testing that sort of thing. And on the specifics, I can't go into that on the -- and I would call very, very slight modifications that they're simply tweaking and finding the best way to operate the facility. This is a beautiful 1,000 megawatt facility that's kind of in any day now start up or COD event. And so, we're really excited about the facility, but it's again just some minor tweaks on how they plan to operate it surely and I wouldnt say anything much more than that.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate that Jeff. And just the last one from me, on the exploration side, Dan, I know you kind of gave some guidance around how much capital was spent and the reasons why. Just curious if you could remind how many wells or zones have been tested? And then how does that compared to the second play with how comprehensive the evaluation is going to be?
Dan Dinges: Well, we had -- we had five wells that we tested and we tested several zone in our project, second project we will have similar number of wells and we'll be testing what we find in those wells.
Operator: The next question comes from Jane Trotsenko with Stifel.
Jane Trotsenko: Could you please update us on East project and what do we need to pay attention from a regulatory standpoint? And what's the probability of PennEast getting built?
Dan Dinges: Okay, Jane, Im going to turn that to Jeff to answer that, thank you.
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes, Jane. PennEast from our understanding and keep in mind that we are a little bit from position, we already shipped on that facility. But from the conversations that PennEast operations have had with the shipper group and the customer group. PennEast has not changed their disclosure for the second half of 2019. My understanding is that they made a lot of accomplishments on permitting in Pennsylvania. They still have some remaining challenges in New Jersey to get their final permits there. I do understand that the PennEast owners all have our public companies have analyst calls coming up in a few weeks. And so, we will be watching that to see if they push that into back a little bit. But right now they continue to through surveys and building the information make sure to get the proper permits. And thats where it stands from our perspective.
Jane Trotsenko: My next question is should we expect any impact from maintenance on Transco line this quarter?
Jeffrey Hutton: No, from our understanding and the maintenance on Transco was early on. This year, we actually had two events just regular maintenance playgrounds that sort of thing. Of course we have the outage when time Cabot/Williams gathering system into Atlantic Sunrise which is something that we had expected. So looking out we have no maintenance notices from any of the three pipelines.
Jane Trotsenko: And then the next question is on Atlantic Sunrise. It looks like a section of the Atlantic Sunrise is already on line. It's like 500 Bcfe COD. My understanding is that you are not flowing on the --- do you know if any gas flows on that section already?
Jeffrey Hutton: I didnt quite understand what section, you're specifically talking about. Let me just try to answer it this way. There's been gas introduced into the pipeline, we are aware of that. The commissioning process for the stations and the hydro testing of the pipe and of course all of the meters and regulation stations is ongoing. I can't -- as a shipper, we don't have the details of which sections of the pipe. There is actually jam packed in for example, but I do know that the commission is ongoing and that gas has been introduced into the pipe in certain areas.
Jane Trotsenko: And my last question is on the difference between first and the second exploratory areas. Is it only geographic allocation that different? Or is there something else to that?
Dan Dinges: You asking every identified the geographic area?
Jane Trotsenko: No, Im just trying to understand is it -- the board's exploratory areas are targeting Upper Marcellus. So the difference, is it on your geographically different locations? Or is it like different debt? I dont know different pressure or something else makes it -- you identify as separate exploratory operating areas?
Dan Dinges: Yes, the Upper Marcellus is not an exploratory project for us. And where were allocating and identifying a second exploratory area is geographically different than the Marcellus.
Jane Trotsenko: So difference between the first and the second exploratory operating areas just solely based on geography right, all the allocation of the wells?
Dan Dinges: No. Its based on geology.
Jeffrey Hutton: Geology or away from in the Marcellus.
Jane Trotsenko: So its geography and geology, but its same Upper Marcellus. Is it the same Upper Marcellus into of all that you're testing, right?
Jeffrey Hutton: Let me clarify. The exploration projects that weve are not in the Marcellus. They are located in different parts of the United States. The Marcellus is a development project. It has been for more than a decade.
Jane Trotsenko: So, the exploration result, so the dry hole to that you guys reported this quarter theyre not related to Upper Marcellus, right?
Jeffrey Hutton: Thats correct.
Jane Trotsenko: My last question sorry about this, the activity levels in Northeast Pennsylvania, do you see it becomes from other operators in front of Atlantic Sunrise coming online?
Dan Dinges: Activity levels?
Jane Trotsenko: Yes.
Dan Dinges: Yes, we keep track on the activity levels and going in the past activity levels have traditionally been a small ramp up at a summer period of time in anticipation of maybe moving some winter gas. That has occurred each year. The level of increased activity that we see up there right now is not atypical of that type of activity.
Jane Trotsenko: I see but its not like really through the Atlantic Sunrise coming online and everybody is picking up drilling?
Dan Dinges: No.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Hall: A lot has been covered. I guess one thing as just about costs, you guys kind of reiterated the nearly 0.3 million coverage well costs. So if memory serves well, there has some inflation in it, spin some commentary around Northeast service cost pricing perhaps improving a little bit. Do you guys seeing any of that? Anticipate any of that? Just kind of curious on what the latest on well costs are for you guys?
Dan Dinges: Were fairly comfortable with a flat trajectory on the cost up there and we kind of benchmark review as Michael has been a $1,000 per lateral foot and were pretty good with that.
Michael Hall: So then you dont anticipate any potential reduction on a near-term basis?
Dan Dinges: Well, keep in mind our major costs that we moved the needle are where were contractually committed on both rigs and frac crews, so that's
Michael Hall: What's the term on your frac crew costs like how long are those contracts?
Dan Dinges: We go through the end of the year.
Michael Hall: Okay and then I guess the other side is just kind of following up a little bit on the exploratory programs but in the context of the dividend -- I'm sorry of the buyback. You talked about one thing that is kind of gaiting item for the buyback has been getting the infrastructure up and running and commissioned as expected. Just wondering to what extents have the exploration programs also been kind of governors on committing the even more on all your buybacks? And to the extent you did see or you did move on let's say from the second program? Would it be fair then to assume you achieved another step up in buybacks, any commentary along those lines?
Dan Dinges: Well, the exploratory portion available cash has not influenced our decisions on the level of buybacks. We anticipate our buyback program to be as we've laid out opportunistic and it dovetails now, along with the comment I made on mayo dividend, it dovetails now with our anticipation of both in-basin power demand and our commissioning of Atlantic Sunrise. So the amount of money compared to Cabot's available capital and cash that is being allocated to the exploratory effort is de minimis and it does not impact our decision on buybacks.
Michael Hall: I guess more kind of thing about the potential forward capital requirements would maybe restrain buybacks and I guess maybe more so dividends but it doesn't sound like that.
Dan Dinges: No, no, I'm comfortable that we will be able to have our growth profile into new market areas for better pricing. I'm comfortable that we'll have our capital program allocations to the Marcellus with undeterred. And I am also comfortable we'll be able to buyback our authority shares that the Board has granted. And I'm also comfortable that we would be very prudent on allocation of a capital into an exploratory and hopefully into an exportation phase of this exploration area we're on right now.
Operator: The next question comes Sameer Panjwani with Tudor, Pickering, Holt. Please go ahead.
Sameer Panjwani: You touched on this a little bit in the prepared remarks, but with leverage tracking below your target range and set to further improve in the coming years. Can you just provide some color on your willingness to use the balance sheet to return additional capital to shareholders?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we have at our last board meeting we got the authority to increase our authorization by 20 million shares. And the board's expectation is that we would execute on that authorization as we have indicated in the prepared remarks that would fall in completion of that buyback would be a 7% yield, 7% of our outstanding shares. And that is our full intent to execute on that authorization, as we continue to see a disconnect in our intrinsic value additionally, once we get Atlantic Sunrise and the power plants commission that we are generating the free cash that we anticipate. Im sure the board will revisit our dividend policy also.
Sameer Panjwani: Just to clarify, Im thinking more longer term, I think right now and in the presentation you guys highlighted trailing 12 months levered is 0.8 times, but your target is 1 to 1.5 times on the leverage. So overtime, should we expect you guys to use that leverage capacity let's call it between the 0.8 times and the 1 times GAAP between your low end to increase buybacks further?
Dan Dinges: I think our policy is going to be fairly consistent even though we have identified as opportunistic policy at this stage, and again I preference it several times on infrastructure build out commissioning. The use of a component of a regular buyback plan is certainly something that we have visited. But we have also made it clear that we wanted to see the steady stream of cash that we anticipate. So, using leverage, Ill let Scott talk about the leverage position and the balance sheet and how we might look at the balance sheet what we might do with maturities or reload.
Scott Schroeder: Sure, thanks. Sameer, in terms of that long-term look, historically, we haven't leaned on the balance sheet. We havent borrowed money to buy back shares and then that doesn't change really. When you look out forward into the long term, we will be generating a significant level of free cash flow. So, obviously, the first part of that would be to use -- would be the first funding source for any buyback. But Id emphasis that if we saw a big disconnect outsize disconnect we have no problem reading on our undrawn revolver at any point in time if we had to make an impact in the buyback program. That's not our optimal use at this point, but at the same point we wouldnt shy away from that on any of those disconnects. Keep in mind, we are at 1.3 on an absolute debt to this point that 1 to 1.5 is a target level but we are not. If we fall below the target we are not going to go on borrow money or do something with money just to get back to that level. Its a guide level. Its a nice sweet spot to be in. We will work towards that but there's a lot of dynamics that play into that decision.
Sameer Panjwani: And then last question, if I may. I know you guys are always looking to expand the takeaway portfolio. Is there anything to provide an update on right now or anything that's become more likely since the last quarter call?
Dan Dinges: Yes, I'll let Jeff to answer that.
Jeffrey Hutton: Sameer, we talk about this quite a bit and we continue to have two very active on the initiatives, both with the in-basin demand project and an additional pipeline takeaway. And just to -- maybe talk a little bit about the in-basin demand program, we were out there in a various challenged environment, we were trying to relocate industry and were trying to find the right sized projects, the right scale. And were trying to find projects with ultimately improved our realizations and its -- right now, its all moving in nature but its also exciting. Weve all learned a lot about natural gas users and their requirement and working in Pennsylvania and those requirements and its exciting. And I am pretty confident were going to find several in-basin demand projects that are good for Cabot and good for those industries. That said, were always looking at pipeline options every day. But together remember weve got the -- weve always had the underlying question that does this project improve our price realizations. And currently with the outlook on basins and the in-basin demand that we have, our realizations are improving. That said, were going to be up there for a long time, and I think theres -- there are additional pipeline projects to be built and that would be good for Cabot. Were just being very selective and working through the details.
Dan Dinges: I might add that we have really good idea for a project that goes from our field into Evercore pipeline. And theres a much demand in many users over there and New York have asked when we could get some gas up in that area. So, we havent given up on that effort to deliver much needed gas to that part of the country.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Gerry, and I thank everybody for the questions and interest in the details. We are looking forward to our October quarterly call. That call will be the first call in many years that hopefully well have the privilege of discussing commissioning of lot of overdue infrastructures and I would look for the opportunity for us to again support the shareholder friendly decisions that we have made in the past and with the clarity of cash flow that well continue to make in the future. So, thank you, look forward to the third quarter conference call.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-09 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co. Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co. John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co. Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co. G. Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.
Analysts: Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Joseph Allman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Jamaal Dardar - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cimarex Energy First Quarter Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Karen Acierno. Please go ahead.
Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co.: Good morning, and welcome to the Cimarex first quarter 2018 conference call. An updated presentation was posted to our website yesterday afternoon, and we will be referring to this presentation during the call today. As a reminder, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K and other filings and news releases for the risk factors associated with our business. And we filed our 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2018, yesterday As always, we will begin with prepared remarks with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden, followed by an update on our drilling activities, and results from John Lambuth, SVP of Exploration. And then Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on operations, including production and well costs. Our CFO, Mark Burford is here to help answer any questions you might have. So that we can accommodate more of your questions during the hour we have allotted for the call, we'd ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, feel free to get back in the queue if you like. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you, Karen, and welcome to everyone on the call this morning. Cimarex delivered a strong first quarter. We reported solid operational and financial results, with production averaging 206,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was at the high-end of our guidance. Oil production for the quarter averaged over 65,000 barrels per day, we reported adjusted net income of $174 million or $1.82 per share. We're off to a strong start to 2018. In the Delaware Basin, we have 14 new Cimarex-operated wells, which achieved a sustained 30-day peak production rate during the first quarter. These 14 wells had an average IP-30 of 1,908 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Oil from these wells averaged 1,178 barrels of oil per day. Our production and capital guidance for the year remain unchanged, with production anticipated to average 216,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day at the midpoint and capital projected to be $1.65 billion at the midpoint. We have a number of projects underway that we look forward to discussing as results come in. Our Lea County, New Mexico program is delivering strong results as we expected. In Lea County, Reeves County, and Culberson County, we have a number of development programs underway that are progressing well, and we look forward to discussing their results as the year rolls on. John will update you on a few of these projects in a moment. Thus far, service costs inflation has not been a significant factor in 2018. Furthermore, we are increasing our use of local sand in the Delaware Basin, which holds the promise of modestly decreasing our stimulation costs. The overwhelming majority of our wells for 2018, are multi-pad development wells, whose capital efficiencies are included within our guidance range. We also announced marketing commitments that give us surety of flow for our Permian gas volumes through 2019. Although we expect midstream operators to find additional takeaway capacity through compression upgrades and creative engineering of flow dynamics, these marketing commitments give us confidence that our gas will flow to market. While the conversation revolves around gas, these marketing commitments for our gas volumes are really insurance that protects our oil revenues, which are projected to be almost 75% of our total Permian revenues. In the current environment, oil revenues are the backbone of both our cash flow and our development project economics. We are in good shape on oil takeaway. We have strategic partners in our core areas who purchase our oil and have backstopped these volumes with firm pipeline takeaway. Over 70% of our Permian oil volumes leave the field on pipe, which reduces our exposure to trucking volatility. These marketing commitments are priced at local index. Although 30% to 35% of our Permian oil basis differential is hedged, the majority of our sales are at index price. Temporary blips in index pricing are a part of the business that we are prepared to weather. These differentials are baked into our cash flow models and development economics. As I tell our organization, we are an ark, not a party boat. We retain flexibility to adjust our CapEx as conditions dictate. At this time, we're holding firm with our previously-announced production and CapEx guidance. However, as conditions change, we're prepared to make adjustments to adapt to these changes. Right now, it's steady as she goes. We said at the beginning of the year that 2018 would be a year that defines companies by their ability to execute complex projects, apply good science, and deliver results that are top-tier. Cimarex continues to be driven by science, as we work on configuring development projects that maximize value, understand the physics of our stimulations and well-to-well interference, and execute a capital program that delivers full cycle, fully-burdened returns. We have not strayed from that focus. Production growth and headline wells are fun and interesting, but there are consequences of good investment decisions, not primary drivers. We are here for the long run. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thanks, Tom. During the first quarter, Cimarex invested $313 million in exploration and development activities, of which $264 million was invested in the drilling and completion of new wells. 61% of our capital was spent in the Permian region and 38% in the Mid-Continent. We brought 15 net wells on production during the quarter and are currently operating 13 gross rigs, with 10 in the Permian region and three in Mid-Continent. Now, I'll turn to some specifics about each region. I will start in the Permian region where we brought nine wells online during the first quarter, including two significant Avalon wells in Lea County, New Mexico. One of them, the 10,000-foot lateral Coriander AOC 1-12 State 1H, had an average peak 30-day initial potential rate of 3,333 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 67% was oil, 17% NGL, and 16% gas. While the other, the 5,000-foot lateral Thyme APY FED 19H, had an average peak 30-day rate of 2,059 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 69% oil, 18% NGL, and 13% gas. The results and learnings from these two Avalon wells are proving critical in finalizing the final stimulation design for the soon-to-be completed six well Triste Draw spacing pilot, which is testing 20 wells per section within two benches in the Avalon section. Moving on to the Wolfcamp, where we have two spacing tests currently waiting on started completion. In Culberson County, the Animal Kingdom infill development, which consists of eight 10,000-foot laterals in the Lower Wolfcamp should begin fracking operations in early June. These wells are testing the equivalent of 14 wells per section by both decreasing the spacing between wells in a bench plus adding an additional landing zone in the top part of the Lower Wolfcamp, a zone which we used to refer to as the Wolfcamp C. These wells are expected to be on production by the end of the third quarter. Another important test in the Upper Wolfcamp, located in Reeves County, is the Snowshoe pilot, which is scheduled to begin completions later this month. These eight 10,000-foot wells are testing the equivalent of 18 wells per section in the Upper Wolfcamp. Stay tuned for result on these development projects later this year. As shown on slide 12 of our investor presentation, we continue to make great strides in understanding and designing highly-economic development projects, with the appropriate completion design, landing zone, as well as the optimal number of development wells per section. As shown on the bar chart, our latest generation completion design, Gen 4, was used not only on single-well projects, but also to complete our first ten 10,000-foot Upper Wolfcamp infill wells, which are located in Reeves County. Not only did these wells achieve 90% of the 180-day cumulative production number of the 23 parent wells completed with that same design, they have also significantly outperformed their actual parent well which was completed with a Gen 2 completion. You can view this performance on slide 16. And because of the efficiencies gained from pad drilling and zipper fracs, the Gen 4 infill wells were drilled and completed at a cost, which is approximately 90% that of a Gen 4 parent well. Now on to the Mid-Continent. Completion operations are underway on the Meramec Steve O development project, which consists of six 10,000-foot laterals landed in two benches within the Meramec. This development is the equivalent of eight wells per section. We've learned a lot from our own spacing pilot, the Leon Gundy, as well as the results of several recently completed non-operated Meramec spacing pilots. These learnings were incorporated into to the final landing zones and completion design for this and other Meramec development projects planned for 2018. First production from the Steve O well is expected in August. We planned to spud three other Meramec development projects in 2018 across our acreage position. And in the Woodford Lone Rock area, completion operations are underway on the Shelly spacing pilot, with first production expect to begin in late September. Furthermore, a second Lone Rock development project called JD Hoppinscotch will finish drilling by the end of this month, with completion operations scheduled to begin in early June. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining our call today. I'll touch on our first quarter production, our full-year 2018 production guidance, and then, I'll finish up with a few comments on Permian takeaway, LOE and service costs. As Tom mentioned, we had a solid quarter for our production in Q1, with reported equivalent volume of 206.1 MBOEs per day. We came in above the upper-end of our guidance and set new records for equivalent production at both the company and regional levels. With the mark, we were up 3% over Q4 2017 and 16% over Q1 2017. Oil, again, drove the growth with our Q1 net oil production of 65,212 barrels a day, up 6% over Q4 2017 and 25% over Q1 2017. With strong activity in both areas, we continue to see nice production gains in both the Permian and the Mid-Continent. Our first quarter Permian posting of 114.2 MBOEs per day was up 19% as compared to Q1 2017, while our Mid-Continent volume of 91.4 MBOEs per day was up 13% from a year ago. Oil, again, played a significant role in regional production growth, with our Q1 Permian oil volume up 21% and our Mid-Continent volume up 38% as compared to Q1 2017. Moving on to our 2018 production outlook, with a strong Q1 in the books, and some slight shifting of completion timing into the second half of the year, we're maintaining our full-year guidance projection of 211 MBOEs per day to 221 MBOEs per day. Similar to our discussion last call, the majority of our completion activity is planned for later in the year, with an estimated 38 net completions timed for the first half of the year, and 83 timed for the second half of the year. With that we're projecting second quarter production to be relatively flat to Q1, followed by a strong production ramp beginning in late Q3 and extending into Q4. With the ramp, we're projecting our Q4 oil volumes to be up 30% to 35% over our Q4, 2017 oil volume of 61,771 barrels per day. With the model we're guiding our Q2, net equivalent volumes to land in a range of 200 MBOEs per day to 209 MBOEs per day, with our forecasted late year production ramp resulting in a full-year guidance range of 211 MBOEs per day to 221 MBOEs per day, that's an 11% to 16% increase over 2017 production. Few words on Permian takeaway. With the recent tightening of product takeaway in the Permian, our marketing team has been hard at work to ensure, our oil, gas, and NGLs move out of the basin. On the gas side, we've agreed to terms for the sale of more than 98% of our projected Permian residue gas volumes through October of 2019. Our NGL production is linked to numerous processing facilities across the basin where we have either purchaser-backed, firm or established long-term sale arrangements in place. And on the oil side, the majority of our Permian oil is on pipe, the strategic partnerships and oil agreements in place to ensure flow through 2019 and beyond. Our marketing team has done a great job to ensure, flow is coming out of the Permian and they remain equally focused on flow out of the Mid-Continent as well, where we are currently evaluating all means to ensure, near to long-term product flow to get our oil, gas, and NGL to market. Our goal in both the Permian and the Mid-Continent is to ensure product flow. On a realized price basis, however, we will still be exposed to the El Paso, and Waha basis differentials in the Permian, and the Panhandle and Ann Arr (15:37) and OGT differentials in the Mid-Continent. Shifting gears to OpEx, our Q1, lifting costs came in at $3.84 per BOE, down slightly from the $3.89 posting we had in Q4 2017, and in the lower-end of our guidance range of $3.75 to $4.35 per BOE. We saw some cost pressure in items such as compression, contract labor, and rentals during the quarter, and with Q1 in the books and our previous guidance incorporating potential cost creep during the year, we're keeping our lifting costs guidance midpoint intact, but we're tightening our range to $3.80 to $4.30 per BOE for the remainder of the year. And lastly, some comments on drilling and completion costs. On the drilling side, we've seen some small increases in ancillary services such as mud and cement and equal pressure on rig day rates during the quarter. But with our continued focus on efficiencies and primarily a result of our completion costs components remaining relatively in check, as Tom mentioned during the quarter, our current drilling and completion AFEs remain in check, with the ranges that we quoted last call, with the exception of our Permian wells, which should begin to see the cost savings benefits of us procuring a regional sand sourcing arrangement with our service provider beginning here in May. In the Permian, depending on area, interval, facility design and frac logistics, our current Wolfcamp 2-mile AFEs are running in the range of $11 million to $13.5 million. With local sand sourcing, we anticipate this range dropping to approximately $500,000 per well to $10.5 million to $13 million here in Q2. With our New Mexico Bone Spring development in the deeper areas of northern Eddy and Lea Counties, our 1-mile Bone Spring AFEs are running $7 million to $8.5 million per well, and again, with local sand sourcing, we're anticipating to drop this range by $300,000 per well to $6.7 million to $8.2 million. In Cana, our 1-mile lateral Woodford AFEs continue to run around $7.5 million to $8 million. And with our current frac design, our 2-mile Meramec AFEs are still on the $11.8 million to $12.8 million range, the same levels we quoted last call. So, in closing, we had a solid first quarter. Our liquids-rich focus in the Permian and Mid-Continent continues to generate sizable oil growth. Our beginning year 2018 production guidance remains unchanged. Projecting a strong Q4 production ramp, with Q4 oil volumes forecasted to be up 30% to 35% from Q4 2017. Our lifting and development costs remain in check, with further Permian well costs reductions anticipated in Q2, with the implementation of local sand sourcing. And we've taken steps on the marketing inside to ensure takeaway issues do not become a bottleneck for either 2018 or 2019 Permian programs. We remain excited about the prospects for yet another successful year here in 2018. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Mike Scialla with Stifel.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, good morning, everybody. I wanted to ask you about your guidance, in particular, for second quarter production, you're forecasting kind of flattish, with first quarter actually down slightly, looking at what you did in the first quarter when you brought on only 15 net wells, you had some sequential growth. Looks like you're planning on adding more wells in the second quarter than you did in the first quarter, I think 23 wells. Just wondering is that too simplistic in approach to suggest that your second quarter guidance is conservative, or I guess, any color you can add to that?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is Joe, and I guess I'll answer that question is relative to what we guided at the beginning of the year. We virtually from our standpoint have not seen significant change in our guidance at all. Last quarter, we were quoting, I think, 45 wells during the first half of the year and 82 wells in the latter half of the year. We're currently at 38 wells in the first half of the year and 83 wells in the last half of the year. The shifting of completions that I mentioned about is really associated with, primarily with one of our eight well infill projects, which was scheduled to come on here in Q2, but we'd split it into Q3. And that was due primarily to a drilling issue on one of the wells, and when you have an eight well project, one well can affect all eight with regard to the timing of the completion of all eight wells. And it's not just that type of program that's really driving our production profile. We've got the Animal Kingdom eight well projects; the Hallertau, six well projects; Snowshoe, eight well project; Triste Draw, six well project. All of these wells are coming on line here, with the majority of our capital going into Q2 and Q3 and in fact, we're up in our rig count  our frac fleet count up to 6 fleets here in June. The profile you're seeing is just a result of that. And what Tom alluded to, we don't run our business based on what production profile we're going to get, we run it on the rate of return and we're expecting to generate out of our projects and the capital that we deploy. So, our profile becomes a byproduct of it, and if you look at net well counts changing, I know Karen's got a number of questions about what wells dropped or what wells didn't, I'll simplify it and say as compared to our previous model, we had 12 wells move out of Q2 and Q3 that were previously in our original year guidance. Two of those wells moved into the first quarter. Seven of those wells moved into either fourth quarter or first quarter of 2019 and three other ones moved further in the year with a reshuffling of some of our drilling schedule. The bottom line to us is, the guidance didn't change.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Mike, let me just add to that. Our guidance, we tried to do a good job, best we can and sometimes, it's simple and sometimes, it's complex. But our guidance is really a function of two things. Certainly, our well schedule and that's pretty sad. I don't anticipate that's going to change. And then the second factor is our estimate of production per well. And so, is our guidance conservative? Well, I hope not I think it's realistic. We, certainly, try to make it realistic. But we're always playing around with stimulations and to the extent that there's some upside there. I'd love to see us report in the future quarter that our wells produce in excess of what we model based on some stimulation advancement. But I don't think we're sandbagging, that we're just trying to give you our best guess.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, perfect. Thanks. And I want to ask on your gas sales agreement. Are there any minimum volume commitments associated with that, or acres dedication? Anything you can say about how that works?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. I know there'll be number of questions on it. So I'll just cover it at a high level. Fortunately, with our Triple Crown and our Matterhorn systems in place, we have access to multiple markets, which certainly works in our favor. As Tom mentioned, our focus has been surety of flow, make sure the product gets sold. We sell our residue gas either as gas we take-in-kind on the tailgate of a processing plant or directly to the purchaser at the tailgate of the processing plant. What we've done during the last quarter, and I feel like we've done a very, very good job of is for that gas that we can take-in-kind we're either selling directly to utilities, LDCs, end-users, who have demand, and firm transports or that gas; or to counter-parties and I've put there are reputable processors in the same category that either have firm transport out or a purchaser-backed with purchasers who have firm in their hip pocket to get the gas out of the basin. So, our goal was to sell to parties that have firm and we have confidence have firm to get the gas out of the basin. We took a look at our projected production profiles, not only of our base wells, but our 2018 and 2019 drilling programs. We looked at what potential residue could be there under recovery or rejection, of each one of those processing facilities and we put our forecasted volumes in place that our marketing team was able to line up with purchasers.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: So, Mike, there's  we've committed volumes. So, as Joe just said, we do through 2019 estimate volumes. We pre-commit to sell those volumes. And we're going to be working to deliver those volumes. But they're not long-term commitments. They will be on 2019.
Michael Stephen Scialla - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: And I might mention that this is a typical day of business for our marketing team. We just don't typically go out two years for our take-in-kind of sales, but we did in this case.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Allman with Baird.
Joseph Allman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you. Hi, everybody.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Allman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: On Slide 19, could you  regarding the Delaware oil takeaway. Could you talk about the other 30% that does not flow on pipe? And then also, Joe, you mentioned kind of recent tightness. Have you folks actually seen physical signs of tightness?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Joe, this is Joe. We have not seen the signs you're talking about. And I want to take a step back on the oil, because there's a perception out there that the piped oil is safe and the trucked oil may be at some risk. As we've mentioned, the majority of our oil is on pipe and that oil is on pipe with entities that we have these strategic partnerships and agreements in place, with committed volumes that they're allowing us to flow out of the basin. The parties that we're selling to the majority of our oil have pipe out of the basin and we have space on that pipe. The trucked volumes that we have, albeit although, they may not be on pipe, a vast majority of those trucked volumes are also being sold to those same entities that have the pipe out of the basin where we're able to piggyback on those piped arrangements. If not, in one case, we're selling to purchaser but they're a local refinery. So, what we're seeing from a risk standpoint or a volatility standpoint on the trucking side isn't getting it out of the basin. It maybe, we're at some risk as to what the trucking costs might end up doing.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: You know Joe, what I look at it, when I see these volumes and we look at what percent is on pipe and what percent is on truck, I think about it more in terms of field management and exposure to weather delays and also trucking backlog. I don't think of it, as Joe has described, we don't view it as necessarily a distinction on basin takeaway. But your other question on physical constraints, I'll let Joe address that.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. Joe, we have not been bottlenecked or pinched back on either the NGL, oil, or gas side as a result of the concerns about tightness.
Joseph Allman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then as a follow-up. On slide 12, I know you described it a little bit. But could you describe this more fully, we see the Gen 4 wells and we see the Gen 4 infill wells. My impression is that those Gen 4 infill wells are not the child wells to Gen 4 parent wells. My understanding is that those Gen 4 infill wells are child wells to some of the parent wells you drilled in prior years. I think specifically actually the Gen 2 wells. And yet the last bullet on that slide seems to say that your infill wells are 90% of the parent wells. So, could you just help us figure that out a little bit better?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, this is John. You are correct in that the infill wells that we're showing on that chart, the parent wells within the same section are not of the same generation, that is a true statement. However, we would actually say it's rather encouraging the productivity of those infill wells, because we would argue that that older generation frac design was quite frankly not very efficient from an infill standpoint, in a way what I mean by that is the older generation we believe was a) probably not as well designed in terms of the cluster spacing just leaving unstimulated rock along the lateral. So instead it was probably pushing further out from a frac grappling standpoint. So, in some ways, I would argue that, because these infill wells are performing as well as they do, that just attributes to how good our Gen 4 design is. And yeah, we would have every expectation that when we go to develop infill wells next to a Gen 4 parent well, we would still achieve for the same spacing that type of result. Another way I think about it is, with this later generation design, again, we think that we've eliminated most of the unstimulated rock along the lateral, so we don't see it as much as acceleration as much as we see it as new rock being stimulated, which is why, again, we think it's very important that we're achieving that kind of result so far. The last thing I'll say is, of those infill wells, I think the other reason we like that number is you have to keep in mind one of those projects was testing very tight spacing, maybe probably beyond what we would normally do in that particular section and yet still we were achieving 90%, and let me be clear, 90% of similar stimulated parent wells, even in the same proximity, which we would say same kind of geology. So no, I think there's a very encouraging chart from what we've seen so far.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, Joe, your observation's spot on, though. When you look at that slide 12, the parent wells associated with those infill, those infills are better than the parent wells. It's just that those parent wells were older generation. So, all we did in making this slide is we looked at the entire population of Gen 4 wells and we separated out the parent from the infill in that population.
Joseph Allman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: And there's been a lot of questions about that, the optimum infill-to-parent child ratio we're looking for, we could spend the rest of the call on that. That's a subject of intense scrutiny here at Cimarex.
Joseph Allman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: So, if I could just clarify, so that 90%, does that refer to infill wells that are child to parent that are also Gen 4?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. The 90% is basically as you see from the chart, the 90% cum is of the infill 2, all of the parent wells of the similar generation frac. But let me be clear, a lot of these parent wells are in the same proximity as these infill projects. So it is somewhat relative in terms of, you know there's expectation but again, it's also dictated by the ultimate spacing that the infills were drilled at. And right now, given what we have done to date, 90% at least from our observation is a pretty good outcome from a development standpoint, especially when we start factoring in, as I said, some of the cost savings that we realize when we go to infill with the multi-pad drilling zipper fracking, this is a very good economic outcome.
Joseph Allman - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: All right. It's all very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Neal Dingmann with SunTrust.
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning, all. Maybe my first question is for John. John, looking at the slide 22 you guys, certainly, have a large amount of that as you pointed out here the stacked opportunities between the Meramec and Woodford. Could you talk about that a little bit more how are you going to continue to tackle that? Will you do some sort of stacked laterals? Or maybe just talk about, number one, where do you see the best prospectivity for that and then how you're going to go after that?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. What you see on slide 22 is a representation of our prospective drilling window for both Woodford in the blue outline and Meramec in the orange. And there is a nice overlap there and indeed we are fortunate to have a large acreage position, in an area that we call 14N-10W where we see very significantly pick Meramec and Woodford. And as we have announced, I think last call, have demonstrated successful results with our Wolfcamp NIV, we're able to stack multi Meramec landings with Woodford Landings. So, that area particular one is where we'll do some additional testing to get more comfortable what the ultimate spacing will be. But if I back up a minute where we're really at, especially with Meramec is as I said in my prepared remarks, we ourselves are just now moving into development in the Meramec with the Steve O project and with a number of other projects we have scheduled for later this year. We have benefited greatly from all the other spacing pilot projects that have already been brought on, there is a large learning there. And we're feeling pretty confident now that we think we can design the appropriate spacing for the Meramec, based on essentially in-place volumes, hydrocarbon type pore pressure. It will not be one-size-fit-all in the Meramec. We're very much convinced of that. And as I said, I think even last earnings call, we see variability in the Meramec such that development may range anywhere from four wells maybe up to 10 or 12 wells a section, that's still for us to be decided and that some of the things we'll be testing this year. Coupled with that again is, we will be testing some more stacking of Woodford and Meramec to where we can gain confidence to what that ultimate development looks like for 14N-10W, because it's a pretty daunting challenge. It's a large, large acreage position, large capital commitment on our part, and we want to make sure when we move forward with it that we get it right. I hope that answer your question.
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: No, no, that was very good. And then, Tom, might just one follow-up I had, you all have the benefit of having two great players and you know, again, having the optionality to go either with the Mid-Con or the Perm. When you see sort of temporary blips, and as you called it on, dips as you're seeing right now in the Midland Basin, does that cause you to sway and maybe allocate more resources towards the Midland Basin  or I'm sorry towards the Mid-Con, or do you just not want to get in that game?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I'd love to get into that game, all I need is clairvoyance. The differentials have exploded so fast that  had one of you on the call tipped me off, we might have redirected capital 12 months, 18 months ago. But this is a longer-term game and these short-term swings they pass and as we've talked about in the past, three markets work efficiently here, we're seeing a lot of projects that are going to collapse these differentials. And although, yeah, I wish we had perfectly predicted them and steered our capital to perfectly mirror the right basin to be bringing incremental volumes into. We just don't have that degree of clairvoyance.
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Point taken. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: The next question comes from David Deckelbaum with KeyBanc.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, Tom, John. Appreciate the time for the question.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi, David.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just curious so far, it sounds like with the agreements in place that you have on the marketing side and the flow assurance, that basis or logistics have not yet changed, how you're thinking about bringing wells online, or timing, or where you're allocating capital to, is that fair?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, it is fair. No, I said in my opening remarks that we're looking at this situation closely. And we're managing our balance sheet, we're managing our cash flow, we're managing our capital expenditures. Right now, we're holding firm. But we've got some flexibility.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay, I appreciate that. And I wanted to ask some questions about the in-basin sand savings that you're projecting right now, especially in the Delaware. How are you going to be deploying that, is it going to be ubiquitous across like some of the larger projects, or is it going to be more like in a couple of wells here and there and more of a pilot stage? And are you going to be completing those wells differently than you would with some of the legacy sand?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is Joe. I'll take that one. The intent of the agreement was to and I can't get into the definitive terms in great detail. But to provide us with assurances as to volumes that we felt we would need for the majority of our Permian program, whether it was an Avalon well, Bone Spring completion, Wolfcamp well. And what we ended up doing was come to an agreement on what that volume would  annual volume commitment would be through our service provider and what our commitment would be on the other side of that. And with those volumes, I would say a comfortable range to feel that we could utilize 4% local sand versus other would be about at least 80% of each well sand based on our current program right now. Sand needs would be provided through local sand sourcing. And so, that's where I came up with the numbers that I quoted earlier in the call. So, it wouldn't be one type of well or another. It's for the Permian program in general.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Does that agreement allow you to take another source of sand if you deem the results to be inadequate?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. We had always had that flexibility.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Kelly with Seaport Global.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. I wanted to...
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hey, Mike.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: I wanted to go back to slide 12 and take a look at this kind of infill well performance here. I got two questions on this. One, do you expect the performance delta between the parent-child wells to stay at this kind of 10% level, or could you see further divergence as you get one year to one and a half years out? And then two, I wanted to get your sense of just how you think about potentially just mitigating the parent-child degradation all together by bringing on these mega pad completions that some are doing, and if that even does mitigate the potential degradation and if you're interested in that? Thank you.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, in regards to our expectation going forward, I would fully expect that if we were to here recently go develop another section with a Gen 4 parent well in that section and develop it with the same spacing that these particular infill wells we drilled at that we would probably achieve about the same ratio from parent to infill. That would be my expectation. And yeah, I do expect that to hold up. Now that's for the same spacing, same thickness, same hydrocarbon in place. And so, what is fair to say, is we ask ourselves all the time what is the appropriate spacing, and we look at those economics carefully. I'm not sure that one argument can be that infills should be equal to parent. But then you could run into a problem where you are arguing you're leaving some resource behind. So, we do and have always argued there should be some small amount of acceleration between infill wells. But we also recognized that you can go too far, and if you go too far, you can see major degradation in your overall project returns. And so again, this one snapshot here has given a representation from what we've done to date. I would say we're getting close to what we think would be an optimal type of result for an infill to a parent. I think your other question dealt with the megaprojects, which I think is trying to address just the idea that you don't even have parent, you try to go straight to development and boy in a perfect world, yeah, we have many of us say it'd be great if I can go straight to my acreage and just immediately start developing that and never have to worry about a parent-child relationship. But then reality sets in for the vast majority of us, we have lease expirations. We have commitments that we have to do in order to perpetuate and to hold that acreage, which requires us in many cases to drill that parent well to then get that acreage to an HBP status. In those circumstances where we don't have to do that and yeah, we feel like we probably benefit a little bit more by not having that initial parent well there, but let me also say that we internally have spent a lot of time looking at this parent-child relationship, and we recognize that it's very, it's quite variable both across all the different intervals that we develop, as well as one of the biggest factor is time, time that the parent well has been producing relative to when you get back and develop. And then finally, the type of stimulation you put on that parent well, has a major impact in terms of that ultimate parent child relationship. I think we have moved very aggressively in our understanding such that even if we have some sections with parent wells, I think we feel pretty confident what our ultimate infill wells will do, relative to that parent well. And Tom, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: The only thing I want to add to that is to comment on these megaprojects. I know there's a lot of different philosophies circulating out there on the best development scheme. And we listen to them all. We have a lot of respect for many of the players that are espousing particular philosophies there. We're not of a one-size-fits-all motif, you heard earlier in the call, Joe mentioned that, we've gotten a lot of tons of questions about why's your well count down? Well, our well count is down because of one side track on one well that backstops the development program and it shifted everything back one month. And so, when you get these megaprojects, you do run the risk of timing delays because of any kind of mechanical interruption that cascades through the whole project. You also have long delays between first investment and first production. And so, as John said we're big fans of megaprojects, because, yes, they do indeed help you manage the parent-child issue, but they also come with their own set of problems. So, we really look at each one in an individual lens and we'll make decisions based on the individual project. So, it's good question and we won't have one answer for our assets.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Yeah, that's fair. I appreciate the discussion. And just follow-up for me on the marketing front. The near-term strategy seems pretty clear, it's focused on flow assurance and you've checked that box. But Tom, I'm curious in the longer-term strategic front here. Has that evolved at all, or any change how you think you'll kind of approach marketing out of the Permian long-term? Thanks.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, we're debating that, we debated all the time. We're going to sound like a broken record here. We really like flexibility and long-term marketing commitments limit your flexibility, if you have long-term volume commitments in a fluctuating commodity price environment, you can find yourself in a situation where your cash flow can fluctuate down and yet you've got these volumes you have to deliver. I mean you don't have to look very far into the landscape of our peers to see stories where people have been caught in that wedge, and we would seek to avoid that. So, we typically want to preserve our flexibility and we'll avoid long-term commitments.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Understood. Thank you.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is Joe. I want to follow-up on that too, that to the extent we do make them, we methodically look at projections of production, either oil or gas depending on where we may be locking into, to understand with a start-stop drilling program if needed for capital or price reasons. What volumes we would feel comfortable in committing and we have in the past committed volumes under that type of basis  or under those terms.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. This is John Abbott on for Doug Leggate, it looks like Doug hopped on to another call. Just a couple of questions for us. First, in the Permian you have sales agreements in place for 98% of your gas through October 9, 2019. You apparently have contracts still in place beyond that. What happens to your outlook, if pipeline such as Gulf Coast Express, which is expected to come online at the end of 2019, were say delayed for some reason for by half of the year?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well. This is Joe. We mentioned October 2019 in our press release and in the call, but we're looking into 2020 as well for these agreements. And I think I mentioned earlier in the call that, this is kind of the day-to-day business for our marketing group to try and get out ahead 6 months to 12 months, with any of our take-in-kind arrangements to sell residue to these utilities. And so as we creep ourselves closer into 2019, we're not just going to say, no, we can't go past October. We're going to keep perpetuating that. As you know, there are  every day you turn around there's yet another potential proposed project at Waha, last I saw there were eight or nine of them with over 15 Bcf a day of in cum takeaway out of Waha. And we're looking at all those. We're talking to those players to look out past 2019 as well.
John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate the color. Then our second question is on slide 13 where you talked about the returns for the Culberson long lateral Wolfcamp wells. Compared to 4Q results, it looks like your returns to the upper Wolfcamp have increased and our understanding is that is you're incorporating type curves from your western acreage. As you look out over a three-year to four-year horizon, how reflective are these returns on your go-forward plans?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well I think first off what you're recognizing is indeed a type curve change due to performance on those wells, we've announced in the past on the western side of our Culberson acreage. It's  quite frankly, we've even been pleasantly surprised just how good and robust those wells have been over there. But there's still a lot to do over there in terms of what does ultimate development look like on the west side of Culberson relative to the east side. We've done a lot of development now on the east and southeast part of our Culberson block with some outstanding results. But as we go to the west, it's a little bit different. It is a little bit gassier, but it has great deliverability, which is leading to the outstanding results we're seeing. The other thing we're recognizing on the west side is it looks like we may have even additional landing zones to explore and I think I've mentioned that in the past where we're moving further up the section into what has been called the X and Y sands, and we'll soon have some wells that we'll be able to talk about in that. All that will ultimately lead to what our final major investment decision will be on that side and how we'll go about developing that.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: But I would add to that, when we look at any capital allocation and we discussed this on our last call in some detail, when we look at any capital allocation, one of the things we ask ourselves is how repeatable is that program, and how confident are we in that repeatability. And our upper Wolfcamp program we went back and looked at the last two and a half years, three years. And those are years where our program kind of found its rhythm with longer horizontal wells, and we've achieved excellent repeatability. And when I say that I mean, we measure ourselves on actual to expected, IP-30 rates, actual to expected IP-90 and 180-day rates, actual to expected costs and the actual expected estimated ultimate recoveries. So, there's lots of things we cannot control, commodity pricing being one. But with respect to things we can control, our program particularly in the Wolfcamp is highly repeatable and so we think these returns as evidenced by slide 13 are our go by.
John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much, very helpful.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Now those  just let me say before we move off this topic. These are well level returns, that's our incremental data when we make an incremental drilling decision, and I think everybody knows that we, internally when we grade ourselves and look at that repeatability, we're looking at fully burdened returns with all other costs that are associated with prosecuting a program.
Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co.: And it's really meant to show just sensitivity to changes in price more than  it's a blended type curve that represents more than one type curve in the area.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi Jeff.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Thinking about the slide 12 discussion in a different way. Slide 16 says that Reeves County, Wood State wells are producing 28% better than parent wells and Pagoda State 16% above parent wells. So how do we compare and contrast the slide 12 analysis that we've had a lot of discussion of with the outperformance in slide 16?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, the answer to that is simple. The parent wells that are being referenced on slide 16 are older generation parent wells. And so, that is not the comparison that we meant to illustrate on slide 12. Had we compared infill wells to their actual parent wells, slide 12 would look much more optimistic. But what we're really trying to illustrate on slide 12 is a completion evolution and not an analysis of infill to parent ratio on any particular project.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Well, and just to follow that up, I think, John, a number of times mentioned the spacing was also important to the discussion of slide 12. Just wondering do these  does the Wood State or the Pagoda State have perhaps less aggressive spacing than some of the  he was making some allusions to in slide 12. Is there anything more optimal about spacing there?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is John, I think right now when we look at the Pagoda States and the Wood States, we feel very good about the Wood State results, very, very good about it from a spacing standpoint. We're still looking at the Pagoda States where we tested 16 wells per section and given that particular frac, the Gen 4 frac. We're watching those carefully. I don't know if that is optimal from a rate of return standpoint, but again that's why we do it. That's why we go in and test those type of spacings. Early time, it looks good, but as we've often said, the proof is over 180-day or even longer and see what the wells ultimately perform at. That's why, again, I'll reference that to show infill results of the same generation frac design that are coming in at that particular percentage, it's rather encouraging. Now again, the proof will be when we go in and infill one of our next sections where we have that similar frac design right next to it and what does that show and that will certainly be some of the things we'll be doing here in the coming years for sure.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And I wasn't sure if I was going to ask this question, but you brought it up with Pagoda. So, I'm not to be nitpicky, but I noticed that the Pagoda State parent well outperformance dropped from 20% in the fourth quarter slides to 16% in the current slides. And it's still a significant outperformance, but I wondered what your take was on it? Does that have maybe to do with the spacing you were talking about?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, yes, I mean, I would again stress that in the case of Pagodas, we were testing limits there in terms of what that ultimate spacing would be. Now, I'm not here to tell you that if we had to do it again 16 will not be the obvious economic decision we would make. But I would say that would be at the very high end for sure based on the performance of the wells so far and again based on our expectations, say of what a Generation 4 parent well would have looked like in that same section. But it's something we're watching very carefully.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: And If I could sneak one, real quick one in I just wanted to ask you those two Avalon, Lea County wells that looked so strong. First of all, is Triste Draw testing Avalon as well, or is that a different zone?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. No, no same.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And how does the spacing of those two Avalon wells that you announced in this quarter compare to the spacing on the Triste Draw?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. No, the two wells that we announced, you would call parent wells, but they were not a spacing test as much as they were drilled on two different sections.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: The significance of those two wells is we were testing different stimulation design as well as a particular landing zone that we chose. You know the devil's in the details, there's a lot  believe it or not there's quite a bit difference in those frac design between those two wells, from a standpoint of cluster spacing, and what we're trying to determine. The outcome of those two wells as I said in my comments have given us a good confidence in terms of what type of fracture design now we want to deploy on the actual Triste Draw pilot, which we'll be stimulating here very soon.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great. Well I appreciate the color on that. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Heikkinen with Heikkinen.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. I think your commentary on program being flexible is interesting. And then you have the cadence of wells by quarter, with differentials and kind of when you bring wells online, is there any long-term value creation for deferring completions through these temporary blips or any major impact of rate of return if you were to choose to push things three months, six months, 12 months? And then the follow-on would be, when you think about the big program, it seems like that could cause a cascade in the whole program as well as opposed to just that the micro level of the individual well, just curious how you think about that decision-making process?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, we  look, David, I'm going to answer it maybe a simpler answer than your question was asking for, but we're looking at managing our balance sheet, our cash flow and our capital throughout the year and we say, okay, what levers do we have to pull and that's the first thing we ask. Often when we commission these projects, we have the rigs in locations and that drilling lever is pulled a year ago and so that ship has sailed. But to the extent that we wanted to adjust our capital down, for example, our completion is a lever we have to pull. So we could indeed defer completions a few months or what have you, and have them roll into the next year, that's we've decided at this call that that's not what we're going to do, but an answer, a full disclosure of your question, I believe you're asking, that is a lever we have to pull. Now what we would do in a case like that is we would look at the futures market and the basis differential, we would look at the economics of deferral, we would look at the differing rate of return between completing a well now and completing a well later and we would also look at our corporate model and how that over printed on our overall corporate growth and out year cash flow, so it's a fairly complex set of inter relationships. We typically have found and we have typically made the decision that we want to complete a well and get the cash flow as soon as possible coming in the door. That's why Cimarex has never had a big DUC inventory and we've never had a strategic DUC operating philosophy, but that's how we'd look at that. And so when we say we have flexibility, those are our levers. But as of right now, as steady as she goes, our program is our program.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: No. You summarize it the same way I would have. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jamaal Dardar with Tudor, Pickering.
Jamaal Dardar - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Good morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Good morning.
Jamaal Dardar - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: I had a quick question on the Culberson slide once again. You mentioned a few more developments this year. Just wanted to see if we can get some details on what spacing that would pursue, given the consistent performance we've seen on these tighter spacing tests? And then I just wanted to get some clarification on the shallower (59:39) sands. If that was pervasive throughout the position, or is that more isolated on the western half?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, this is John. I can tell you that we have made a decision on spacing on our next upper Wolfcamp development which  given the area where we're going, I'm pretty sure that one's going to be an eight wells section. But again, it is  it's not a one-size-fit-all-across all the acreage. I think if you were to speak in general terms we feel very good at a base level of eight. And then leaning more toward higher counts, where the thickness and hydrocarbon place will allow us to do it. So, I'll just say that the next one certainly is at eight. We have not made a final decision on the one after that. In fact, we have a review coming up on that one here soon to decide what we'll do there. As far as the opportunity shallower, at least the maps that I've seen the way we're approaching it, I couldn't sit here and say that that it's ubiquitous across all our acreage there. I think it's most obvious to us and parts of the areas where we're testing it which is more on the western side and maybe the southern side. But I will also tell you that as we gain experience in drilling in that interval and understanding, say, an X, Y performance then that in itself changes our maps and then we reassess it and more than likely might open up new areas. It's just the way it always work for us that we go to where we think it's the most logical place and then from learnings, we're constantly surprised that what then opens up based on well results.
Jamaal Dardar - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: All right, thank you. That's helpful. And then just quickly on the gas gathering systems you outlined on your slides, just want to get a sense of the volumes there? And also, at what point do these assets not become strategic to hold onto longer-term?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, this is Joe. The Triple Crown is our biggest system and we're moving over 300 million a day off that line or off that system and Reeves's a bit behind that. As far as the value of the systems, I think that ties into your question as do you keep them or do you not? Right now, what we see is the true value to those systems or they really do two things. They allow us to have market flexibility, which is certainly panned out here over the last quarter and are securing these takeaway arrangements. And also gives us control of infrastructure where we can start, stop, slow down, move to the left, move to the right with our development over time. So, we see it as a valuable part of our development. And as far as monetizing them or whatever, that is something that we constantly challenge ourselves with, but we always balance that with the benefits of owning the systems. Tom, I don't know if you want to.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. Listen, this is subject of active debate and I think it's a good question. In a perfect world, if we could get perfect service and multiple marketing outlets, we would probably choose not to own these assets. But right now, we've got a really nimble responsive operation group that's seamless between producing the wells and managing our midstream assets. I think if you look at the Cimarex asset and you could see the level of detail that we see, you'd understand the operational efficiencies that owning these gathering systems gives us. We own and operate our own Gas Lift System, Central Gas Lift. Our wells have high runtime, high compressor runtime, we flare very little volume and we can also adjust our capital on demand. One of the challenges when dealing with the midstream partner and we talked on this call about commitments is they need some assurance ahead of time to make these capital commitments and they're going to want you to backstop them with long-term volumes. And so, we've made the decision at the present time to hang on to them. But we re-evaluate that more frequently than our operating group would certainly like us to where it's a constant argument and it's a good question, but right now, we think there's a lot of benefit to our profitability with our current structure.
Jamaal Dardar - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: All right. Thank you. I appreciate that.
Operator: The next question comes from John Nelson with Goldman Sachs.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good morning, and congratulations.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi, John.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi, Tom, and congratulations on the strong operational start to the year. I guess just a follow-on to the firm sales agreements, I kind of curious, were these recently put in place and you're just now disclosing because of a kind of recent investor focus, or have these agreements that you've had  the marketing departments kind of had as normal course operations for quite some time?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is Joe. If I recall correctly, I think last call, I mentioned that we were looking into assurance of flow by trying to work sales arrangements with entities that did have firms. So, I thought I may have mentioned it back then. It certainly was a focus at that time. We saw it as the focus when we saw things tightening up. But more importantly, at any one point in time, we would have a percentage of our take-in-kind volumes under anywhere from 6 months to a year-type-term sales agreements. In many cases, all we did was perpetuate those for longer period of time, and then add on to those existing agreements. So hopefully that answers your question, but it was ongoing and it was finalized this quarter.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful. And I'm sure you can't go into specifics, but given this is a topic de jour now. Can you talk about, given it seems like a decent amount of that was kind of contracted recently, did you find the terms to be that materially different as you kind of went through this more recent contracting, or were service midstream providers still pretty accommodative in getting you that firm sales capacity?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: And maybe it's by virtue of the nature that we've had a strong marketing team in place for many, many years with a number of relationships. We did not have problems getting the capacity in any way, shape or form. And the price basis upon which we obtained the contracts was not exorbitant. In at least one particular case, we took on the firm transport that that purchaser was going to need to take on as part of our price. But surprisingly enough to me, I felt like if things are this tight, it was rather easy for us to line up these contracts.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: I'll just say furthering Joe's point. We believe in relationships, we believe in good relationships with our long-term owners. We believe in good relationships with many of you on this call over time and that we want to be clear, credible and pretty transparent with you on our business and how we manage it. And our marketing group, certainly, exhibits that with good long-term marketing arrangements. And so, I was very impressed with our marketing group's ability to extend those relationships. And as Joe said, we feared that this was a herculean task and it's  they'd probably cringe for me to say they made it look easy, but it was really relationships that we've established over time so.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's helpful. And then just as a separate question. Have you guys seen any disproportionate widening of condensate realizations in the Permian, as the kind of overall basin dip has weakened?
G. Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.: John, this is Mark. Yeah, I'm not aware of additional condensate widening. Are you talking about API type deducts, John or....
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah, exactly.
G. Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, not that I'm aware of John. Our realizations in the first quarter were very strong as we continue to move through the year and we'll continue to monitor that. Obviously, all the basin price moves, there could be other ramifications. But through the first quarter, there's been a very strong realizations in the Permian. We're just monitoring that Mid-Cush differential, obviously.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, if you look at our API gravity throughout the basin, certainly our widest is in Culberson, and we've got pretty good contracts there in place. So, we watch that, but so far so good.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Congrats, again, on the quarter.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tom Jorden for any closing remarks.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I just want to thank, everybody, you've asked some great questions this morning as we always expect. We're having a good year. We look forward to continuing to execute as I said in my opening remarks. That's where the rubber meets the road. There is a lot of companies out there that have top-tier assets, Cimarex is, certainly, one. And operational capability and consistency of execution is, certainly, a goal we set for ourselves and the goal we expect you to set for us. So, thank you for your good questions and look forward to our conversation next quarter.
Operator: This conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Acierno - Director of IR Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President and CEO John Lambuth - SVP of Exploration Joseph R. Albi - EVP and COO Mark Burford - VP and CFO
Analysts: Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley Neil Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Arun Jayaram - JP Morgan Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. David Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets John Nelson - Goldman Sachs Joseph Allman - Baird Equity
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Cimarex Energy Fourth Quarter Conference Call. All participants are currently in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Karen Acierno, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Karen Acierno: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Cimarex Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2017 Conference Call. An updated presentation was posted to our Web-site yesterday afternoon and we will be referring to this presentation during the call today. Our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause the actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K and other filings and news releases for the risk factors associated with our business. We expect to file our 10-K for the end of the year next week. We will begin our prepared remarks with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden, followed by an update on our drilling activities from John Lambuth, our SVP of Exploration. And then, Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on operations, including production and well costs. Mark Burford is also present to help answer any questions. Again, so that we can accommodate more of your questions during the hour we have allotted for the call, we'd like to ask you that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up, and then feel free to get back in the queue if you like. So, just one last thing before I turn the call over to Tom, you may have noticed our new and improved Web-site, which we went live with last weekend. In addition to the updated Investor Relations page, we have added quite a lot of information under the Corporate Responsibility tab, especially with regards to the environment. There are new sections on Seismicity, Hydraulic Fracturing, and Spill Prevention, as well as expanded disclosure on Water Management and Air Quality. So we hope you find it useful and appreciate any feedback you might have. So, with that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden: Thank you, Karen, and thank you for everyone for joining our call. Cimarex had an outstanding year in 2017. We invested $1.28 billion and achieved excellent investment returns in both the Anadarko and Permian basins. Our overall program returns were excellent by historical standards. Our operating group delivered seamless execution in 2017 as we avoided operational hiccups that plagued many of our peers. Our investment and operational performance led Cimarex to achieve top line annual production growth of 19%, including 27% growth in our oil production. More importantly, we achieved a 15% growth in debt/adjusted production per share and 13% growth in debt/adjusted reserves per share. We accomplished this while living within cash flow and cash on hand. All in all, it was an excellent year and we [exclude] [ph] our organization for accomplishing these results. Our challenge now is to do it again. Our 2018 plans call for us to invest $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, 70% of which will be in the Delaware Basin. The remaining 30% will be directed to highly profitable Woodford and Meramec projects in the Anadarko Basin. Our top-tier assets near Anadarko and Delaware basins and contiguous land positions provides for greater capital efficiency as our programs further move into development projects. We expect to deliver 11% to 16% total production growth and 21% to 26% oil growth in 2018. Once again, as in 2017, we plan to achieve these results within cash flow and cash on hand. In 2018, oil sales will account for 62% of our revenue, NGL sales for 19% of our revenue, and residue gas sales will account for 18% of our revenue. Our ongoing emphasis on the Delaware Basin and the liquids rich portions of the Woodford and Meramec plays will continue to balance our exposure to swings in commodity prices. In developing capital plans, we also look hard at the percentage of total capital that goes into drilling and completion. Setting production capital aside, these drilling and completion dollars are the engine of our profitability. All other costs, which include land, midstream, saltwater disposal, and G&A, must be carried by the profitability of our drilling program. Thus, we look carefully at the percent of our total E&D capital that is drilling and completion dollars, and the percent of our total expenditures that are drilling and completion dollars. Our 2018 program has a good mix year, well above the average for the past 13 years. Our experience guides us to view this as a key metric to sustaining long-term profitable growth. One attribute of Cimarex is that we measure ourselves relentlessly. We take apart each of our programs and study them to calibrate our actual results compared to our pre-drill expectations. We look at actual to expected costs, actual to expected production, and actual to expected reserve bookings. Our goal in studying these metrics is to calibrate our decision-making, understand what is and what is not working, and seek to make better decisions going forward. We cannot always control the outcome but we can control the decision. We strive to have actual to expected results that are in close agreement. This gives us greater confidence in making future investment decisions. Our 2017 overall program exhibited strong repeatability, as measured by actual to expected results. In laying out our 2018 capital plans, this consistency of results gives us confidence to increase our pace of activity. Furthermore, we will direct a higher proportion of our total capital to Delaware Basin in 2018. This decision is driven by the outstanding returns and programmer feasibility. Simply put, these are great investments. We learned a lot in 2017 as we experimented with numerous downspacing projects in both the Anadarko and Delaware basins. Having a footprint in each basin makes us stronger in both. Our organization is adept at bringing learnings from one basin to the other and we expect our geosciences and operations staff to stay curious. During 2017, our understanding of well spacing, optimum completion design, landing zone selection, and optimum facility design, increased dramatically because of the pilot projects we completed. We are ready for the challenge to repeat that operational excellence in 2018. Finally, I'd like to make a few comments on our value creation thesis. Cimarex has long held to the thesis that our goal is to increase net asset value per share and that the best way to do this is to reinvest our cash flow in the most profitable projects we can find. There is an ongoing conversation among energy analysts and investors that this is an indictment of the industry for destroying value through the commodity cycles. We are highly sympathetic to the spirit of this to date, although we do not think this was a one-size-fits-all approach and that we do not think that's the appropriate response. Each company needs to respond in a manner that fits their assets, their investment performance, and their balance sheet. If our sector is guilty of destroying capital through the cycles, we do not necessarily think the solution is to do less of it. We think the solution is to fix the core problem. How can we invest through the cycles and create real value over time, this is Cimarex's focus. We perform an annual look-back on every year, every program, and every well we have drilled since the inception of Cimarex in 2003. There are over 4,000 wells in our look-back. We take each well and bring it current with actual production over time, actual revenue received, and actual expenditures incurred since it was drilled. This look-back is a critical part of calibrating ourselves and making sure that we understand our real value creation over time. There is a treasure trove of data within our annual look-back and we mine it thoroughly. We look at the impact of commodity prices, actual to expected production, actual to expected reserves, and actual to expected expenditures. This analysis helps us understand the relative influence of each factor in our value creation. We are in the business of investing and this analysis identifies where we are doing well and where we need to do better. We are fully committed to value creation and we understand that it is not measured by growth. We are confident that our 2018 capital program is the right solution for Cimarex. We are achieving top-tier returns on invested capital and the 2018 program will continue that momentum. Service cost inflation is a factor as we look into 2018 and we have factored this into our plans. And as I said, we are in the process of incorporating lessons from our look-back in order to protect our investment returns. Our commodity downside stress test on each investment we make is a critical discipline point for us. We will be discussing lessons from our look-back more fully as the year goes on. Nonetheless, we are confident that our 2018 capital program will deliver robust full cycle returns and is the right answer for Cimarex. Enough of the preamble, we have some exciting results to update you on today. We had a great year in 2017 and look to repeat it. Our strong 2017 results calibrate our acceleration into 2019. We are seeing the benefits of our emphasis on science, our organizational capability, and the focus on fully burdened investment returns that permeate our culture. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
John Lambuth: Thanks Tom. During the fourth quarter, Cimarex invested $344 million in exploration and development activities, bringing the total for 2017 to $1.28 billion. $980 million was invested into drilling and completion of new wells. These investments yielded excellent results for Cimarex, including growth in both reserves and production. We drilled or participated in 319 gross, 98 net wells in 2017, with 59% of our capital spent in the Permian region and 39% in Mid-Continent. As you've heard, our 2018 plans estimate total exploration and development capital at $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, with $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion going towards the drilling and completion of wells. This amount of drilling and completion capital represents 82% of our total exploration and development investment, up from 77% in 2017. We currently operate 14 gross rigs, with 10 in the Permian region and four in Mid-Continent. We plan to spend nearly 70% of our drill and complete capital in the Permian, with the rest going to Mid-Continent region. Mainly due to increases in working interest, in particular higher working interest in Permian than Mid-Continent, these 14 operated rigs will be drilling 28% more lateral feel than the 13.25 average gross operated rigs drilled last year. Now I'll turn to some specifics of each region. I will start with the Permian region. We completed and brought online several Permian spacing pilots in 2017. The Tim Tam pilot, which consisted of five 10,000 foot laterals at equivalent of six well spacing in the Lower Wolfcamp came on production early last year and has yielded a great result with a calculated after-tax internal rate of return of 67% for this project. Drilling is underway on the Animal Kingdom infill development in Culberson County, which consist of eight 10,000 foot laterals, testing the equivalent of 14 wells per section by both decreasing the space between wells in a bench plus adding an additional landing zone in the top part of the Lower Wolfcamp. These wells are expected to be on production around midyear. Another important test, the Seattle Slew pilot, has now been on production for 120 days. These six 7,500 foot wells tested equivalent of 12 wells per section in the Upper Wolfcamp. The learnings from this project along with the results of the other two Upper Wolfcamp spacing pilots of Gato and Sunny's Halo which tested six and eight wells per section, have enabled us to gain greater confidence on how best to design the ultimate development spacing for the vast majority of our Culberson County Upper Wolfcamp position. We have five development projects planned for the Upper Wolfcamp across our acreage position in 2019, with two of them located in Culberson County. Lastly, I want to talk about the increased activity we have planned in Lea County, New Mexico. In the fourth quarter 2017, we started drilling on our Red Hills acreage block two 10,000 foot laterals in the Upper Wolfcamp and three 10,000 foot wells in the Avalon interval. These wells will assist us in the confirmation of the appropriate frac design for this area. We have also begun drilling a spacing pilot in the Upper Wolfcamp that will test the equivalent of 12 wells per section within one bench and we have spud an Avalon spacing pilot that will be testing the equivalent of 20 wells per section in a stack/stagger pattern within one zone. All of these wells are expected to have first production around midyear 2018. This is an exciting area where due to our high percentage of contiguous acreage, we have the opportunity to develop with 10,000 foot laterals. Now, onto the Mid-Continent. We had a very productive year at Mid-Continent region during 2017. We completed the obligation drilling associated with our Meramec position and now hold all of our 115,000 Meramec acreage by production. I will refer you to Slide 24 of our presentation as I discuss some of the recent highlights in the region. First, we completed a three well stacked Woodford/Meramec test in the 14-10 township in Canadian County, Oklahoma. This test called the Woolfolk/NIB confirmed results of our Leon Gundy spacing pilot and it included two [landings] [ph] in the Meramec and one in the Woodford. Further, this test shows that changes in cadence of the well completion has had a positive impact on overall results. Another Cimarex-operated Meramec test nearby, the Mike Com 1H-1720X had a very encouraging result with an average 30-day peak IP of 4,353 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 10% was oil, 29% NGL, and 61% gas. Cimarex operates nearly all of the 24,000 gross acres within the 14-10 township area with an average working interest of 62%. For 2018, we intend to operate four Meramec development projects across our acreage position. Based on math variations within the Meramec interval as well as ours and other operators' recent pilot results, these development projects are being custom designed for each section in order to maximize both returns and present value. Thus, the range of spacing that we will be drilling is from 3 to 10 wells per section, again based on the thickness of measured hydrocarbon in place for each section that we will develop. Drilling activity continues in the high return Lone Rock area where Cimarex has six long lateral Woodford wells on production with average 30-day peak initial production of 1,806 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 35% of which is oil, 36% gas, and 29% NGL. The Company is currently drilling the Shelly spacing pilot in Lone Rock with first production expected mid-summer and has plans for a second spacing test with JD Hoppinscotch later this year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph R. Albi: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining us on our call today. I'll update you on the usual items of our fourth quarter and our full-year 2017 production, our outlook for 2018 production, and then I'll finish up with a few comments on LOE and services costs. As Tom mentioned, we had a solid fourth quarter from a production standpoint. With reported equivalent volume of 1.204 BCF per day, we came in above the midpoint of our guidance and set Company records for all products in both the Permian and Mid-Continent regions as well as at the total Company level. With mark, our equivalent production was up 5% over Q3 2017 and 25% over Q4 2016. Oil volumes drove the growth with a fourth-quarter net oil production of 61,771 barrels a day, up 36% over the fourth quarter of 2016, a direct result of our 2017 capital allocation focus on high rate of return liquids projects in both the Permian and Mid-Continent. With Q4 in the books, our 2017 average net equivalent production came in at 1.142 Bcfe per day. That's up 18.6% over 2016. Strong activity levels in both the Permian and the Mid-Continent generated the growth, resulting in nice year-over-year net equivalent production gains in both regions, with our 2017 Permian posting of 631 million a day, up 25% over 2016, and our Mid-Continent volume of 509 million a day, up 11%. Moving on to our 2018 production outlook, with more than 55% of our production now comprised of liquids and the deep inventory of high liquid growing projects in our portfolio, we're now providing production guidance and other metrics in oil equivalent rather than gas. With our continued focus on Permian and Mid-Continent high liquids project, our current model projects our 2018 production to average 211,000 to 221,000 BOE per day, an increase of 11% to 16% over 2017. Similar to 2017, we're projecting another strong year for oil growth, with forecasted 2018 oil volumes up 21% to 26% over 2017. We also built into the model a very small property sale which we closed in January, which reduced our volumes by approximately 1,100 BOE per day. Our 2018 program includes a significant number of multi-well infill projects in both the Permian and the Mid-Continent. Significant production contributions from our Animal Kingdom, Hallertau, Snowshoe, and Triste Draw projects in the Permian as well as our [indiscernible], Shelly and Steve O projects in the Mid-Continent are forecasted to occur during the second half of the year. As a result, with approximately 45 net wells anticipated to come online in the first half of the year and 82 net wells forecasted in the second half of the year, we're projecting fairly flat production levels through Q2 with a strong ramp in production during Q3 and Q4. With the ramp, we are forecasting fourth quarter oil volumes to be up 29%c to 34% over Q4 2017, mirroring what we did this last year. After incorporating our property sale and additional January Permian production downtime of about 4,000 to 5,000 BOE per day associated with weather, compression maintenance, repair, and construction related type set-ins, we're forecasting our Q1 2018 output to average 198,000 to 207,000 BOE per day, relatively flat to slightly up from our last quarter Q4 2017 and up 12% to 17% from first quarter a year ago. Shifting gears to OpEx, our Q4 lifting cost came in at $3.89 per BOE, right at the midpoint of our guidance of $3.60 to $4.20. Our resulting full-year 2017 OpEx averaged $3.77 per BOE. That's down 5% and 25% from our 2016 and 2015 postings respectively. To date, our production team has been able to fight off cost pressures and maintaining operating cost structure we've worked so hard to achieve, ultimately keeping our overall lifting cost somewhat in check. Looking into 2018, with the fluctuating nature of workover expenses and our liquids-rich drilling focus, we're projecting our full year lifting cost to be in the range of $3.75 to $4.35 per BOE. And lastly, some comments on drilling and completion cost. On the drilling side, although rig day rates seem to be somewhat in check, we are seeing some cost pressures on ancillary services such as surface rentals and labor, and as a result, and again depending on area, we've seen slight increases in the drilling portion of our AFEs. As always, we continue to fight off these cost pressures through drilling efficiencies. On the completion side, we've seen additional upward pressure in the cost per frac operations, in particular the cost for services and for proppant. As an example and on a total Company average basis, we've seen our service cost per stage pumped increase approximately 20% and our cost per proppant increase approximately 10% since the third quarter of 2017. As such, we stay focused on refining our completion designs to offset the cost increases, all the while concentrating on improved well productivity. To reduce associated costs, we're executing zipper fracs and recycling water where we can and we continue to explore sand-sourcing potential in the Permian. To ensure crew efficiency and adequate prop sourcing as in all quarters past, we maintain a consistent number of frac leads and plan our resource needs well in advance, and as a result we've had no significant issues procuring the resources when and where we need them. The drilling and completion cost increases has made their way into our current AFEs. In the Permian, depending on area, the interval, facility design, and logistics for frac efficiencies, our current Wolfcamp 2-mile AFEs are running $11 million to $13 million. With our New Mexico Bone Spring development now extending from the shallower areas of Southern Eddy County into the deeper areas of Northern Eddy and Lea counties, our 1-mile Bone Spring AFEs are now running $7 million to $8.5 million. And in Cana, with the revised completion design to help offset cost increases, our 1-mile lateral Woodford AFEs are running $7.5 million to $8 million. And finally, with our current frac design, our 2-mile Meramec AFEs are running $11.8 million to $12.8 million, up from the levels we quoted last call of $10 million to $11.5 million. So, in closing, 2017 worked according to plan. With a solid Q4, we closed the year with record production and year-over-year production growth of about 19%. Our 2017 liquids-rich focus generated sizable production gains in both the Permian and the Mid-Continent and we demonstrated 36% oil growth from Q4 2016 to Q4 2017. With similar projects slated for 2018, our strong Q4 2017 exit rate is forecasted to hold flat until the middle of the year when our Permian and Mid-Continent multi-well infill projects are forecasted to generate another sizable production ramp, a ramp projected to result 11% to 16% year-over-year production growth and a Q4 of 2018 oil volume in 29% to 34% above our record Q4 2017 level. We're working hard to fight off cost pressures on all fronts. Despite the pressures we've seen, we continue to generate great returns from our drilling program. The stage is set for another successful year here in 2018 and we're excited to execute our plan. So with that, I'll turn the call open to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Drew Venker from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Drew Venker: Tom, I want to start on your prepared remarks addressing costs and specifically costs other than D&C, it sounds like you think there's potentially some evidence to reduce those in the future. Maybe you could speak to what you've looked at and reviewed recently that could potentially impact the 2018 spend and if you see ways to improve on that going forward?
Thomas E. Jorden: As you know, we compile a lot of data and we look at that ratio carefully. As I said in my remarks, the percentage of our total capital, our drilling and completion cost is a really important metric. Not only have we seen our program be stronger if that ratio is high, but we've also seen some of our peers from time to time that have gotten into trouble, and carry it back to seeing that ratio get out of balance. You have to make some of these other investments. Land investments are critical part of our projects. Certainly the midstream investments we're making, although we attempt to minimize them where we can, they do contribute to the profitability of our production base. And then we have to make saltwater disposal investments in order to also facilitate our production. Now, would I love to see our drilling and completion dollars be 100% of our total capital? Yes, absolutely, because those are our most profitable investments and the other investments service those. But that's not feasible. Now, we are looking at some things that we can explore to try to minimize that. We don't have anything specific we can talk about, but I will say this. We look at those ratios and our ratios for 2018 are really, really healthy. And I quoted a 13-year average. That's only because that's as far back as I have good accounting data to really compare that, that's going back to 2006, but we're in very good shape with our 2018 capital program as to how those profitable drilling and completion dollars are balanced against total capital.
Drew Venker: Excellent color, Tom. And then just on the spending philosophy and the capital plan, you guys raised money back in 2016 and you guys are still working on spending that in addition to cash flow. I'm thinking, beyond when you spend that cash balance, what do you think is the right spending philosophy relative to cash flow or otherwise longer-term, does it make sense to return cash to shareholders at some point as you kind of bear the fruit of all these investments, whether buybacks or dividends, or maybe is that too long a term to think about at this point?
Thomas E. Jorden: No, it's not too long-term at all. We've always said that we would like to maintain the balance sheet where our debt to cash flow is 1.5x or less, and we haven't changed our strives there. Now as we look ahead, I think in this commodity environment what we've been in the last few years, we will probably have a strong reluctance to not borrow. That's not a promise but I will say that we work very hard looking at our future and our bias is to live within cash flow or minimize our borrowings. As far as returning cash to shareholders, we do pay dividend. I've talked at length that we cut that dividend in 2016. None of us felt particularly good about that, although that was the right decision at the time. And our Board, I will tell you I think is going to be looking at that and our bias is to recommend restoring that dividend to its high watermark as much as prudently possible. That will be a decision for the full Board but we'd like to see that dividend get back to its high watermark and then on a good growth trajectory. I don't know that you can expect share buyback out of us. We are really achieving great returns on invested capital. I will tell you, as an owner of Cimarex, I'd rather have Cimarex invest the returns that we are achieving rather than give the cash back, and I think many of our long-term owners feel the same, that not that share buybacks are off the table but we're going to have a bias to increase our dividend and just make sure that we're making good profitable investments with our remaining cash. Mark, you want to comment on that?
Mark Burford: No, I think you said it well, Tom.
Drew Venker: Thanks for the color, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Dingmann from SunTrust. Please go ahead with your question.
Neil Dingmann: Tom or John, or even Joe, my question really addresses your production timing. Recognizing that you have the 2018 guidance out, nothing beyond, could you all talk about the type of impact on total production these large pads like the Animal Kingdom or Snowshoe will have? Really guys what I'm trying to get a sense of, if essentially the benefit of these large A+ type well pads will essentially be more in 2019 than 2018, obviously recognizing you don't have any sort of 2019 guidance out?
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. By virtue of me just saying that we're going to be flat from basically Q4 through Q2, and then all of a sudden we talk about the fourth quarter oil growth and the year-over-year production growth, there is a strong ramp. This is going to give us a real nice accelerate into 2019. Surely no different than years past where we've had these program ramps. Other than from my standpoint, we have like seven of them now, and all of them are coming on at the same time. So, as you really look to us getting more into development mode, I think this is going to kind of be the norm. We're going to have a number of projects where you got six to eight or god knows how many wells all coming on at once, and I think we're gone from the days where you've got this steady single well growth to program platform growth like we're seeing. So, I'm kind of dancing around your question at 2019 because we really haven't modelled that in tremendous detail, but what I will tell you is that it's a very strong ramp going into the fourth quarter and it's not beginning in the fourth quarter or it's beginning in the third quarter. So, from a timing standpoint if it were to get delayed, it's not going to, the ones I hate are the ones that all come on around November/December, and if you have any hiccup, it's pushing to the next year. But you know what, this production thing, maybe to philosophize it a little bit like Tom just did, we're measured quarter to quarter and you're looking at quarter to quarter production. What we're looking at is net asset value growth and the returns that are being generated by those production ramps are what are key to us. And if they move out a month or move forward a month, it's not what we are focused on. We're focused on a return on invested capital.
Thomas E. Jorden: John, you comment, because I know you study this hard as far as the impact of these big projects and what should we do when we [split them up] [ph].
John Lambuth: No, I think as we look at our per unit drilling cost, absolutely the big projects make sense from our standpoint. I do want to add a little bit color and I want to be clear, it's not like we plan for these projects all to come home in the second half. There are some in this particular case mitigating circumstance. One is our Avalon pilot. Basically we ran into, we could start the completions and then we have to become very inefficient because we run into what we call the prairie chicken season and we'd have to then shut down there a period of time. Thus, we decided it's best to delay it after that. That pushed it back later in the year. And then secondly, our Shelly pilot, we're doing a lot of science with that including surface micro-seismic, and so we've imposed a single frac crew on that particular pilot. Again, in normal operations we'd expect to have two frackers out there. That further delays it. So there are some operational things that are also pushing it. I would expect that as we get more and more to these individual developments, I think you'll see it line out more than always being in backend loaded. It's just this particular year a couple of our more  we had a little bit longer delay than what they normally would.
Neil Dingmann: Great answer, guys, and I absolutely agree. Given the cost basis, this seems to make a lot of sense. Just one quick follow-up, John or Joe, any indication or just thoughts about, I know it's early, but around the Lone Rock area as far as indications or thoughts around spacing there?
John Lambuth: That's why we've drilled both the Shelly pilot and why we've gone ahead and moved to the next pilot I mentioned. We want to get that one in the ground too. We feel very good about eight wells. That's what we're testing. The additional pilot that we're going to start drilling here very soon is on the more eastern side, so it's the more liquid-rich side, so now we'll have nice book in pilots on either end of our Lone Rock position. I think with both of those outcomes in hand, we'll be in very good shape to move forward pretty confidently in terms of how we would build that acreage.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, our team is confident to bet on the 10,000 foot long development projects that are just waiting to be [numbered] [ph].
John Lambuth: Yes, they are.
Neil Dingmann: Very good, guys. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible] from JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Arun Jayaram: This is Arun Jayaram from JP Morgan. Couple of questions. I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about your Lea County program. It looks like 225 million of capital. Could you just highlight some of the projects in the Triste Draw and the Red Hills area in 2018?
John Lambuth: This is John. If you go to Slide 21 in our presentation, we highlight both where the Triste Draw is as well as the Hallertau. Really both of those are again spacing pilots to really get us further along in terms of what we think ultimately spacing will be both in the Upper Wolfcamp as well as in the Avalon. Furthermore, in the Red Hills area itself, we were looking at that slide. Off to the east, you see the large acreage position, kind of what we call the Main Red Hills Park. That is where we have several long laterals that we are drilling, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, where we're just reconfirming our expectation of results with the frac design. There are some outstanding wells that are drilled in close proximity to that acreage position. This is an area that we've been wanting to get to. It's an area that we've often said is HBP. So it's not something we need to drill the hole. But now we've decided to move quite a bit of capital in there because the returns look fantastic. And so, we're very excited about getting back up in the Lea County. I think the one thing I want to point out is we're also expanding or delineating. We have a number of wells trying to push the boundaries of in terms of what we think is profitable Wolfcamp and Avalon drilling. I think that's going to again put us in a much better position going forward in the 2019 for further development in that area. But it's without a doubt, when I look at our overall drilling program, this area in particular generates some of the most top tier returns we have.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just my follow-up gentlemen, your outlook highlights a lot of completions in the third quarter, I think over 50. Could you talk about kind of the organization's ability, Tom, to meet that number? And just wanted to follow up also, what are your key LFS supplies? Halliburton had highlighted this morning some delays on the sand side. I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about that, is that perhaps impacting your 1Q completion schedule. I think you did say, you're self-sourcing some sand, but wondered if you could highlight or talk about these two points.
Thomas E. Jorden: I'll just speak to that and then turn it over to Joe. We are very confident in our ability to execute those completions. We do sit and talk to our service suppliers and line out our program. We've had very good success working at these problems. I'm very, very confident that we're going to be able to handle these logistics. Joe, you want to talk about sand bottlenecks?
Joseph R. Albi: As far as the logistics, I mentioned that we plan well in advance with crews and what have you and we've probably increased our crews from three to five here in the next few months and we've already got the crews lined up with our providers. So I don't see any issues there. Our batteries are constructed in quick fashion along with the fracs and so forth to getting the wells online. Unless of course we have any issues fracking the wells or what have you, we see no delays there. From what I understand about the sand build issue, the Permian right now is directly related to rail, which is directly related to weather. And we're seeing, from our guys' standpoint, it's kind of being a relative hiccup and the sand that we've already procured in advance of our upcoming operations should not be affected at all by that. If it were to continue, then we'd probably see a slight problem.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, as you said, we haven't heard what remarks Halliburton made this morning, but we've had a lot of conversations with them about the short-term hiccup and it's not giving us any material concern. But go ahead.
Arun Jayaram: I was just going to say, did that have any impact on your 1Q completion count? Sounds like the answer is no.
Thomas E. Jorden: No.
Arun Jayaram: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell from Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead with your question.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning and congratulations on the quarter and all these multicenter projects coming up. I wanted to ask you with regard to Slide 13, are you at liberty to say how many new locations have been created by the successful Western Culberson Upper Wolfcamp results, of if you prefer, can you talk about how many acres this might open up for further exploration?
John Lambuth: This is John. First off, we're very, very pleased with those drilling results on the western side of Culberson County. The deliverability from those wells is just incredible. And furthermore, the yield content has been quite frankly a little bit higher than even we anticipated. So, they are generating outstanding rate of return results. I think what that's done, that drilling has kind of given us greater confidence now that the vast majority of that Culberson position looks extremely profitable from a development go-forward basis for the Upper Wolfcamp. Now, in terms of what this development look like across the breadth of all of that acreage, we recognize there's variations there, so no one-size-fits-all, but I can at least say with confidence that the minimum average number of wells in Upper Wolfcamp will be at least eight, if not more than that, across the breadth of all that acreage. Now in some places it will be even more and some maybe a little less, but certainly over the vast majority of that acreage, there will be at least eight wells per section on average developed there. That's kind of what the pilots are leading us to now. I will point out, what will change that for us is we are currently testing additional shallower landing zones in the Upper Wolfcamp in Culberson. We have a number of wells now that we have landed, and what's called the X and Y sands which sit right above the very rich shale part of the Upper Wolfcamp. Up until recently, we've put all our wells in the shale itself, but now we've moved even higher, and as we continue to watch those results, if we get strong encouragement, then that alone may increase the number of wells we can do just in terms of adding another bench. That is something that we'll be monitoring through the year and certainly adjusting our plans if those results are encouraging.
Thomas E. Jorden: So, we didn't answer your question. We don't publish well counts but that whole area between the Upper and Lower Wolfcamp is just amazingly prolific. John talked about spacing the Upper Wolfcamp, our Animal Kingdom test 14 wells in the Lower Wolfcamp. Those are independent zones. We can develop one and come in years later and develop the other, and there's not a concern about [fairness] [ph]. So, it's just an absolutely wonderful arena and we can drill 2-mile laterals at will. There's discussion about even testing a 3-mile lateral there. So, we'll be working out here for decades to come.
Jeffrey Campbell: Actually I appreciate your answer a lot. I thought there was plenty of good color there. I just want to make sure I understood the last part that John was talking about. Are you saying that you're testing the XY in Culberson?
John Lambuth: Yes.
Jeffrey Campbell: A lot of the XY testing that I've seen has been further the east.
John Lambuth: Yes, it has. And we have, per experience of our other drilling in other parts of the basin as well as other operators, we are very intrigued with that section. Thus, we have moved up into it with a number of tests and hopefully in the coming releases I'll be able to talk about those wells. So, we'll see.
Jeffrey Campbell: Yes, we'll look forward to those results. If I could just as a follow-up ask a broader question, when I look at a slide like Slide 28 for the Shelly spacing test and you've talked about that in response to an earlier question, I'm just trying to understand, are these and of course other tests elsewhere, are these sort of iterative exercises in highly similar geology or does an eight-well test in one place and a 12-well test in another already illustrate a view that some of the acreage is more likely to support additional wells versus other acreage?
John Lambuth: This is John. First off, obviously we've done a lot of drilling development in the Woodford Shale, and so I think we have a pretty good understanding in terms of, for instance like our latest Clyde Copeland results, we learned a lot from that in terms of what ultimate spacing might be. But the reason you might look at a Shelly and ask yourself, why they are doing 8 and 12, testing both in one pilot, it's simply as we move to the south, we are dealing with a little bit different thickness, a little bit different in terms of pressure regime, and even a little bit different in terms of hydrocarbon content. So, as much as we're confident in what that spacing will look like, we still need to test kind of some of the [in-member] [ph] balance of it, then we have greater confidence when we do go full development on the acreage. So that's why you go out with a Shelly type pilot, just to kind of reconfirm our expectation for the rest of that Lone Rock acreage.
Thomas E. Jorden: We had a lot of debate on this. We wanted to try a little tighter spacing because of our really interesting results in our Clyde Copeland test. Our Clyde Copeland test was testing 16 and 20 wells per section, little thicker part of the Woodford, and we also discovered in our Clyde Copeland test a really meaningful result when we stack/staggered for the low Chevron pattern in our wells. So, it was really based on that result that we wanted to just go a little bit tighter in Shelly, but it's not thick enough there to do the stack/stagger, so we kind of just said, we'll just try a little tighter, we'll do 8 and 12. We call these things pilots. They are really development projects. We're just going to try some things along the way and continue to learn.
John Lambuth: If I could real quick, if you look at Slide 27 in fact, we show the updated Clyde Copeland results and you will now see that indeed the 20 well spacing wells are even starting to separate themselves over time, and again, that's that learning of staggering within that thick Woodford Shale. That was a very important learning for us and something we're going to incorporate in future development projects in the Woodford where we have sufficient thickness to do that.
Jeffrey Campbell: Right. This is really great color. I guess what I'm getting from this is, this project really is unique and that goes in line with what you just said that these are really development projects. And also, if I can just add as a follow-up, you mentioned that you're doing some science in Shelly and it sounds like the reason for doing that is because there is actually several different variables that you're trying to test. Is that the way to think of it?
John Lambuth: Yes, you can think of it that way. One of the biggest outcomes that also came from Clyde Copeland is, we did deploy what we call surface micro-seismic, and we learned a lot from that in terms of our efficacy of our frac design, the interaction between individual wells and a development like that, and we felt it was crucial that we deploy the same type of science with that first pilot down at Lone Rock. We really think that getting that done now early, we're going to learn a lot about how best to for example the cadence of which wells to complete first within a major developed section, we are zipper-fracking but then there's things we look at in terms of the staggering of where we are in the bore hole. There's a lot we've learned by having that science out there, and as I mentioned, we've decided to get the best benefit out of that pilot, we'll do that which is one frac crew.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, great. Thanks. I appreciate. Always learn something on these calls, that's why I look forward to them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Portillo from TPH. Please go ahead with your question.
Matthew Portillo: Just a quick follow-up question in regards to service cost inflation. Are you currently baking in benefit from the acceleration of use on zipper fracs and then sourcing of regional sand, or does that potentially help mitigate some of the cost inflation as you move into 2018?
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. I'll take a stab at that. To the extent, and John can jump in to the greater percentages that we'll come at on wells, in particular in the Wolfcamp we'll grow our first well and build a battery that is not only going to accommodate the first well but plan for up to seven additional wells on that battery. So when I quote a Wolfcamp cost range, you could assume that the first well is probably going to be on the upper end of that range and the additional add-on wells would be on the lower end of that range. The economies of scale that you see there are reduced battery cost and then those add-on wells you are usually growing multiple number of wells, so that's where you can see some cost gains or cost benefits, excuse me, associated with zipper fracking and water sourcing. So, yes, to the extent that the inventory of wells that we have in our budget are add-on wells, they are going to reflect those costs, and if it's a first well, it's going to reflect the other cost. The sand sourcing part of your question, no, the benefits from sand sourcing are not in the equation yet. We think we're right around the corner from having some in place there that could have sizable cost benefits to us.
John Lambuth: I'll follow-up with Joe. The only thing I would add is, what we're representing new, as Joe said, our go forward expectation for this possibility today. I mean we crude up [indiscernible] as best we can to represent what we think we'll be spending per well. But I will tell you, in terms of some of these plays, Meramec in particular, we are looking long and hard at our current frac design and looking at in fact some of our offset operators and asking ourselves could we perhaps get similar results with maybe a change, a systematic change in design, it may actually save a little bit on the cost side. I think we're at that part in the Meramec where, and let me be clear, we're extremely pleased with our Meramec program over the course of the latter half of 2017, now we're at that point we're saying, okay, are there some tweaks we can make to the design that may pull back the cost a little and still get still superior returns, and that's something that we're discussing right now internally.
Joseph R. Albi: Are increased costs baked into our capital budget plan? The answer is, yes. And it's reflected, you can do simple math and just look at the cost increases that I quoted for the Meramec program as well as the Wolfcamp program and do some back of the envelope calculations to see that those represent a fair portion of the capital budget this year. With sand sourcing, through the efficiencies John is talking about, it's our intention to get those costs down and keep our productivity where it is.
Matthew Portillo: Great. And then as my follow-up just a quick two-part question I think for John. One, we noticed that you guys are adding some incremental activity to Ward County in 2018 and I was wondering if you could provide any color on results from last year and how you're thinking about that asset moving forward? And then two, just a quick follow-up on the XY, obviously a new target that you're testing, do you already have results in hand and do you have any thoughts around just the liquids yields on that asset in Culberson?
John Lambuth: In regards your second question, I'm not going to really comment on that because it's still early on the flowback of the wells, so we'll just have to wait and see. As to the first part in Ward, we do have two wells on production now and we are learning a lot from that. There are a couple of comments I'll make. There is always a concern on our part that with that existing layer of Third Bone wells, how would new wells interact with that. I think we're getting more confident now that we can land in that upper part of the Wolfcamp and achieve pretty good results and not have a detrimental effect on those Third Bone Spring wells, that's been a good outcome. We're getting better at understanding one of the things in Ward is  one of the things I look at is just water cut that's a huge component to the returns. I think we're getting a better handle on our expectation there. And then quite frankly the thing that's helping us there are a lot of competitor wells that have come on recently, some outstanding wells that are quite frankly very close to our existing position. So we're very excited to go out there and test some of those Upper Wolfcamp landing zones nearby some recent competitor wells that look pretty attractive to us. So we have a number of, I think it's around four or five wells that I think we'll be drilling this year in Ward, scattered throughout the year as we continue to test across our acreage.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum from KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your question.
David Deckelbaum: Tom, I wanted to ask because you highlighted the progress you made in 2017, how you think about creating value for shareholders as you look into 2018 with more of these larger projects? You highlighted in the release I think a lot of, you've talked about in the past, retaining efficiency gains. With the move to larger pads and a greater contribution in the Permian, do you still see the efficiency gains holding on sort of a per well basis or cycle time as relative to 2017, are you factoring in perhaps some expanded cycle times on a sort of per well basis as you kind of go to more of these large projects?
Thomas E. Jorden: There's a lot in your question, David. When it comes to efficiency, a course  we quickly want to bring that conversation to rate of return. These large pads we think generate superior rates of return. We think long laterals and our pad development gives us some efficiencies or facilities to generate outstanding returns. But there is the timing delay and we study that hard as to do we want to do these big projects or do we want to split it up into smaller projects and get the production on faster. There are a lot of elements to that problem, one of which is well-to-well interference. So, you really have to understand what happens to the boundaries of that project if you split it up into smaller pieces. But we're fairly confident that our program as crafted is generating great returns. That's our lands. I mean I'm a broken record here, but production is interesting but full-cycle returns, modeling in production delays, modeling in the capital lag between first investment and first production, that's all baked in when we look at our returns and we're very confident that the program as designed is generating our optimum returns. You want to comment on that, John?
John Lambuth: No, I absolutely agree. I think we have put a lot of effort, as Tom alluded, to making sure that some of these developments aren't too big. I mean that is one lesson we learned from our Woodford development where we get out there and do six contiguous sections of development. The time lag is not something we like, and it exposes you in a way over the course of a year plus. So, we've worked hard. For instance, most of these developments in the Upper Wolfcamp that we're talking about, in Culberson and Reeves, typically are half section size is what we're doing. You're thinking six to eight wells each of them. And so, we've made that adjustment. Again, I would like to think especially  I'm not making any comment on 2019 here, but as we get to more and more of those types of developments and that becomes a regular part of our routine, I don't think you're going to see this type of lumpiness or end of the year. I think there are some other mitigating factors, as I alluded to earlier, that has pushed more of the production to later in this year because of some of the things I talked about. I think on a go forward basis, I think the cadence would be you'll see more of a normal production increase off of these individual projects we do as we do more and more of them.
Thomas E. Jorden: But you know, David, I really salute your question because we debate this constantly internally, and let me give you a very quick example. Where we know we're going to have larger development on the section, particularly in the Delaware basin, we'll go ahead and pre-build the facility, the flowback facility, to accommodate more wells. We may initially have one or two wells coming in but we'll go ahead and build the facility to be ready to accommodate additional six or so additional wells. And we're asking ourselves, is that the prudent thing? I mean our first pass on that was, so yes, that's a smart thing because you know you're going to come back in. But I will tell you, our operating group, rightly because I said at the outset, our rate of return discussion permeates our culture, and they are asking that question as maybe that's not the right approach, maybe smaller facilities that we build will be needed as a better investment of capital. So, these are great questions and I think any good operator ought to constantly be debating this internally, as we do.
David Deckelbaum: Sorry to throw in such a loaded one towards the end of the call.
Thomas E. Jorden: We didn't even bring in the midstream. You don't want to give us an opportunity to talk there.
David Deckelbaum: My only follow-up, I guess something lighter, on the Woolfolk/NIB, you commented I think in your prepared remarks, John, that you're changing your cadence of completion as enhanced results. Can you just give a little bit more color on what you were describing there?
John Lambuth: Sure. I think the biggest difference there is we recognize  there is a big difference, and when you talk about a Woodford Shale relative to a Meramec which is more of a silty interval and how they frac, and what we've learned is when you're in that type of development where you have both Woodford and Meramec opportunity, in particular you want to frac the Woodford well first. It needs to go first, it needs the chance to have every chance to break that rock. And then you can follow-up with the Meramec, and that was really one of the things we were testing, as we have with a couple of other tests, and that seems to be leading to very good results for both the Woodford and the Meramec wells. So we're very pleased with that outcome. That really is shining a light on that 14-10 area where we're looking at it as a major future development area for us in the coming years, and as well there are just some really outstanding results for us.
Thomas E. Jorden: And also we're plugging here for our science, because we had a lot of history out here and our conventional wisdom and our experience led us to exactly the opposite conclusion. And it was because of some science we were collecting on micro-seismic data and some really heads-up curious behavior on a couple of our geo-scientists that they noticed the phenomenon that at first we looked at and we thought, could that be right, because it was absolutely not what we expected, it led us to do some further testing and it is a lifetime success in understanding of the right way to develop these reservoirs.
John Lambuth: And it's absolutely critical for us, I want to emphasize this that the 14-10 area in particular is unique in that you have wonderful thickness in the Meramec that we are absolutely convinced at a minimum you get two benches to develop, but you also still have sufficient thickness in Woodford to generate superior, very good return. So, it's one of the few areas across that whole STACK play where you have thickness in both that leads to that co-development and we're very excited about that for future drilling opportunity for us.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks for the comments, guys, and your responses.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Nelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
John Nelson: Congrats on the quarter and thanks for squeezing me in here. Just more couple of housekeeping type questions. There were I guess a bit more cryptic comments on oilfield service cost inflation and kind of how we can back into it. I guess if I look at the well costs that you guys have up year-on-year, it's in that kind of 10% range. So is that kind of what you're saying is baked into, just flat from here is kind of what's baked into the 2018 guidance or can we get a little bit more color on that?
John Lambuth: This is John. From a simple standpoint, if we've bumped up our midpoints for the Meramec program and the Wolfcamp program by 10%, if you just take the number of wells that we're quoting for each of those programs, you'll get to a number. We really didn't kind of look at the budget and say, okay, what do we want to bake in for inflation and then put a top level adjustment in there. We looked at what we thought the actual cost ranges were based on the frac designs for each one of these type wells and we're kind of brushing over the complexities of the total well cost associated with frac design, build for one, plan for four, build for one, plan for eight, and all the other implications that Mark and I looked at the back of the envelope calculations yesterday and thought maybe it's somewhere around $75 million to $80 million, if you look at what it represented as compared to what we would have done three or four months ago.
Joseph R. Albi: The only other comment I'll add to that is I will tell you in particular for Anadarko where a pretty large portion of our budget is outside operated wells. We took a really hard look at 2017 in terms of the wells we participated in and they are very good return wells. We felt like we made good decisions but we also felt like that we needed to adjust that capital higher relative to what we were represented as being the expected costs. Clearly, those wells were coming at much higher, so we have adjusted in 2018 an expectation of higher capital for those individual outside operated wells.
Thomas E. Jorden: So, John, we took our best guess at it and certainly we're not perfect at anticipating, and Joe mentioned this local sand sourcing in Delaware, when it comes online will I think be a big help here. And then our range, I will say the high end of our range kind of anticipates a little bit of inflation. So, if we didn't see any inflation, we'd probably be at the lower end of that, just checking from here on out. So, we took our best guess.
John Lambuth: One other comment I'd like to make too is if you look at the midpoint for the 1-mile Woodford AFE that I quoted in the call, it's barely up at all, and even with the same inflationary pressures on service cost and proppant and basically every cost category associated with completions, while we changed our frac design. And so, especially in Meramec, I think there's tremendous potential to keep experimenting there and we can see cost reductions there. The sand sourcing can have a significant impact in the Delaware. And so, obviously our goal is to get those numbers down, but those are where current AFEs are and that's what's in our current capital plan.
John Nelson: That's really helpful. So, just to be clear, it's expectations of kind of flat from here is probably around the midpoint of your range and then a cushion for insulation is kind of the high end of the range?
Mark Burford: Correct, John, yes, so kind of the low end of the range is kind of expectation that we currently see some inflation already built in and the upper end of the range could allow for some additional inflation if we experience it, which we hope to offset with some of the operational changes we'll make with local sourcing and other maybe frac design changes. But that's right, just amongst the uncertainty of what that range could be into the future, but we have some room in our range.
John Nelson: Great. And then I just wondered if you can comment kind of ballpark the amount that was spent in Lea County in 2017? Seems like a pretty significant pickup and you had some of the best rock there as we've seen.
Thomas E. Jorden: We don't have that in front of us. Mark is searching for it. It is a huge pickup because as we've said in past calls, our Delaware Basin [indiscernible] a bit on Lea County and we wanted them to understand some of the multi-pay development. They have made tremendous progress on [indiscernible] this year.
John Lambuth: Yes, there was a lot of drilling activity in the latter half of 2017.
Joseph R. Albi: About 70 million.
John Lambuth: Yes, but we haven't really  now we're getting to where we're completing those wells. So, we'll bear that fruit this year from the drilling activity that we embarked on at the end of 2017 in Lea County.
Thomas E. Jorden: Did you hear that, John, it was about 70 million for basically [indiscernible] our effort this year.
John Nelson: That's great. All right, thanks again. Congrats on the quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one additional question. This question comes from Joe Allman from Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Joseph Allman: Tom, a question on free cash flow, so how much is being free cash flow positive a factor in the capital decision-making or do you really see it as an output? So, in other words, if you have the right assets and you do the right things and you have reasonable commodity prices, over time you're naturally going to spend that cash flow, partly because you build upper base at relatively low decline in production. So what I'm getting at, I'm just trying to figure out what kind of iterations you ran when you thought about 2018 spending and what are the governors, balance sheet, production growth, I mean what are some of the governors you consider?
Thomas E. Jorden: Thank you for that question, Joe. We do treat free cash flow as an outplay. We think that a company that has good investments, high rate of return, good operational execution, ought to be living within cash flow and generating certainly some growth. I mean it will depend on company to company. But our greatest concern is in our balance sheet metrics. You know, free cash flow, that's certainly become kind of the mantra. I will tell you, at Cimarex we look at our debt, we look at our debt-to-EBITDA, we look at our coverage statistics, and we want to be growing those over time, and we want to be over time growing our financial health. When we look to 2018, we had such a strong year in 2017, we looked at that cash on the balance sheet and said, why would we have that cash sitting there, and all the choices were available to us. I want to be totally clear and transparent here. We could have embarked on some modest share buyback, we could have returned that cash to the shareholders, or we could have invested it. That's why I said at the outset that when we looked at that, we said, look, this is a very challenging commodity environment, so we better make sure that our actual to expected results are really well calibrated, and we tore our 2017 results apart and we saw that we had tremendous repeatability, in fact we went back to 2016 and 2017 and we saw that we had great repeatability that gave us a high degree of confidence that we could hit what we aim for. And so, we said we're going to invest that cash. When we reported our capital plan, we reported with a plan that we would invest that cash over a couple of years, 2018 being one, and that was what went into it. Our bias is to invest that cash. We raise that money with that promise and that promise is still something we want to honor. So, that's kind of how we look at the world, Joe.
Joseph Allman: I appreciate, Tom. And just a quick follow-up, so you've always been about executing and focusing on rates of return and NPV and growing shareholder value. Your stock is not necessarily reflecting your successful execution. So, are you thinking about doing any different, sort of close any gap that exists between what is your Company's worth and where the stock is trading?
Thomas E. Jorden: We try not to pay too much attention on an hourly basis toward share price, but you can't ignore it either. I think there's some confusion out there about Cimarex. We have assets second to none, we have an organization second to none, but we are trapped in an environment where people are really questioning the basic value of the energy space and people are looking for things to worry about, and Cimarex has a foot in a couple of the camps people are looking to worry about. We didn't get asked today about gas price differentials. We certainly are exposed to that. But we model all of that in, and as I said at the outset, gas is only 18% of our revenue right now. So, we think we are in a pretty good shape there and we see some light at the end of the tunnel. I can't sit here and talk to the investment community about what they should value. I'm obviously extremely high on Cimarex and I think our track record speaks for itself. I'll tell you what we value. How we approach, how we think we can invest and add value over time, we've got a good track record, and I welcome that conversation. So, from time to time there will be disconnects. Right now there's this mantra around free cash flow, and I think in some sense anybody that deviates from the herd is going to be punished in the short run, but if we have a strategy that's well-crafted and we execute it well, it will get figured out in the long run.
Joseph Allman: Got it, great, very helpful. Thank you, Tom.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Tom Jorden, President and CEO of Cimarex, for any closing remarks.
Thomas E. Jorden: I want to thank everybody for your participation and I know these are challenging times. We are looking forward to a strong 2018, and I'll just say in closing that we're a very result-oriented company, we focus completely on results, and we expect you to measure us based on our results. We appreciate our fans and we appreciate our critics, and I mean that most sincerely. This whole conversation about value creation is a great one. We debate these things at Cimarex. I look forward as the year goes on to discuss some of the learnings from our look-back more thoroughly. We are debating changing our approach and some of the ways we measure ourselves. So, I just really want to tell you, we love this business, we love getting up every day and being challenged to be better at it, and that's our mission at Cimarex. So, thank you very much for everything you bring to us.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that we'll conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-27 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.
Analysts: Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Holly Barrett Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thank you, Drew, and good morning to all. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's third quarter 2017 earnings call. With me today are the members of the Cabot's executive team that are usually here. Before we get started, I'd like to highlight that on this call we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Also, some of our comments may refer to non-GAAP financial measures, forward-looking statements, and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in this morning's earnings release. For third quarter, Cabot demonstrated its continued focus on disciplined capital allocation by generating positive free cash flow for the sixth consecutive quarter, while delivering 12% equivalent production growth. Operating cash flow increased by 79% year-over-year, driven by our production growth, coupled with a 60% increase in cash margins. While natural gas price realizations increased 16% year-over-year, it should come as no surprise that the third quarter realizations were weaker sequentially due to lower NYMEX price and wider differentials. The widening of differentials in the third quarter has been seen in Appalachia over the last few years and highlights the need for the long-anticipated in-service of new long-haul infrastructure and in-basin demand projects. Our expectation is that our price realizations will only improve moving forward, giving the in-service of numerous infrastructure projects over the next few quarters. Year-to-date, we have generated approximately $125 million of free cash flow and received over $30 million of proceeds from non-core asset sales, which have allowed us to return almost $125 million of capital to shareholders year-to-date via dividends and share repurchases, and to reduce our net debt position, further improving our strong balance sheet. As it relates to share repurchases, while we did not buy back shares during the third quarter, I would highlight that we remain optimistic on this front and take advantage of disconnects in the market like the recent 9% selloff we experienced during our recent trading blackout period, which did begin after the end of the third quarter. In this morning's release, we reaffirmed our capital guidance and tightened our production guidance range for the year, while leaving the midpoint unchanged. Where we ended up in the production  where we end up in the production guidance range will ultimately be dependent on in-basin pricing during the fourth quarter, as Cabot has recently been electing curtail a small portion of its production when pricing is value destructive. As we have reiterated many times before, while production is a byproduct of our capital allocation to high-return projects, we are not chasing top-line production growth for the sake of it and have absolutely no problem holding back volumes if the prices do not warrant moving additional gas at certain times. However, I'm not overly concerned about the recent price dynamics, given that over the last few years, we have seen some of the widest differentials during the month of October, which has subsequently been followed by a significant improvement in basis. As most of you are aware, Atlantic Sunrise received its final Notice to Proceed during the quarter, with pipeline and compression station construction beginning in September. This is a milestone we've been waiting for since our first announcement and our involvement in the project back in February 2014 and represents a key inflection point for the northeast Pennsylvania natural gas market and for Cabot. We continue to target a mid-2018 in-service for this project, on which we will be selling approximately 1 Bcf of gas to new markets. Tennessee Gas Pipeline recently reaffirmed that its Orion Project is ahead of schedule and is anticipated to be in-service as early as December 2017. Additionally, the two power plant projects that we are sole suppliers to, Moxie Freedom and Lackawanna Energy Center, are currently under construction and on schedule for their early September  excuse me, summer 2018 in-service. As it relates to Constitution Pipeline, the partners of this project recently submitted a petition for a declaratory order with the FERC, demonstrating that the New York DEC exceeded its statutory timeframe to grant or deny the Section 401 certification for the project. The Clean Water Act specifies that if a state agency fails or refuses to act on a request for certification under Section 401 within a reasonable period of time, the certification requirement shall be waived. It is our belief that the New York DEC clearly failed to act on Constitution's application for a Section 401 Water Quality Certification within a reasonable period of time. If the FERC grants Constitution's petition, Constitution will promptly seek a Clean Water Act Section 404 Permit from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. We continue to believe this is a project that New York needs to achieve its energy goal, which will require a mix of resources, including natural gas, in order to keep rates low and supply reliable for power generation for the state. In line with state energy goals, Constitution will lower emissions by enabling customers switch from heating oil to cleaner burning natural gas. In line with our conservative forecast, we currently exclude the benefit of our capacity on Constitution from our five-year plan; however, I certainly would not count this project out. In this morning's release, we initiated our official 2018 daily production growth guidance with a range at 15% to 20%, which implies a 17% to 22% pro forma for West Virginia divestiture. This production growth is based on capital budget range of $1.025 billion to $1.150 billion, consisting of $750 million to $850 million in the Marcellus, $125 million to $150 million in the Eagle Ford, $75 million in our exploration play, and $75 million for pipeline investments in the Atlantic Sunrise and other corporate capital expenditures. We plan to operate three rigs and utilize two completion crews in the Marcellus Shale during 2018. Our pace of completion activity will ultimately dictate where we land within the Marcellus capital range and will be dependent upon market conditions during the year. While we could certainly grow faster than our current guidance, our focus is on maximizing margins, returns and free cash flow, and we firmly believe the flexibility in this current plan allows us to make the most prudent capital allocation decisions throughout the year in response to market dynamics. Capital range for the Marcellus in 2018 will position Cabot for Marcellus production growth of 27% to 33% in 2019. Based on current market indications for natural gas prices, we expect our natural gas price realizations to average $0.45 to $0.50 below NYMEX for the full year of 2018, a significant improvement over 2017 levels. In the Eagle Ford, we plan to operate one rig for the full year and utilize one completion crew for a portion of the year. Our plan allows for us to maintain all core acreage, provide for single-digit growth in oil production, and generate positive free cash flow at the current strip. Our capital range for the Eagle Ford will depend on our outlook for oil price with a focus on generating free cash flow from this asset as opposed of growth for the sake of growth. We plan to spend $75 million during the first half of 2018 continuing to test our two new exploratory areas to better understand if they have the attributes we are looking for in order to compete for our capital internally. We would like to be in a position by mid-2018 or sooner to make a decision on whether we move forward with continued activity on these areas, based on our results from the first half of the year. As we have stated before, if we do ultimately have success in these areas, we will look to divest assets, to fund any near-term deficit spends in these areas that would need to occur before the assets become self-funding and free cash flow positive, similar to what we did in the Marcellus years ago. And for example, on the cash flow raise, while fairly small in nature, we are currently marketing our remaining Haynesville properties as we continue to high-grade our portfolio. Based on current strip prices, our 2018 program would deliver the following highlights: double-digit corporate-wide returns, positive free cash flow of over $200 million at midpoint of the capital budget range, a deleveraging of the balance sheet to below 1 times debt to EBITDAX, production growth of 15% to 20%, and positions the company for significant growth in free cash flow and production in 2019 and 2020, as we highlighted in the three-year Marcellus outlook we included in this morning's release. Further on our three-year outlook, the Marcellus is expected to deliver a three-year Marcellus production CAGR of 20-plus percent and a three-year Marcellus discretionary cash flow CAGR of 25-plus percent, assuming current strip prices. Based on this plan, Cabot's Marcellus asset would generate approximately $2.5 billion of cumulative pre-tax free cash flow from 2018 to 2020, while averaging between $750 million to $850 million of annual Marcellus capital expenditures over this period. This program only assumes we have the benefit of the infrastructure that is currently under construction, including the Atlantic Sunrise and the other two power plant projects that we have mentioned. Obviously, any incremental capacity on long-term sales could provide additional upside. Given its level of free cash flow generation, we expect our debt adjusted per share growth metric to look even better than our absolute growth numbers. I would also highlight that based on our internal estimates as well as consensus estimates for 2019, this plan would generate a best-in-class free cash flow yield compared to the rest of the E&P companies in the S&P 500. While it's premature at this point to outline a specific plan for allocation of free cash flow, we fully expect to return an increasing amount of capital to shareholders via dividend growth and share repurchases as well as evaluate the potential reduction of debt as near-term maturities come due. Our longer-term capital allocation to assets outside of the Marcellus will ultimately be dependent on our outlook for oil prices and the outcome of our ongoing exploration testing. However, as I mentioned earlier, we are focused on delivering a self-funded program in the Eagle Ford and funding any initial deficit spends in our exploration areas with asset sales. In summary, we have a three-year plan that provides double-digit returns-focused per share growth, while generating significant free cash flow at the current strip, and delivers double-digit corporate-wide returns that stand out not only among energy companies, but also across the broad market, which certainly makes Cabot an attractive investment, regardless of anybody's view on the energy space. Drew, with that, I'll be happy to answer any questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Bob Morris of Citi. Please go ahead.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you, and nice quarter, Dan. My first question is...
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Bob.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): ...when you talk about the curtailments on an uneconomic basis, what net-back price becomes uneconomic? Is it $2.50, $2, or how do you think about that and how much could you curtail, that everything then is getting that price?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, we have an economic price that covers our cost of capital close to a $1. But we have seen, in some of the gas we move in the daily market, which is not a large percentage of our gas, but we move gas in the daily market, and that's some of the gas that we remove. And we saw gas that was below $1 on the realizations over several weekends and periods of time that were low-demand periods, and that is the gas volumes that we'd like to not move.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, that's good. And my second question, $2.5 billion is a lot of free cash flow. You've got options between, you can buy back up to 20% of your stock, you can pay a meaningful or S&P type dividend on the shares. How do you think about those two options in reallocating or returning that capital to the shareholder? And obviously, the share buybacks depend on the stock price, but at close to current levels, how do you think about the options between share buybacks and dividend increase?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, we recently, as you're aware, increased our dividend 150%. We also bought back a nice tranche of shares in the second quarter. We do have an authorization still on the shelf to buy back shares. When you compare those two, we will, I think, look at both of them as an avenue to give back money to shareholders. On the dividend, we are moving towards a much more certainty attached to our free cash flow generation, now that we have the approval of infrastructure going in the ground. With that infrastructure in the ground and gas moving through additional outlets and also seeing the basis compress in the  and on the three pipes that we currently sell into, we're going to have a significant level of confidence of an ongoing continuous improvement in the realizations. And with that, that gives us a little bit more confidence on just the dividend side of our give-back. In the meantime, however, though, we have had, as you are aware, $0.5 billion or so of cash on our balance sheet, and we have continued to rationalize our portfolio and we looked at the buybacks with some of that cash. So, to say it a little bit more succinctly, once we get the infrastructure in place, we know we're going to be generating a significant level of free cash. And with that, we'll then make decisions between the share buybacks and the dividends and look at that as prudently as we can.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): All right. Either way, it's an enviable position to be in. Congratulations. Thanks.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Glick of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Not to beat a...
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hi, Michael.
Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: ...dead horse here, but just have one question really on the stock buyback. I mean, on our model, which appears to be in the right ZIP code, based on the outlook you provided, you're trading at a 7%, or actually probably 6% free cash flow yield after today's recent move. I mean, there seem few similar opportunities when we think about the broader non-E&P, of course, market. Just in that context, how do you think about buybacks?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well  and I'd like to hear your comment also, Michael. We look at that as a unique position for an E&P company. Free cash flow yield of not only that, but we think we can increase that free cash flow yield. If you compare that free cash flow yield to other industries out there and you look at our multiples, I would like to see what the Street thinks the value is of an E&P company that does deliver that type of yield. And if we get the reaction from the Street and they value that free cash flow yield in a way that we think merits the valuation per share of Cabot stock, then buying back shares is not going to be as big of interest to us because we're going to see it in stock price appreciation. But to date, even though we think that is very visible on that yield and improving as we go forward, I haven't seen the comparison of the Street giving us the credit in our current share price.
Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Gotcha. Thank you for those comments.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: The next question comes from David Deckelbaum of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Morning, Dan and everyone.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hey, David.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: You bet.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just looking at the program as a great multiyear outlook, it looks like approximately that you'll be filling the capacity so far that you've identified by about the fourth quarter of 2019. One, am I thinking about that correctly? And then two, I guess, as we think about filling visible capacity right now, you talked about being opportunistic. Do you view the communication today around the free cash at sort of $1 billion cumulative through the next three years as kind of the floor that you'd like to deliver to the market? And how do you square that with  once you start filling capacity and you witness potential improvements in local basis, how do you sort of blend the desire to deliver that free cash while also weighing potentially accelerating beyond the plan you laid out now?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: I'll just make a comment, then I'll turn it over to Scott, let him make a comment, also. But on the capacity side, we are entirely comfortable with the production growth that we've indicated. It is our plan, as we discussed in the past, David, to certainly fill the new infrastructure with some of the existing gas that we're producing today and also have incremental volumes that go into filling the Atlantic Sunrise and those two power plants. We do expect the uplift that you've referenced in the differential on the existing pipes. However, if in fact the area rationalization by other operators out there would move into the space and try to backfill where Cabot has moved gas off of those three pipes and on to new  into new markets, if there's backfilling and rationalization by the  or the lack of rationalization by other operators out there, then Cabot is not going to give up a great deal of its market share. We will be there and us being the lowest-cost producer up there, we will certainly protect our market share. I'll turn comment over to Scott also.
Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: David, the thing I would add is on your first comment. As we laid out in the text and in the press release, we have kind of a dual track going on for the Marcellus program, based on market conditions. You are factually correct in one of those scenarios that we could fill that new capacity by the end of the decade, end of December kind of 2019. The other bookend on that is kind of the end of December 2020. That's kind of the bookend timeframe that we're looking at in this plan that we laid out with the cash flow and things like that.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Scott. And then I guess, looking at the program right now, you have Eagle Ford volume growing with a pretty minimal amount of capital. It sounds like you've seen some improvements there on the operational side, maybe on the completion side as well. How do you view that asset now as a source of funds versus a development opportunity? And I guess, thinking about the life cycle of that asset, are we closer to perhaps pruning that now and looking at it as a source of funds or is that something that's years away?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, we've always looked at the Eagle Ford as a good alternative to allocating some of our capital. And we continue to improve our efficiencies and our completion results out there in the field. When you look at, though, the impact of the Eagle Ford on Cabot, as far as it being a use of proceeds, we don't look at that as a large use of proceeds with our plan of allocating the capital to the Marcellus, also with our plan of giving money back to the shareholder, and we do anticipate that with success in our two exploratory areas, that the Eagle Ford is  that fits into our capital allocation today. But if it does not rank within our hierarchy of where we like to allocate capital in the future, then the Eagle Ford, as we have said in the past, is an asset that we would look at to help fund our new ventures.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks for color, Dan, Scott, and everyone. Appreciate it.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, David.
Operator: The next question comes from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, Dan, to you and your whole team there.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hey, Charles. How are you?
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: I'm doing well, thank you. I wanted to shift gears, perhaps, to the short-term and just touch on that. I know you spoke earlier about what's going on with local basis and about how it's not uncommon in 3Q, and we certainly see that with historical results that 3Q as the widest basis, but can you talk a bit about what dynamics you're seeing this year that may be different from years past? And do that with an eye of what we should expect for November and December?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Okay. I'll just make a brief comment and turn over to Jeff to comment on the market. What we've seen has been fairly consistent with what we've seen. Certainly, the timing of the disconnect, and we roll into this period of time, and what we've seen in the past certainly affects, Jeff, mitigation of some of the impact by us selling volumes through October on the summer months. So, Jeff, would you like to fill in some of the blanks?
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. Charles, there's a lot of similarities between this summer and last summer in terms of mild summers and low demand, storage being at pretty much the same levels, and a lot of gas on the market. I think one unique characteristic this year is probably more pipeline maintenance than we've seen in years past, or at least it seems to me they've been lasting longer and going later into the year. So, that's probably the only unique thing. If you look back this time last year or quarter-over-quarter, really there's only been about $0.06 difference in basis differential between the two quarters. So, that's pretty consistent. I'd say, on the cash side, where we've seen some very low prices in October as we get to the end of the injection season, we've actually had a pretty good year in cash market year-over-year. Year-to-date, I think cash is averaging about $2. This time last year, the same term, I think cash was around $1.45 for the year. So, we've seen some improvements. And a lot of that came from last winter, of course, but there's really not a lot of factors fundamental-wise that have changed.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's helpful. Thank you, Jeff. And then just one quick follow-up, if I could, Dan. The Haynesville package that you mentioned, can you give us an idea of the scale of that, whether in maybe proceeds you're looking for or acreage, current production, that sort of thing?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, we have less than 10,000 acres out there. We have HBP most of the properties  well, all of it's HBP. We have a minimal, since we haven't allocated capital out there for an extended period of time, we have about $3 million a day is all we'd be taking off from us. So, just one of those areas that, similar to West Virginia, we like portions of the asset and the West Virginia low-decline asset was nice to have, but it wasn't that impactful to us. And the same with this set of assets that we're not allocating capital to it. There has been some really good improvements made on completions out in the Haynesville, but as far as our footprint out there and what it would mean to Cabot in our program is not that impactful. So, we think that would be an asset that would be in the hands of those that might be out there and so we're prepared to transact and we'll see what we get.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Thanks for the detail, Dan.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: The next question comes from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hello, Drew.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, Dan. I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the exploration plays, and if you have success there, how you think about that in terms of funding. You said, in your prepared remarks, that they would be absent (30:35) any cash flow at the asset level, but how do you think about at the corporate level? Would you still be generating free cash flow? Or any more color you can provide on how you guys would progress with that program would be helpful.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. On the free cash flow, we do expect to generate  with the funding of our exploration effort, we do expect to generate free cash flow at the corporate level. When you look at our effort out there right now, we do have a drilling rig active on one of the areas, and we'll be moving to having a drilling rig on the other area. Characteristic of what we've done in the past on exploration plays, we're not going to comment on results at this point in time. Information that we have seen, we're encouraged to continue to move forward with collecting data and evaluating the area. And we have our fingers crossed and we're cautiously optimistic that we'll be able to demonstrate that the areas that we are focused in will compete for incremental capital. And we do fully intend to fund it and still, at the corporate level, be able to generate free cash flow.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for that, Dan. And can you just remind us how much of the acreage in your exploration areas is held and how much activity you think you would need to run if you wanted to hold on an acreage?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah, we have $75 million allocated for the exploration area in 2018. We have just a portion of our 2017 budget remaining that we had allocated and announced previously at the beginning of this year. That portion that we had identified at the beginning of this year was $125 million. We've spent the majority of that $125 million. We do expect to stay within that budget between now and year-end. And as I said, in 2018, we have $75 million that we've allocated to the two areas. We have a significant amount of acreage that we think would be impactful on Cabot if we have success.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Is any of that held at this point, Dan?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Is it held?
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, is any of it held?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Under lease terms.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, Dan.
Operator: The next question comes from Holly Stewart of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Holly Barrett Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: Good morning, gentlemen.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hello, Holly.
Holly Barrett Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: Dan, you touched on both your thoughts on the Eagle Ford and then kind of the Haynesville. I'm curious if you could remind us of your ownership percentage in Atlantic Sunrise and maybe thoughts around what to do with that asset since we have shovels in the ground at this point.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, I'll let Jeff cover that infrastructure.
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. So, Holly, Atlantic Sunrise is the name of the project, okay? It's actually an extension of Transco's Pipeline System. So, from a project perspective, in other words, for the new greenfield pipeline, our equity investment there is approximately $150 million.
Holly Barrett Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay. And Jeff, any comments on keeping that in the portfolio?
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah, absolutely. Right now, we're keeping the equity investment in the project, but that's always a discussion item here at Cabot.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Holly, one of the things that we  the decision we made in having an equity piece to start out with as we wanted to be involved and be able to have a good understanding and seat at the table as we go through the permitting process, regulatory process, and a full understanding of any implications we have with delays, how we might be able to navigate the heightened enthusiasm by the activists to stop infrastructure. We just wanted to understand that process a little bit better, and so, that was the reason we're in the investment. It obviously is an offset to our investment with our ability to secure some of the transportation charge back to us as an equity owner. But as far as it being a holding that we feel like that we need to have forever, we're not compelled for that. It goes back to our decision about use of proceeds and what we might do at any particular time with those proceeds if we wanted to monetize.
Holly Barrett Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: Sure. I'm sure it'd be an asset there'd be a lot of pipeline companies would like to have.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, I agree.
Holly Barrett Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: And then maybe just one for Scott, with the, call it, $0.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet, you got the maturity coming up in 2018. Any thoughts on how to proceed with that?
Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Right now, Holly, we're looking at all options. Obviously, we could refinance it. We do believe we're real close to being kind of BBB, BBB-plus in the marketplace. We're not rated at this point in time, so we're internally having that discussion. But keep in mind, with the $500 million, the maturity is $300 million, we can always simply just pay it off because we have a completely undrawn $1.8 billion revolver. So, it doesn't hurt any of our efforts either way we go.
Holly Barrett Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: Yeah. Great. Thanks, guys.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Holly.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hello, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: We've had a lot of big picture questions. So, I'm going to ask a couple of more narrow ones. In the last quarter press release, you guys said that the fourth gen well completions were exceeding 4.4 Bcf for 1,000-foot lateral. In this press release, you said that the additional wells are supporting 4.4 Bcf of 1,000-feet lateral. Sounds a little bit more equivocal. I just wondered if I'm parsing the language too finely.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: No, when we look at our production curves and we look at the modeling and the curve fits, Jeffrey, we like to see a longer term on the curve fits. And all we're saying with our statement is that everything we're seeing right now is consistent with our expectations. And if we do have improvements over and above that 4.4 Bcf fit  curve fit, we'll do what we've done in the past, and that is recognize that after we have more data and  in a longer term on the wells to be able to continue to support that. There was also a reference in one of the write-ups about our Gen 4 and Gen 5 and I'll take this time, if I could, Jeffrey, to just reference that. Our Gen 5 that we're trying to tweak out there is we have full expectations that we will equal and maybe, hopefully, exceed our production of 4.4 Bs per 1,000 foot of lateral with our Gen 5. And our comment was designed to indicate that we think we can maybe achieve that by our tweaking of the completion technique, but also maybe save a little bit of capital by how we're tweaking the completion technique without a compromise, whatsoever, to the production expectation that we have for Gen 5.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Now, well, you just proved that amongst your many other talents that you're psychic, because that was exactly the next question I was going to ask was what was color on that. So, basically, what you're saying, just if I can paraphrase it, is that the fifth gen stuff that you're working on now should not show any degradation in production, but you're hoping to be able to cut some costs and, therefore, improve the returns?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Exactly right.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you. I appreciate the color.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thank you, Jeffrey.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hello, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: To follow up on the topic of the fifth generation wells, can you add a little bit more color on what you're doing on the completion tweaks to lower the costs? And then on a more bigger picture basis on the comment that fifth generation is more  or at least so far is more about cost reduction in terms of the drivers of efficiency gains than necessarily greater EURs per 1,000 feet, do you think we're in the later innings of productivity gains in terms of well productivity in Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. Good questions. On the last (40:34) comment, we've been asked that probably, so starting three or four years ago, and we continue to make  we, as an industry, continue to make strides to deliver improved results from our completion. So, we're going to continue to be able to try to improve our completions, and  excuse me, and in that regard, we in fact have a couple of beta tests going on right now for our Gen 6 completions. So, stand by on the results of that. When you look at the difference between Gen 4 and Gen 5, one of the changes we made is that Gen 4 has got tighter on the stage spacing. In Gen 5, we went wider  back wider again on the stage spacing, but we had improved or increased the clusters in the Gen 5 from the 4. Additionally, the fluid pumped in the Gen 4 is a little bit less than the fluid pumped in the Gen 5 to move the volumes that we are moving in the Gen 5. We are staying consistent with the amount of proppant per foot, but by widening the distance between stages, we are reducing the number of stages that we will have to pump and the drill-out time that we'll have on getting the well ready for completion. So, that's some of the tweaks  without the details, that's some of the tweaks that we have between Gen 4 and Gen 5.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. And then to follow up, back to the free cash flow you're planning for the next three years, can you talk a little bit about the range and risk around cash taxes? I think that $2.5 billion was a pre-tax number. And then, what your expectations are for the transportation  unit transportation costs and what we should expect to see when Atlantic Sunrise comes on?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Okay, and I'll turn it over to Scott first, Brian.
Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Brian, I'll handle the cash taxes and Jeff will handle the transportation. But cash taxes in our guidance for 2018 we're looking at about a 15% cash tax burden, deferring 85%. That goes to 35% cash taxes, 65% deferred in 2019; and roughly 50%-50% in 2020. If you take that, based on that number, you're looking at about $400 million  $400 million to $500 million in actual cash taxes in our plan, based on our assumptions. So, $2.5 billion would still have close to a $2 billion handle on it, taking  you still have some corporate G&A and some financing, of course, to factor into that because we don't allocate that out, but you still have a very robust three-year free cash flow model.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. On the transportation side?
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah, Brian, on the transportation, as we've talked about this in the past, the capacity we're taking on with Atlantic Sunrise will be released to our customers, and with that we'll see a revenue reduction instead of an expense increase. So, we're basically maintaining a flat transportation cost profile through this period.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Hall of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Yeah. Thanks. I just want to follow on a little bit on the free cash flow. At the corporate level, kind of trying to make sure we're calibrating right. What would you say the drag is on free cash flow for other items outside of exploration at the corporate level for things like overhead? And you already hit on taxes  trying to zero in.
Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Michael, the easiest way is just look at the guidance for G&A and financing costs.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: And you've held those flat throughout the quarter?
Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Held those flat, because we are not people-heavy in this organization.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Sure. Okay. And then when do you think you might be willing to announce some sort of more formalized plan around what the path towards redistributing more of the cash to shareholders would be? Is that something by midyear next year you think you could be willing to do, or what's the thought process on that currently?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah, I think that would be a reasonable expectation, Michael, that as we get some clarity on a couple of our new initiatives that we have moving forward and then get our arms around how we would allocate cash to those areas. And also, if in fact we have a monetization in the mix, we would also have clarity on value created from that. So, I would think that would be a reasonable expectation.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. Perfect. Appreciate it. Thanks, guys. Congrats.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Grigel of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Good morning. You noted in today's release the double-digit corporate returns into 2018, and you've noted in recent presentations the increased focus on ROCE as a metric for using or for evaluating the business. Is there thoughts on making that more of an explicit goal for management, given the rather unique position you are in relative to peers?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, I'll let Scott answer that in a second. Just for a specific goal for management, we have always had financial goals as part of management's effort to achieve. And I think you can see by the results and the decision we make on how we allocate capital, how we handle our growth profile versus value creation and getting margins and returns as being our primary focus versus growth, Paul, we've always had return on capital employed as our metric that management looks at. I'll let Scott make a comment.
Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. So, the short answer is yes. It is becoming a  as Dan said, it has been a focus. We have not worn it on our sleeves. As we've watched this industry and been around this industry, Dan's been through six cycles, I've been through five, as have many in this table, we've watched this. Obviously, the returns focus is gaining more momentum now, as it should, and we fully embrace that. The key thing now in terms of we know how we calculate it internally, we just don't want to  we want to make sure there's no unintended consequences if you roll out specifics. Because, as you know, we are  this industry is a master of kind of single-well economics and kind of cherry-picking, and that's not Cabot's culture, that's not Cabot's philosophy. So, while it is very in the forefront and was even a topic of conversation this past  earlier this week in our boardroom and will continue to be, as it has been in the past, it is trying to thread that needle on how best to communicate it.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Perfect. Understand on that. And then, I guess, as a follow-up, given the plan you guys have laid out, what are the latest thoughts  and, Scott, it's probably for you  on using hedges, either basis or versus NYMEX moving forward into 2018 and beyond?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: I'll make a comment, then I'll let Scott or Jeff weigh in. Paul, we like hedges as part of mitigation and add a level of consistency to our program. When we've had the lack of infrastructure in the basin, it has made it difficult to get any length to hedges because it's been so punitive  again, by the lack of transparency on infrastructure, it's been very punitive for us to be able to layer on hedges without upfront conceding to a very large differential. So, with that, it would be our expectation that with infrastructure, and now more clarity and a balancing of the market and not so much heavy-weighted gas-on-gas competition in the three pipes that we currently produce into, we would expect that market to become more available to us in a range that we would find acceptable.
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah, Paul, and I'll just add a couple thoughts. One of the things that Atlantic Sunrise does for us is move our gas from a supply area to a market area. And the market area we're hitting with this gas is more stable, less volatile, also of course more hedgeable. So, you may see us step into the hedge market when opportunity allows us to take care of some of the volumes that are moving out of the supply area, as we get the projects done.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. That's good color. Thanks so much.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: The next question comes from Biju Perincheril of Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thanks. Good morning. Dan, I was wondering on the Gen 5 completions in the Marcellus if you could give us an idea of the magnitude of savings you are targeting, and also if there's something  the approach you're taking here is something that's transferable to the Eagle Ford?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: We are, of course, gathering as we continue to get more completions with the Gen 5. We're hoping to get around and we have seen plus or minus 10% on the saving side with the Gen 5. And I think that would be a reasonable expectation, going forward. And what we do in the Eagle Ford and Marcellus  I have both guys at the table with me, Phil Stalnaker and Steve Lindeman, that are responsible for the operations in our two respective areas and they've been working with each other for, I don't know, 50 years, I think. But they communicate well on what their teams are doing to enhance efficiency. So, we do have cross polinization and data transfer to each group.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. I mean, I'm sure you guys are having those conversations on how to apply this. I was wondering from those conversations, do you think Eagle Ford, from a geologic perspective, this could be a transferable technology?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, we have our own  it's hard to answer that, specifically. If you're asking that is the exact changes and exact spacing going from a Gen 4 in the Marcellus to a Gen 5 in the Marcellus, is that going to transfer to the Eagle Ford? And is the fluid pumped in a Gen 4 Marcellus to a Gen 5 Marcellus, is that the exact fluid that we pump going to transfer to the Eagle Ford? The answer to that is no. But the concept of being able to save money with the spacing changes in the Marcellus and the transfer of fluid pumped and the more clusters per stage by having a little wider spacing, we do take all of that in consideration in the tweaking that's going on in the Eagle Ford.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. That's helpful. And just to confirm the potential savings from Gen 5, none of those numbers are incorporated into the 2018, 2019 guidance you've provided, right?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: We wanted to  we want to get the  we want to see the results before we do a lot of that incorporation.
Biju Perincheril - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. Thanks.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah, you bet.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thank you, Drew, and thank you all for the questions. I do firmly believe that Cabot is one of the most well-positioned company and somewhat unique in that we are already generating free cash flow positive results and our portfolio returns, I think, places us at the top of the class. So, appreciate the interest and we look forward to our call after the end of the year. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-28 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. Steven W. Lindeman - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.
Analysts: Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C. John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Holly Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Karl J. Chalabala - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Marshall Hampton Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note, today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thank you, Rocco, and thank you all for joining this morning for Cabot's second quarter 2017 earnings call. I have Cabot's executive management team with me for the call this morning. Before we get started, I would first like to highlight that on this morning's call we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Also, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures, forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided in this morning's earnings release. For the second quarter, Cabot delivered another successful report card highlighted by 14% year-over-year production growth, while generating positive free cash flow for the fifth consecutive quarter. Our production growth for the quarter was driven by 15% increase in net Marcellus volumes year-over-year. This production [technical difficulty] (1:29  1:45)
Operator: Pardon the interruption, ladies and gentlemen. It appears we've lost the audio from the speaker's location. We will work to reconnect that. And in the meantime, I'm going to put some music into the call. Thank you. [technical difficulty] (1:58  4:50) Thank you for your patience, everybody, this is the operator. We have rejoined the speaker location. Mr. Dinges, the floor is yours, sir. And pardon me, it looks like we are having some difficulty with their location. Please, stand by.
Operator: Sorry for the interruption, everybody. This is the conference operator. I've joined Mr. Dinges' line back to the call. Floor is yours, sir.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: The floor is mine. I'm not sure where I left the floor.
Operator: You disconnected right after the forward-looking statement, sir.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Okay, all right, we can retool. Would you check and see if we paid the phone bill, please? For the second quarter, Cabot delivered another successful report card, highlighted by 14% year-over-year production growth, while generating positive free cash flow for the fifth consecutive quarter. Production growth for the quarter was driven by 15% increase in net Marcellus volumes year-over-year. This production growth coupled with an increase in Marcellus cash margins of almost 100% were the primary drivers for our strong cash flow growth year-over-year. Our year-to-date results further highlight what our high-quality asset base is capable of delivering, including the generation of $123 million of positive free cash flow despite realizations of an average price of about $2.50 for natural gas and $45 for oil. This positive free cash flow is net of the capital we utilized during the first half of the year to invest in growing our year-to-date production volumes by 10% year-over-year, to contribute to our equity ownership interest in the Atlantic Sunrise and Constitution Pipeline projects and to fund our grassroots leasing efforts in our two exploratory ventures, all of which provide us with optionality to create value for our shareholders. Of the $123 million of positive free cash flow, we have returned $100 million to the shareholders year-to-date via dividends and share repurchases. As a reminder, during the second quarter, we increased our dividend by 150% and repurchased 3 million shares at an average share price of $22.41. As I've reiterated over the past few quarters, we are committed to returning cash to shareholders while generating double-digit returns focused growth for the foreseeable future and I believe our actions during the quarter demonstrate that commitment. We will continue to focus on increasing our return of capital to shareholders as we gain more conviction in the timing of our new infrastructure and power plant projects and our resultant ability to execute on our robust growth plans over the coming year. I would highlight that when I mention robust growth in the future, I am referring not only to production growth, but also growth in free cash flow. While many of our industry peers are highlighting the ability to generate double-digit production growth within cash flow a few years from now at commodity price assumptions that are higher than the current strip, we are already delivering on this plan today. Our balance sheet continues to improve as we exited the second quarter with a net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDAX ratio of 1.1 times which is in line with our long-term target as we continue to manage our business around maintaining an investment-grade-like balance sheet. We continue to maintain over $500 million of cash on hand and have approximately $1.7 billion of available commitments under our credit facility. This liquidity allows us flexibility in the volatile environment as we assess all opportunities to create value for our shareholders and manage risk. In this morning's release, we also reaffirm our production growth, unit cost and capital guidance for the year, despite a small sequential decline implied by our third quarter guidance due primarily to mechanical issues at a third-party compressor that will likely continue until late August. We are very confident of being able to achieve our full year production targets. To illustrate this point, if you were to hold the midpoint of our third quarter guidance flat in the fourth quarter, we would hit the midpoint of our 8% to 12% full year production guidance range. However, our current intent is to grow our volumes sequentially in the fourth quarter based on our price expectations. Additionally, we are still targeting a 15% to 25% of returns focused growth in 2018 which will ultimately be dependent on the timing of infrastructure projects throughout the year. Moving on to our operations for the quarter in the Marcellus, our volumes for the second quarter were essentially flat to our first quarter volumes, which was in line with our expectations and guidance. We brought online only six wells as we had planned to do. Our Marcellus price expectations and realizations remained strong during the second quarter, increasing approximately 50% year-over-year. While we are forecasting a slight widening of basis during the third quarter, based on the current strip, we anticipate that fourth quarter differentials will revert back to levels similar to the first quarter of this year before significantly improving in the first quarter of 2018. This anticipated improvement is driven by the potential for approximately 6 Bcf per day of new takeaway capacity to be placed in service throughout the basin between now and the end of the first quarter. On the well productivity front, we continue to see positive momentum driven by the results of our Gen 4 wells year-to-date. We have placed 26 Gen 4 wells on production and the average production per lateral foot continues to outperform our 4.4 industry-leading Bcf per 1,000 feet type curve. We recently implemented a pilot program to test a new completion design that is focused on reducing our overall completion cost highlighting our ongoing effort to identify new efficiency gains and to mitigate potential well cost inflation in the future. In the Eagle Ford, we grew our daily oil production by 9% sequentially during the quarter despite a few operational delays, most of which were outside of our control. Additionally, as we highlighted in the press release, our long lateral wells were taking a little longer to clean up and reach peak production levels which has caused us to adjust our timing of the estimated production profiles for these wells. However, the overall estimated recovery from these wells on a per lateral foot basis has not changed given that our longer lateral wells ultimately catch up to the type curve within a few months of production and have demonstrated a shallower decline. On the cost front, we realized another 9% decrease in our Eagle Ford cost  drilling cost per foot relative to the first quarter, driven by faster drill times for which the cost savings has helped us offset the incremental completion cost associated with the higher density completions. We have obviously experienced a weakening in the outlook for oil prices since our first quarter call, which puts pressure on all oil projects, including returns in our Eagle Ford, despite continued improvements in our operating efficiencies. Our current plan is to continue to execute on our program for the remainder of the year, given that most of the capital we are allocating in Eagle Ford during the second half of the year is committed to or related to leasehold maintenance obligations. However, as we begin formulating our plans for 2018, I want to reiterate that we plan to remain disciplined with our capital allocation. We evaluated all of our opportunities, and we continue to evaluate all our opportunities to create value for shareholders in a sub-$50 oil price environment. Allocating any incremental capital to the Eagle Ford above what is needed to hold production flat and to maintain leasehold likely falls behind our superior returns in the Marcellus acceleration program and returning cash to shareholders in the pecking order. Infrastructure, Atlantic Sunrise remains on schedule for a potential construction start date beginning this quarter. As most of you are aware, we filed our final PA DEP and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers permit applications back in late May. We are now planning to receive both of these permits by late August, which will likely result in a mid to late September construction start. I also want to highlight that the Chapter 102 and 105 permits from Pennsylvania and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 404 permits are unrelated and will not necessarily be issued in any particular order. Based on the expectation of a 10-month construction period, the expectation remains for the pipeline to be in full service by mid-2018. We feel very confident in the timing of our remaining projects given that the TGP Orion is now expected to be placed in service in December, which is significantly ahead of the original schedule, while our two power plant projects, Moxie Freedom and the Lackawanna Energy Center, are currently under construction and on schedule. Also, a short update on Constitution, as there have been a few interesting Constitution-related data points regarding similar projects that have also been denied permits or delayed by the New York BEC. We continue to await the outcome from Constitution appeal in the Second Circuit Court, which will likely see some movement during the third quarter. In the meantime, the Constitution operator continues to assess various legal strategies in addition to our ongoing appeal. Williams has recently been vocal regarding their ongoing dialogue with the current administration surrounding our options on this project. We will continue to monitor this process, but we feel more optimistic about this project coming online in the next few years than we did say a year ago. A brief comment on the exploration front, the exploration effort is on schedule with our program. We have amassed a similar level of net acreage as our Eagle Ford footprint in one of our prospects, which is located in Texas. We have also secured a significant amount of acreage on our second prospect. The plan is to drill and evaluate the prospects with five wells between now and the end of the year. Additionally, we plan to remain within our budget of $125 million for all of this effort. This effort does not deter in any way our laser focus on generating our superior returns from our Marcellus operation. In summary, based on our increasing confidence in the timing of the infrastructure buildout in Appalachia coupled with our deep inventory of high-return drilling locations, we believe that we can execute on a program that will provide double-digit returns-focused production growth while generating free cash flow, further strengthen our balance sheet and liquidity position, improve our unit costs and margins, drive further improvements in capital efficiency, delivers an improving return on capital employed, and returns an increasing amount of cash to shareholders, all while assuming commodity prices that are no higher than today's strip. There are not many companies that can support a bullet point list similar to this. With that, Rocco, I'll be happy to answer any questions.
Operator: Thank you. Today's first question comes from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C.: Good morning, Dan.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hey, Charles.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C.: I wanted to ask about your share buybacks. I think I understand what you're trying to indicate about the confidence in your cash flows from the midstream deals, but I'm wondering. Can you elaborate more on what are the other pieces of your thought process as you're going to evaluate your future stock buybacks?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, I'll let Scott. Scott loves handling all the money and makes these money calls.
Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Charles. Again, when you look back at our history, even the last 10 years, we've been in and out of the market at various points based on our level of cash and things like that. At the end of the day, it is an opportunistic buyback. We've had authorization for a long period of time. Our authorization now is down to about 7 million shares when it was split adjusted. That means we've bought in about 13 million shares in our history in the last 10 years. But again, it is simply the fact that when we internally see a disconnect with what we know what's going on versus the marketplace  and we have no delusions. We understand the market is efficient, but at times there is those disconnects, and we saw that in the second quarter. And we want to send a message, so we're using some of that free cash flow rather than just let it sit on our balance sheet to buy in the shares and again, right now we made a very economic decision with $22.41 versus the $25 we're trading at now. We'll continue to be opportunistic, and I don't want to leave the impression that it's got to get back to $22 before we will be active in the market. Again, when we see weakness, we'll be opportunistic.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Charles, I might add also. As we progress in our plan and we get the infrastructure approval that we anticipate, we start ramping our program into filling those lines in incremental production. We see the compression that we expect in the Marcellus of the differential up there, our realizations improve. We're going to be generating a significant amount of cash. So that also will be a strong influence and a dictator of how we allocate cash back to shareholders.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C.: Thanks, Dan and Scott. That's helpful insight in your thinking. And, Dan, I wanted to ask my second question about these Gen 4 completions. And I like the update that you gave us, I think it's on slide 10 of your new presentation. But I'm wondering if you can guide our interpretation a bit of that. When I look at it, I see that those two lines are separating in the early days, but then they seem like they're becoming more parallel on that cume versus time. So to me, I'm thinking maybe this Gen 4 has outperformance in the early days but then settles into similar to your past completions. But is that the right way to look at it?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: I agree that it may be running a parallel course which in my opinion is actually good. We see that it does go past the 4.4 Bcf type curve on the slide that you're referring to, but running parallel and above that 4.4 Bcf line is what we are seeing and what we're pleased with. So as you travel out if it continues running parallel it's obvious that we would be capturing maybe greater than the 4.4 Bcf per 1,000 foot of lateral.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C.: Got it. Thanks for that, Dan.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hey, Doug.
John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. This is John. Nope, this is not Doug. This is John Abbott calling in on behalf of Doug.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hey, John.
John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: How are you doing? Just a couple of quick questions on our side. First, how are you thinking about the ramp, your ramp into Atlantic Sunrise? Are you thinking about growing aggressively into that or taking volumes potentially that are constrained elsewhere and moving it over? And second with regards to the Pennsylvania permits, what benchmark should we be looking there in order to see that if they get finished? I mean, you're expecting it here shortly, but what else needs to be done?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thank you. I'll give the second part of that to Jeff, but on the Atlantic Sunrise growth, we've kind of been clear on the ramp is not going to be instantaneously incremental. We are going to shift volumes out of the basin where we've had punitive differentials. We think with that shift that we should see as we expect a narrowing of that differential in basin, which would affect positively the gas that we do continue to produce in basin, and then we will continue to grow the volumes incrementally into the new capacity that Sunrise affords us. So it won't be instantaneous, but we certainly are planning our 2018 program as we're preparing to present to our board in October an increased capital program for 2018 that would allow us to grow our production in the 15% to 25% range as we have outlined.
John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate that. And then with regards to the Pennsylvania permits? What's left there for that to be done?
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Okay, John. Yes, we have two outstanding permits that are commonly known as the Section 102 and Section 105 permits. You're probably aware that the Pennsylvania DEP went out for public comments back in May on these two permits. That was closed late June. There were several thousand comments submitted and quite frankly a lot of them were positive. And right now the DEP is sorting through those comments, preparing answers and finalizing last-minute data request from questions that may have come up during that comment period. So we're expecting going forward that these permits are just getting the final touches to them, so to speak. And they'll be out the door here mid to late August.
John H. Abbott - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, John.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, good morning.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hey, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Dan, in the past you've indicated interest in maintaining some level of diversification in the portfolio even if modest with the Eagle Ford representing that place in the portfolio today. With the focus understandably on returning cash to shareholders even ahead of Eagle Ford drilling, are you now more comfortable with the asset base being even more levered to Northeast PA, and if so, are there changes that are increasing your long-term confidence in any growth from the region beyond a couple of pipelines and power plants that you've spoken about today?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, as we get closer to the realization that we will be able to start construction on infrastructure and move significant volumes, not only in the pipelines up there, but I think there's other projects that would be supportive of the differentials and realizations  and improve the realizations that we've seen in the past. As we go through that process and we get shovels in the ground, absolutely we're incrementally more comfortable about not only our growth horizon, but also our ability to return even more free cash to our coffer by virtue of the growth and improved differentials. There's still a look at the two exploration programs that we feel like if successful could return significant value for our shareholders. And we're going to vet those through the data gathering process that I have outlined. Going out and looking out in the Northeast and looking at the power plant projects, looking at the Atlantic Sunrise, yes, we have anticipation of Constitution also securing the approval later, whether it's 2019 or 2020, we think that could be an incremental gain. We do know that there is committed to firm capacity in the infrastructure up there that might not be filled by those holders of that firm that also provides an avenue for future growth up there also. So between now and 2020 compared to where Cabot has been on the last three years just trying to battle the regulators and the anti-group trying to stop pipeline from being installed, I am extremely optimistic about the near-term for Cabot. And our concern about diversity or growth mitigates each day as we get closer to these infrastructure approvals.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks. That's helpful. Small follow-up on exploration and I think in your comments you mentioned one of the two projects was in Texas. I think last quarter you said that at least one of the projects was seeking oil. Is that still the case? Can you give any color on the second project and when  on either one there'll be more color that you can share from a well performance perspective?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, we are. With these two prospects, they are tied to a diversity if you will in the commodity mix. So yes, oil is the focus and as we gather additional information through between now and the end of the year, we would only be speculating in what we anticipate. We do continue to do our due diligence and looking at the data that we have in hand, looking at the reprocessed seismic that we continue to work and continue to gather more data. And some of it being subsurface data from the past in each of these prospect areas. So, the data we gather continues to reinforce our concepts on both of these prospects. So from timing, Brian, on when we might have something solid, I really think it would be after the first of the year. Ideally, what I would love to see would be four or so wells in each prospect area tested, some flow back period and with those tests and flow back period we could give you cost examples. We could give you return profiles. We could even look at the quality of the fluid mix to talk a little bit more in depth about what it's going to take on the surface side of the business and the infrastructure side and give assurances that we've mitigated risk on program execution from logistics. That's when I would feel great about talking about it. I'm sure we'll be asked about it and maybe we'll process out a little bit of information along the way, but that's kind of overall in a summary fashion how I look at releasing data on exploratory projects.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. And are there any wells that are down today or is it just the five that are going to be drilled between now and the end of the year?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: The only wells that are down today are wells that have been drilled subsequent to us getting into the area, and that was typically wells drilled years and years and years ago.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bob Morris with Citi. Please go ahead.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hello, Bob. You must be on mute.
Operator: Hello, Mr. Morris? Okay, we will go to the next question, which is from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Good morning, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I think my first question is probably a Jeff one. Recently, it looks like New Jersey is trying to imitate New York with the recent PennEast permit denial. I was just wondering if Jeff could give me his take on whether or not he thinks this is particularly significant at this point in the development of PennEast.
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Sure, Jeffrey. So as a shipper on that project, we do communicate quite a bit with the operator and the other partners. The New Jersey denial was not unexpected. They realized that there was insufficient data that was necessary and required. And quite frankly they were moving toward that end when we lost the FERC quorum. As you know, PennEast is still pending their certificate. But in this law, I guess what I understand is they move more toward the complete application at this point, and it will get a second look.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great, thank you. And then just  I just want to make sure that I wasn't confused. Did you say that you're going to drill five total exploratory wells second half or is there going to be five in each one of these two exploratory areas that you've referred to?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Two different things. One we're going to plan within our $125 million budget to drill five exploratory wells in the second half. My comment on having five wells in each prospect was just an example that says that ideally I would like to have before we make full disclosure, full release, I would like to have that level of detail to be able to lay out and give the shareholder the confidence that we have really vetted these projects as opposed to coming out with just a little bit of information that would be maybe somewhat more speculative or not having any type of term to a test except for in one area or two areas or something like that. I'd like to be able to see a little bit more information before we would make any release. I understand entirely though, as we get pushed to release information, that we'll do our best to accommodate those requests without giving away too much information and without speculating too much.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And with that color that you just provided, I'm just wondering. The five wells that you're going to drill, are you going to do some preliminary exploration in both of the plays or are you concentrating the five wells in one of them at this time?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: No, we are right now have  we have four wells in one area and the four wells that we have in the one area is the area that we had less subsurface control points to be able to mature our concept. And so we're gathering additional data there. One well in the other area, in this other area, we had and have more subsurface information and we have more information to mature our concept up front in that area, but the drilling of the well would assist us in proof of concept on some of our ideas.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you, I appreciate it.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Holly Stewart of Scotia Howard Weil. Please go ahead.
Holly Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: Good morning, gentlemen.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hi, Holly.
Holly Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: Maybe first one for Scott just on uses of capital. Just how are you thinking about f balancing the buyback versus the 2018 maturity?
Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: I think it's definitely not with our financial position an either/or. As you know, we have a fully undrawn revolver of $1.7 billion. So worst case scenario, if we saw an opportunity to use a disproportionate share of the free cash plus what's on our balance sheet, being opportunistic, buying in shares, we would follow through on that opportunity and not worry about that we need to hold some of that in reserve for the 2018 maturity. The 2018 maturity does go current, so you'll see it as current actually this month. Most of it does, so you'll see it in current in the third quarter 10-Q. As many of you know, Cabot is unrated by design over the years. One of the things we're going to explore is a refinancing strategy on that where we actually go to the public markets and get some indications from the agencies. We haven't been hurt by not being rated. At the same time, the size of the company we are and where we're at in our life cycle, it's probably time to explore that option. So that will also be taking place over the next probably six to eight to 10 months.
Holly Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay, so help me with that. If you were not considered investment-grade, don't you have to post LCs for the pipes?
Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: No, because we have a longstanding track record and we are investment-grade in the private placement market, and we've worked through all those hurdles over the years.
Holly Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: Okay, great. And then maybe one just for Jeff on Constitution, given what we've seen with Millennium and Northern Access here as of late, any insights into the appeal or maybe how you're thinking about the future paths to take going forward?
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Sure, Holly. Of course, not just with Millennium and also with National Fuel, I hesitate to use the word the plot thickens, it may be appropriate. Regarding the Constitution and our appeal, we're on that tail end of the time period where we expect the Second Circuit to give us a ruling, so that's getting close. It is a complicated case, so it may not be right around the corner, but our expectations are that we'll see something out of the courts fairly soon. I think the bottom line on the Millennium case was punting back authority levels to the FERC is obviously a very good thing, and we'll see how that plays out. It probably has a shorter duration to play out in the next few months as we see what the DEC actually does with that permit application here soon. And then National Fuel, of course, has such a similar set of facts that we have with Constitution and their plight with the sure pipeline and will be a New York-based company and the job creations and all of the good things that that new pipeline does is again very similar to Constitution, and we expect some clarity on just how we're going to be able to operate in New York.
Holly Stewart - Scotia Howard Weil: Great, thanks, guys.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Holly.
Operator: And our next question comes from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hey, Drew.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, Dan. I was hoping you'd speak to how this exploration program might play into your decisions around plans to accelerate return of cash to shareholders and how you envision the timing because obviously results are difficult to predict, as you had noted, and you might want to engage in a lot more testing before making a call to go to development mode or you might be disappointed and decide to cool down the program. So maybe can you just speak to that?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, I can make it a short answer or a long answer. I'll try to get it in between. But our idea is to always improve our lie and to improve our capital efficiency. We believe that the best areas to allocate capital are in core areas. And I would define core areas as like our Marcellus. And there probably are several other maybe very core areas in the oil areas that would allow capital to be allocated, returns that would generate not only growth but also free cash. Our objective is to try to improve our lie over any areas like our Eagle Ford that I do not  it's a good asset, certainly running even at these lower threshold commodity prices, our weighted average cost of capital. But I don't believe a company survives on just drilling areas that have a return profile based on the weighted cost of capital. So our objective would be to improve our lie and be able to do it in a way that would return not only significant returns-focused growth, but also free cash, which would in fact allow us to generate more free cash to give back to shareholders. So that's our objective. If we were on your fail case or uncertain case, if we were to not be able to get to a core asset profile with our exploration program and then though we saw that our infrastructure projects were taking off in the Marcellus, we decided to go in that direction solely as an ongoing project, which by the way is a high-class problem to have with those assets, if we made that decision, I am confident with the subsurface data we have, with the concept design we've created that there is going to be incremental value in these assets in these two projects. And if in fact they were not core-type projects for us, I'd still think that with the dollars invested, entry level at a very, very low cost, that we would be able to generate significant returns for the shareholders if in fact we decided to monetize those assets.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, that's all very helpful color, Dan. And just on the timing of when you think you would be able to make a call or would like to make a call, is that in the next 12 months or is it end of 2018 or potentially beyond that before you decide this really does look like a core play or it doesn't?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, Drew, I would think that  I would be surprised if it goes beyond 12 months that we would not be able to rationalize with a fairly high degree of confidence where in our return profile expectations that these two projects would fall.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, so envision that you did not have as much success as you wanted. Is that when you would try to accelerate that cash return to shareholders, let's say, in 12 months or something like that?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, we would make a decision at that time similar as we make decisions today with the facts and information in front of us.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's all very helpful color, Dan. Thank you.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Drew.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Deckelbaum of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, Dan. Thanks for taking everyone's questions today.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: You bet, David.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Could you elaborate a little bit more on the pilot program that you have in the Eagle Ford to reduce well costs? Is that a function that you've tried some enhanced completions there and you're looking at some tweaks on just optimizing that cost down that perhaps you maybe use a bit too much services on these wells, or is it  how are you guys thinking about balancing that and what's that pilot program really looking at?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, good question, David. I'll let Steve Lindeman field that question.
Steven W. Lindeman - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: David, throughout the year, we've done a number of things again as we released, we've been working to drive our drilling costs by drilling longer laterals. In this quarter, we completed lateral lengths up to 12,000 feet. And in addition to longer laterals, we've been doing some cluster spacing testing, some diverter testing. And those are the kind of results that we're digesting right now. We've also upped our sand volume, which is one of the things of late that have increased completion costs. And so as we get more production data in on this population of wells, we're going to look at what combination or how we can optimize that to increase the return, whether we decrease sand, whether we adjust our clusters or look at what lateral lengths we might go to. So those are all the knobs that we're working out right now.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And is that just a function of the longer cleanup times just might cannibalize some of the returns there, just with the larger sand volumes?
Steven W. Lindeman - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, clearly, what we're trying to do from a return perspective is up the initial rate, but obviously our long-term goal is to increase reserves from each well. And we're happy with what we're seeing in terms of the reserve profile, that we're seeing a flatter decline. But with the additional water that's being applied, and maybe it's a function of the additional clusters so that water is staying nearer to the well bore, it's just taking us longer to (48:25).
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: That's all helpful color. And the last one for me, Dan, is, I think recently you kind of discussed the sensitivity around the Eagle Ford program and sounds like the back half of the year, you said that capital is locked in for the leasehold. As you get into 2018, is the Eagle Ford program  are you at a decision point really that's sensitive to commodity price as to whether you want to sell this asset or sort of continue in a single rig sort of development mode? And is that price point closer to $50 or...
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, at the level that we're in right now for oil commodity prices, what we've been doing with the capital allocation and the decision point to allocate capital to the Eagle Ford has been really based on lease obligations and maintaining our commitment and not losing any of the optionality that we would have in the future. And certainly in the event that we do get improvements in the commodity price that either way, whether we decide to allocate additional capital to it or if we decide to monetize, in either case, we want to maintain and keep all of our optionality. And so the pinch point is what kind of lease requirements that we need to complete to maintain that leasehold position. So when you look at our entire program, we're running dual tracks here. We're looking at our return profile with every dollar we spend and I understand the angst with shareholders on why you're allocating money to a project that is not returning the superior returns that maybe a Marcellus would? But again there's a lot of capital in the industry being allocated, that don't return what the Marcellus does. And I think though that when we move forward with our exploratory projects, we do increase our optionality with infrastructure buildout. It gives us the ability to be a little bit more aggressive, if you will, in the decisions we make on where we want to allocate, how we want to allocate, what we want to monetize, and do we have some other options to maybe create additional new venture projects that meet a threshold definition as we would say as a core asset for us. So we are really running some dual tracks right now and still trying to maintain our acreage position in the Eagle Ford. And the team has done a great job that has allowed us to again continue to get the returns we want, but everybody is wanting to have a program that would generate greater returns than the cost of capital.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Understood. Good luck with all the permits this summer. Thanks, Dan.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, thanks, David.
Operator: And today's next question comes from Mike Kelly of Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Thanks, good morning. Was hoping to just probe a little bit more into really the hurdle rate or threshold rate you're going to judge these new venture plays against. And if you could give us kind of a ballpark project return that really will improve your lie or generate growth in free cash flow. I know you've laid out the Eagle Ford as 45% project return at $50. The Marcellus is 120% at $2. I would imagine it's somewhere in between there. But what's kind of your ballpark rule of thumb or what's acceptable to you?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, Mike, I'm not going to get down that granular. We have described exactly what you just laid out, that we're looking to improve our lie. We're looking to be able to find projects that would enhance the shareholders' value. And we think that from an Eagle Ford position-type asset, I don't consider that level of return as core. I do define our Marcellus that you laid out as core and we're just trying to again improve our efficiency and look at a project that would allow us to do what I've said in the past and that's be able to grow the asset and generate free cash. So you're going to be in a good return ZIP Code if you're able to accomplish that.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay, great, fair enough. And just a follow-up from me. Just wondering if I'm making the right read here, read between the lines with the share repurchase. There's really kind of a sign that your confidence in receiving the final permits in Atlantic Sunrise has really only increased over the last quarter and remains pretty high.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, it's two things. One, that we had available cash. It came out of the third quarter of 2016, fourth quarter of 2016. And then the first quarter of 2017, we saw how significantly the differentials narrowed. And we saw under a more normal condition what our project would generate in free cash with realizations in the range that we realized for the first half of this year. So a combination of again seeing good realizations that we hadn't seen in maybe three years come to fruition, but also to your point getting closer to the approval process and narrowing down on the commissioning of these infrastructures. Both of those gave us the confidence to not only increase our dividend by 150% but also to do the share repurchases that we've made. And Scott's point was made about we have a reauthorization still of 7 million shares. And yes, we're going to be opportunistic, but we also feel very confident of our future generation of free cash. And that is instrumental in our decisions to move forward with the share repurchases.
Michael Dugan Kelly - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Great, guys, appreciate it.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Paul Grigel of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys. Just one last follow-up on the shareholder-friendly activities. With the high levels of expected free cash flow, if you don't deem the exploration program as a large use of capital, will the shareholder-friendly activities be all in the form of buybacks, a special dividend or yearly dividend increase? Trying to understand where the thought process is moving forward on that one?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, we have two of the three we've already implemented, and those two, one, increased dividend and, two, the buyback. Special dividends, you could look at special dividends, but what we like to see, we like to see every shareholder in our stock and we like to see every shareholder hold our stock for a period of time and enjoy the ride up. And by having a consistent dividend yield and increasing maybe dividend policy and also buybacks I think the higher priority focus is then trying to suggest that we would be issuing special dividends.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Fair enough. And then on the operational front, could you provide any additional color on the compressor downtime into 3Q, location or risks that it may extend into September? And then tangentially to that, any comments on either service cost inflation or availability within the Marcellus that you're seeing?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Okay. I'll let Jeff take care of the compressor comment first.
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Sure, Paul. We got notified by DTE, who owns and operates Bluestone Pipeline, which cuts through the core of Susquehanna County in our area. We were making deliveries from a station there, and they had done an inspection on a compressor station that actually pumps gas in the Millennium Pipeline on the North end of their system. Long story short, they noticed some vibration, damage to the engines, and immediately shut it down, removed the engines, check out the foundation, and decided that in this particular case the best idea going forward was simply lease core new engines, rebuild the station as quickly as possible and get back online. The current in-service dates we're getting now are August 23, give or take a few days. And we think we'll be back in business around September 1.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: And do you have any follow-up on that?
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Oh I'm sorry.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: No, no, that's good amount. Just on the service costs and availability, any issues there?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: No, in the Marcellus right now it's basically been fairly flat, Paul, on the service cost side.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks, guys, I appreciate the time.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Karl Chalabala of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Karl J. Chalabala - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen. I just have one question. I was curious if you could  because Cove Point has been commissioned and looks to be taking some peak gas here. You guys obviously are a big supplier of that gas at Sumitomo. Are you going to be able to get physical down or through some other backhaul arrangement before Sunrise comes online and capture any margin there, or will that gas be coming from somewhere else?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Jeff can handle that one too.
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, Karl, thanks for the question. We talk about this quite a bit and preparing for a good little while now since we've known that Sunrise is going to be slightly delayed on what is the best path on getting Susquehanna County gas down to the Cove Point Pipeline. We currently own existing capacity to get some of that gas down to the Cove Point Pipeline. We're contracting with a few others that have paths leaving Susquehanna County to get additional volumes down to Cove Point. We have some other options with capacity holders that have valid paths, our gathering systems that run past the Cove Point Pipeline, so we're working out arrangements with them as we speak. We're looking at this from a variety of angles. For example, we're still not entirely sure when Cove Point will be up and running. We're taking on the best case that they'll be up in January, which fits us rather nicely. And I don't think we'll have any problem contracting for various paths and cobble together enough transportation options to get our gas down to the pipeline.
Karl J. Chalabala - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks for that, Jeff. And can you remind me, please, the agreement on price for that? Would that be a NYMEX Light deduct on the FT cost?
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes, so reaching way back to when we press released the deal, we let everyone know that it was a Henry Hub-based price that had other opportunities associated with it. Due to the confidentiality with Sumitomo, we've hesitated and not disclosed any particulars about the pricing.
Karl J. Chalabala - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it, okay. Thank you, gentlemen.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Karl.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bob Morris with Citi. Please go ahead.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. I think you called me earlier, Dan, I had to step away, so I apologize if you did call me earlier. But just looking at the Gen 4 completions, which you pointed out are outperforming the 4.4 Bcf per 1,000-foot type curve, I recall that in going to Gen 4 from Gen 3, it was a combination of enhanced cluster spacing, some higher sand loading, some tweaks to the pumping system there. But if you look at the economics of that and the higher cost to put in a higher sand in particular in the tighter cluster spacing, how much of an uplift are you seeing in the actual economics given that higher cost for what is now that higher type curve?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: As far as the 4.4 Bcf increase over the Gen 3 or even looking at now our current type curve, I'm going to do a SWAG here and I'll probably get slapped back, but I think it's about 10% to 15% is the uplift I think we're seeing.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then, I guess similarly in the Eagle Ford, I know you didn't put out the type curves because it's taken longer for the longer laterals to clean up, there you'd gone from 1,600 pounds per foot to 2,000 pounds per foot. Similarly, is that providing enhanced economics and you then go to even higher sand loadings, or what are you seeing as far as optimizing the sand loading into Eagle Ford?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: We've had a little bit of discussion, Bob, on additional loading, cluster spacing. Steve went over, and looking at our flow-back periods with the longer laterals, more water pump to carry extra load and more clusters, we're looking at the tweaks. And as Steve mentioned, if you have more water around near well bore, more loading you push back some of the volumes back until they work their way back to the well bore. Initially, certainly the rate it comes back does affect the rate of return, and so we're at early, early stage trying to evaluate just exactly what is going to be the best recipe to get the most return out of the project without compromising the EUR and cost. So it's still early and it's work in progress and all the data gathering and database that we're building, trying to build our Big Data platform as others are. We are going to be looking at it and utilizing the data to make decisions in the future.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then just lastly real quick, back to the Gen 5 completion, is that strictly just reducing cost, or does Gen 5 in the Marcellus also entail some greater sand loading or even tighter cluster spacing?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: It's just different. And yes, we are trying to do a little bit of both. We're trying to see what cost can be taken out by different completion, and we're trying to make a determination, does it also affect initial rates and EURs on the completions. Too early time to speculate where we are with that.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great, thank you, Dan.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: And today's final question comes from Marshall Carver of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead.
Marshall Hampton Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Yes, I was just trying to connect the dots here. Your comments that you're looking for core rates of return with your exploration program similar to the Marcellus, that just seems like almost an impossibly high hurdle. If it doesn't compete, would you expect to sell it and therefore you probably would sell it because it's hard to find anything that could possibly compete, or am I thinking about that wrong? It just seems like 100% rates of return are a really, really tough bar to clear.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Marshall, I don't put the core definition as only what our return is in the Marcellus. There are some areas out there that I think have what I would define as core returns that might not be the returns of the Marcellus, but they're returns, if that was where you were strictly focused would allow for, even though less returns than the Marcellus, would still allow for growth and return of free cash, and that is somewhere in between, which I have not defined, between our Eagle Ford and our Marcellus. So there is a swap in between there, obviously on the upper end, that says yes, these would be core projects, and you're right in your assessment. How you define a core and looking at the number of companies that are able to spend the money, drill the wells, complete them, put them in the pipeline, grow double digits, and generate free cash and give free cash back to shareholders, there's not many that fall in that definition, but that definition is I think somewhat below what our Marcellus return is, but it is a very, very high bar to get to, and that's what we're trying to do. We recognize that if you go, just like the comments we've made on the Eagle Ford. Some would say that why are you spending money in the Eagle Ford. Go spend it all on the Marcellus, because you're diluting your return profile. We get the map. The difference is that that has not deterred from anything we've done in the Marcellus. We've been handicapped without infrastructure up there. We think we're getting close to that. We don't think anything we're doing in these two projects to try to determine can we find a really, really good another return project to get to some of our capital allocation. It will not impact one dollar that we plan to allocate to our Marcellus and our anticipation of filling all incrementally the infrastructure volumes that we're going to grow to in the Marcellus. But what we are  and to the point that maybe another question referred to, how do we balance giving back to shareholders as opposed to investing into an oil or gas well? Well, we've decided to give some back to shareholders right now because we don't have a place that is going to allow us to meet our benchmark of growing and generating free cash after you do the full cycle return profile of our projects. And if we get to the point that we would hope to get and I might add that in our initial economics that we run to make the first decisions to spend capital to look for those type of ideas. we certainly have economics and a development plan in scope, though speculative, that would do what I'm talking about, and that is invest, have a development program, get to the point of growth where free cash, the program is supporting on its own cash generation and also generating free cash for other optionality. And as we have suggested and as we have done, that is to give back to shareholders.
Marshall Hampton Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any final remarks.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Okay. Thank you, Rocco. I think with the questions that have been asked and the answers provided, you can see that we remain focused on returns. We are going to continue to focus on returns. And with the right projects where we allocate capital, we think we're going to be able to achieve exactly what we've been able to achieve in the second quarter. Thanks for your interest, and I look forward to discussion again on the third quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp. Steven W. Lindeman - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.
Analysts: Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Karl J. Chalabala - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chairman, President and CEO, Mr. Dan Dinges. Please go ahead.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thank you, Phil, and good morning to all. Thank you for joining us today for Cabot's first quarter 2017 earnings call. With me today are several members of our executive team. On the call today, I will be referencing slides from the earnings presentation we've posted to our website this morning, which highlight our operational and financial results for the quarter. Before we get started, I would like to move to slide 2 of the presentation, which addresses our forward-looking statements. Please note that we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations this morning. Also, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. Forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are provided in both the earnings release and this presentation. Now let's move to the highlights of the quarter on slide 3. Cabot grew daily production volumes by 7% relative to the prior year quarter, driven primarily by an increase in Marcellus volumes that benefited from a much improved natural gas price environment during the first quarter. Our production levels were right on top at the high end of our production range for the quarter, which resulted in 6% growth sequentially over the fourth quarter of last year. The company pivoted from a net loss of $51 million in the first quarter of last year to a net income of $106 million during the first quarter of this year while increasing EBITDAX by over 200%. The improvements were primarily driven by 7% increase in daily production volumes; a 77% increase in natural gas price realizations; and 11% decrease in operating expense per unit. Of the utmost importance, the company was able to grow production and cash flow, while generating positive free cash flow for the fourth consecutive quarter. Based on our strong performance during the first quarter coupled with the improved outlook for regional pricing for the remainder of the year, we have increased our full year 2017 production growth guidance range from 5% to 10% to 8% to 12% without increasing our drill and complete capital for the year. Slide 4 illustrates the significant improvement we have seen in our pre-hedge price realizations over the last four quarters. Realizations for April and May will likely be about $0.25 lower than the first quarter average. However, this implies that our average natural gas price realizations for the first five months of the year will be about 70% higher than the same period in 2016, highlighting the significant improvement in cash margins we are realizing to-date. Moving to slide 5, it speaks to the improvement we have seen in the outlook for regional differentials, which is driven in large part by the anticipation of significant regional takeaway capacity additions in the near future, including Rover, Atlantic Sunrise, and Leach XPress, coupled with a supply side that has not kept pace with recent takeaway capacity additions. This improving outlook for differentials has driven our decision to modestly increase our anticipated production levels for the year. Now I'll move to slide 6 which illustrate our updated capital budget for 2017. As I mentioned previously, we are increasing our production guidance range for the year without increasing our drilling capital  drill and complete capital, which is largely driven by the outperformance we have witnessed in our recent Gen 4 Marcellus completions. As we highlighted in the press release this morning, we have included up to $125 million of capital in this year's budget for exploratory lease acquisition and testing in new areas that have been analyzed. As we communicated on the year-end call in February, we have been evaluating new platforms for future growth that has the potential to generate competitive full-cycle returns and we have identified two new areas that we believe warrant further testing. These are areas where we have direct line of sight towards building sizable contiguous acreage positions that allow for an efficient operations at, most importantly, a low-cost of entry. I will define a sizable position as one that has the potential to provide over a decade of high-quality drilling inventory. I would also highlight that the $66 million or over 50% of the spending occurred in the first quarter. So, these expenditures are front-end loaded this year and the first quarter capital outlay are not indicative of the quarterly run rate we anticipate going forward. While these projects are in the early stage of evaluation and carry the risk that come along with exploration, based on the geo-modeling our team has performed to-date, we are cautiously optimistic about their potential. And that is why we moved forward with the leasing and will subsequently test our ideas later this year. We will keep you updated on these projects if and when there is something commercial to discuss. Keep in mind, even with the spending, we still forecast over $250 million of positive free cash flow based on recent strip prices. Moving on to operations, slide 7 and 8 highlight the outperformance we're seeing in both the Marcellus and Eagle Ford for wells placed on production during the first quarter. While there is limited production data on these wells, the early results are very encouraging. In the Eagle Ford, we plan to place 14 enhanced completion wells on production this quarter and we'll continue to analyze the results over the coming months to determine the impact on estimated recoveries we are expecting as a result of the recent completion design enhancements. However, I am pleased with the results we have seen to-date. Slide 9 illustrates the continued reduction in drilling costs we have experienced in both of our operating areas. While we are still forecasting some cost inflation throughout the year primarily on the pumping side of the component of our well cost, we only anticipate about a 5% increase in total cost in the Marcellus and possibly a 10% increase in our Eagle Ford well cost by year-end. However, in fact, our first quarter Marcellus and Eagle Ford well cost actually came in under budget. Moving to slide 10, slide 10 demonstrates the strength of our balance sheet and highlights how our leverage metrics have been reduced to pre-downcycle levels. Based on our current three-year plan, we continue to see a material deleveraging as we grow EBITDA at a healthy rate without adding any incremental leverage to the balance sheet given our positive free cash flow outlook. Now, let's move to slide 11 on which we have provided a brief update on the status of our upcoming takeaway projects. For purposes of this discussion, I will focus primarily on Atlantic Sunrise on the left-hand side of the slide. As most of you are aware, we received the FERC certificate approving the project back in early February. Since then, the Atlantic Sunrise team has been working on obtaining access to the remaining property in order to complete the surveys needed for final permit application with the Pennsylvania DEP. I'm happy to report that we have now completed 100% of all cultural and environmental surveys required for the remaining permits in Pennsylvania. We expect to file the final permit application in early May and anticipate full approval and permits in early July. Based on this timing, we anticipate that construction on the greenfield portion of the project will begin in early third quarter 2017. Based on the expectation of a 10-month construction period, we remain confident that the pipeline will be fully in-service by mid-2018. We continue to hear from thousands of people who support the projects  individual, chambers, business groups, labor unions  who recognize the economic benefit of the project in addition to recognizing the important role it plays in supporting the tens of thousands of jobs tied to the State's natural gas industry. As far as other projects on the right-hand side of the slide, all of these important capacity additions remain on schedule for our targeted in-service date with the exception of Constitution, the status of which is currently pending our appeal process. We are hoping for a positive outcome sometime in late second quarter based on the timing of appeals. Slide 12 is a new slide that we rolled out at an investor conference last month, highlighting the capital efficiency and free cash flow potential of our Marcellus asset. For purposes of this analysis, we assume that we held production flat at 3.7 Bcf per day, which is our estimated productive capacity assuming we maintain our existing market share in-basin and, ultimately, fill the incremental capacity additions we have listed with new production. This also excludes Constitution capacity given the uncertainty around the project timing. As you can see, this asset has the ability to generate significant amounts of annual free cash flow even in a lower natural gas price environment. Currently, we modeled a long-term weighted-average differential of approximately a negative $0.35 off NYMEX for the Marcellus asset, assuming no contribution from Constitution. Given that assumption, we would only need to see a $2.35 to $3.35 NYMEX price annually to achieve the $900 million to $2 billion range of pre-tax free cash flow highlighted on the bottom of this slide. I think most would agree the range of NYMEX price is not a stretch especially in light of all the demand growth we are anticipating throughout the remainder of this decade. The obvious follow-up question from this slide is, what are you going to do with all the free cash flow? We have attempted to address some of the possibilities on slide 13. Assuming the takeaway capacity is there and pricing is favorable, our first option would always be to reinvest it back into the Marcellus asset given that we believe this is one of the most economic assets in the country. Assuming we cannot reinvest at all in the Marcellus, we will continue to look at allocating a small portion of the cash flow into the Eagle Ford assuming the returns justify it. I believe our increase in Eagle Ford capital earlier this year, coupled with our planned increase in Marcellus capital in 2018 to grow into a new takeaway capacity, highlights our commitment to this portion of the strategy. The bottom left box is a current focus of discussion for our Management and the Board and one that we take very seriously. Obviously, we have been in a bit of a holding pattern over the last few years as we await clarity on the timing of infrastructure and what that ultimately meant for our capital requirements as we began to ramp activity levels and production into these projects. As a result, even though we saw the likelihood of free cash flow on the horizon, we were hesitant to commit to any incremental return of cash to shareholders. However, as we get closer to having some of these projects in service and, therefore, have more confidence in the timing of being able to deliver free cash flow projects that our income model implies, we are more focused on this discussion. I would highlight that in the past, we have demonstrated our commitment to returning cash to shareholders via our doubling of dividends in 2013 and the repurchase of shares in both 2013 and 2014, so, it is certainly a priority of ours. For several years, I've been asked numerous times what Cabot plans to do with its anticipated cash flow outside of reinvesting in our current high level operating areas and returning cash to shareholders. As you may suspect, I have received a plethora of ideas from many different circles. The Cabot team has worked overtime evaluating many plausible uses of our anticipated free cash with the objective to create long term sustainable value for Cabot shareholders. I have never deviated from this objective. Having a world-class asset as the cornerstone only enhances the challenge, although I might add it is a high class challenge. The search carries us to many areas including bolt-on acquisitions, joint ventures, acreage trades, and our internally generated greenfield ideas. In order for these greenfield ideas to warrant consideration, capital allocation, our team participates in an exhaustive evaluation process to determine if the idea meets our objectives. Several examples of our objective include the cost of entry. Do we think the idea can potentially generate full-cycle returns and compete with our current portfolio? We also ask about high-quality drilling locations. Is the idea scalable and well positioned for efficient operations? What's the initial term from leasing to full-scale efficient development? When do we get positive free cash flow? Impacts on balance sheet? Potential growth? So, as you can see, all of these ideas have gone through our decision that we've come up with. I'm confident that Cabot's process of evaluation, risk assessment, and methodology, and methodical capital allocation will result in enhanced long-term value for its shareholders. As we highlighted earlier, there is a high degree of risk associated with a grassroots leasing exploration effort. However, compared to our evaluation of the acquisitions made in the M&A space and the implied first-cycle economics on those transactions, we are comfortable with the risk profile and the potential project returns of our ideas to support this grassroots effort. After all, approximately 10 years ago, we drilled our first well in our grassroots Marcellus play in Northeast Pennsylvania and we have certainly been pleased with those returns. With that, Phil, I'll be happy to answer any questions.
Operator: Thank you, Dan. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Okay. Our first question comes from Michael Glick from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Just on the exploratory plays. I mean, recognizing you're probably hesitant to provide a ton of color given its early-stage nature. But just any high-level thoughts from the types of plays you're chasing in the competitive landscape within the plays? And then are hydrocarbon or geologic  geographic diversification some of the goals here?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. Primary goal, really one, two and three, is could we find an area to allocate capital that would compete with the return profile we see in our existing portfolio. And therefore, deliver the returns to our shareholders that would exceed where we're investing capital right now. So, we were indifferent regarding the commodity diversity and looking at the areas, potential competitive landscapes and a lot of areas that we're all aware of. Through an exploration effort, we evaluated every basin that is out there. We looked at, actually, areas that were not necessarily in traditional fairway of the key basins. But all-in-all, and balling all of that up, also looking and evaluating all the M&A transactions that have transpired, we did go through some data rooms and get a good feel for valuations out there and that's based to be able to compare to not only did that meet our threshold of full-cycle returns, but also, did it allow for us to enhance our portfolio of projects on a go-forward spend. And as we continue to do our exploration effort, our guys came up with good ideas that we felt justified further expenditure. And so, when you look at our cost of entry and you look at the possible returns that we see in these two projects and you look at the scale that we're comfortable with being able to develop, we are excited about where we've allocated the capital and we're also excited about moving forward with some incremental testing.
Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: But you're right. I don't want to be coy on the exploration ideas. But as you appreciate in your  the way you catch the question, we're just not going to talk in-depth about specifics of what we're doing. But I do appreciate the question regarding kind of our thought process on what we're trying to achieve.
Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. And then just jumping to the Marcellus, what do you think the drivers are of the outperformance of your Q1 wells versus your Gen 4 type curve?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, we've seen the enhanced cluster spacing. We've loaded a little bit more in the lateral foot basins. We have tweaked our pump pressures and our pump rates and we feel good about what we're seeing in the results and the early time curve. We are, in fact, have seen now a number of wells off of several different pads come online, short time, Michael, knowing that it is again, just kind of near-term cleanup production, 30, 40, 50 days, some of these. But it is exceeding our 4.4 type curve that we came out with at the beginning of the year. So, all those things are, I think, contributing to just our ability to maybe break a little bit more rock, a little bit more near-wellbore conductivity and we're seeing the results.
Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. And then if I could sneak one last quick one in. Just on Atlantic Sunrise, does FERC need a quorum to issue a Notice to Proceed?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: I will turn that to Jeff.
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Michael, the simple answer is no.
Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So, basically, you get the other permits from the states and then the current situation, they could approve it?
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yes. If you've been following the other projects in Southwest PA, in Ohio, West Virginia, et cetera, the Notices to Proceed are coming out on a regular basis from the staff. Additionally, we've got some partial Notices to Proceed on Atlantic Sunrise for the mainline construction and you see those pop up about every week and they range from compressor station work to looping and other projects on the mainline.
Michael A. Glick - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Well, thank you very much.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thank you Michael.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Phillip Jungwirth from BMO. Please go ahead.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks. Good morning.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hey, Phillip.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Wondering if you could talk to the decision to budget $125 million this year for exploration and really just the need for a new core area when, I mean, on the surface, it's a little less obvious with 3,000 Marcellus locations remaining. And then also could you just update us on your view of incremental Marcellus production capacity beyond the 3.7 Bcf a day ex-Constitution?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Okay. I'll leave the second part of that question to Jeff. But in looking at our allocation of an additional $125 million, if you look historically at exploration budget and you assess the amount that we've allocated in the past, the $125 million is frankly right in line with where we've allocated in the past, less than except the last two years. So, there's nothing unique about that level of capital allocation. When we began our effort of looking at our needs in the future to enhance shareholder value, we look at the Marcellus and the Marcellus is such a low capital intensity asset, i.e. the need for the number of drilling rigs and the need for a number of frac crews to grow our production that we knew we were going to generate a significant amount of free cash. As I mentioned, even in the most punitive realizations Cabot has had in its corporate history, in 2016 we still generated free cash and grew that asset. With this infrastructure build-out that is occurring as we speak and looking at the amount of capital necessary to fulfill all of the capacity of those new projects, it again is not going to take near the amount of free cash  near the amount of capital that we're generating and we'll have the free cash. So, the need to do something with the free cash is an obvious question because we have it. We put that slide together where we've tried to box out and include on slide 13 the number of different considerations that we will consider with our free cash. We will touch on a number of them. We'll touch on, I think, the distribution to shareholders with some of it. We'll also allocate the necessary amount to our Marcellus to grow every opportunity that we get but, again, it doesn't take much capital. And you could see by maintaining 3.7 Bcf flat for 25 years, we don't get much over $500 million, $600 million. So, the free cash is there. We could do all these things that we're talking about. One of the ideas that every company that is in our space, the E&P space  every company out there, and you can look at the hierarchy of valuations and those that you, in your portfolio, you recognize as companies that have significant value and have the opportunity to grow, you give them better multiples and more consideration and valuations and future valuations than you do those that do not grow. Again, we're not in the business to burn capital. We thought we could make a entry into new areas, take a cost-effective look at our opportunity to find new return projects that compete with or exceed what we're allocating capital to right now. And if we are successful in that endeavor, I think Cabot shareholders are going to be rewarded handsomely for the decision.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That's really helpful. And there's also, I mean, as you mentioned, a lot of focus on free cash. Wondering if you would expect to be free cash positive in 2018 in a material way after considering the pipeline contributions, increased Marcellus activity, core growth in the second half. Or is 2019 really the inflection point for free cash where you get a full year's benefit of production and lower both pipeline and growth CapEx?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: I'll turn it to Scott for some, a little color. But the short answer is yes, we'll be free cash flow positive in 2018.
Scott C. Schroeder - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hi. And Philip, that is correct. And the magnitude at least right now with current strip pricing, it will be in the same zip code or fairway as what we're expecting around the $250 million, slightly more than the $250 million, even with the expanded program in 2018. So, if you think $250 million to $300 million is material, then the answer is a very definitive yes.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Great. And then last question just in the new slide deck, you point out that Northeast PA indices have been trading at a slight discount to Dom South. I was curious if you have a view on whether this narrowing of price differentials between the two areas is sustainable as you look at pipeline capacity, expected to come on in the next year or two in both Southwest PA, Northeast PA. And if so, is hedging Dom South an option that you guys would consider in the future?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. I'll make a quick comment, Phillip, but yes, we're extremely positive about the direction of the differentials, what we're seeing right now in the narrowing has taken place. We gave some brief reasons in the teleconference talk about the reasons why we think that phenomenon has taken place. And yes, we do think it is sustainable. And I think as the build-out occurs, I think we're going to see a better hedge market further out, but I'll let Jeff comment on some color.
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah, Phillip. I'm probably even the most optimistic in the group. Not only do I think it's sustainable, I think it's encouraging how the market has reacted to the initial onslaught of overbuilt infrastructure in the Southwest part of the play. To me, the best is yet to come on the  with the local demand. Back to your original question, with the local demand in Northeast PA picking up, I mean, who would have thought even a year ago that we'd be supplying two major power generation facilities in mid-2018. So, we're really optimistic that a lot of flowing gas will reach Atlantic Sunrise as opposed to a lot of the development gas throughout the Northeast region, a lot of projects being kicked around on gas-to-liquids, on methanol to gasoline, the CNG with moving around the different utilities up there. So, very optimistic on the basis and how the optionality is going to be improved with all of the infrastructure.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thanks a lot.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Meade from Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Good morning, Dan, and to the rest of your team there.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hi.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: I apologize if I missed this in your prepared comments but did you give us a sense of the timeline for when you'd be able to give a verdict one way or another on these two exploratory areas?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: No, Charles. I hadn't given any timeline. But it is in our capital budget that we put out that we would be testing both of these ideas in 2017.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it. And so, is it the right interpretation then, Dan, that you will be able to give a thumbs up or thumbs down in 2017?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: I think it's plausible that we'll have a lot of data that would give the likelihood that we could.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you. And then if I could ask a question about your appetite to add in the Eagle Ford, it sounds like the way you describe your exploratory plays, that the Eagle Ford doesn't really fit as one of those because it's not greenfield leasing. But there seems like there's a lot of acreage that's coming up trading hands now. And how does that stack up in your capital allocation evaluation?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. A couple of ways. One, our Eagle Ford has improved as you've seen with the deck we just went through, our efficiency, our cost of business, cost of operations, the return that we are able to deliver and the strip pricing that we have out there right now. We're getting good returns in our Eagle Ford operation. Now, those returns do not compete with our Marcellus operation. So, what our objective in looking out ahead is not only did we evaluate some of the acreage in the Eagle Ford when we assessed where we might be allocating additional capital. But in the areas that we have gone to, we felt comfortable that we would be able to maybe even enhance our return profile in these new areas above what we are seeing in the Eagle Ford. And if, in fact, that is the case, we are going to certainly be pleased with those results. When you look at the other assets that are in the Eagle Ford, that might be in play out there, you have to burden some of that with the full-cycle consideration that we have talked about in other basins where there was a lot of activity. And when you stack that on top, again, you have to measure the full-cycle returns to see if it's what we want on a go-forward basis or do we keep looking someplace else.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Co. LLC: That's helpful color. Thanks, Dan.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thank you, Charles.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning, and congratulations on all the fine results.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thank you, Jeffrey.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I wanted to ask a little bit different questions about the exploratory tests, if I could. I just want to kind of get an idea of what you're going to do, not trying to ferret out locations and whatnot. I was just wondering, are you going to shoot any seismic prior to drilling? Is there an existing well control in the plays that you're in? And will the first test be vertical or horizontal wells?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. On all of that, we have seismic. We do plan on shooting additional seismic. We have control points, subsurface control points that we've incorporated into our interpretation. And the initial process would involve a combination of both verticals to gather core data. And then probably a short lateral to evaluate the section a little bit more thoroughly. So, yeah, and all of that is included within our capital program.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. Appreciate it. Your Eagle Ford results, I thought, actually, I mean, it has significantly improved. I was wondering, you've listed three variables  25% more sand, 58% reduced cluster spacing, and intra-stage diversion where you weren't doing that before. I was just curious, are any one of these variables any more important than the other or is it just sort of a fairly even and cumulative effect?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: I'm going to turn it to Steve Lindeman who runs our Eagle Ford operations. But there is a cumulative impact, but I'll let him articulate.
Steven W. Lindeman - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. I agree with Dan's comment. It's cumulative in our opinion. We're studying each one of those components. Obviously, as we see sand costs increase in the area, we're looking at what gives us the biggest bank for the buck. And so, we're dissecting all of those components so that we spend the completion dollars as efficiently as possible.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And if I could just ask one more on that point. So far, how much is the increased completion design increase the completed cost of the wells?
Steven W. Lindeman - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: So far, it has been very nominal for us. Roughly, I don't want to get too granular, let's see, maybe less than $400,000 or so a well. As we go into the latter half of the year, we do and we have budgeted for an increased sand cost and that's where we're going to be further analyzing each one of these components.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Right. Understood. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Jeffrey.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hi, David.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just curious on the Marcellus completions now. Have you seen early data for outperformance relative to curve? And then I guess even with the Gen 4 curve, has the choke management philosophy changed at all over the last year or so with the new completions relative to your prior design?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: We are  well, from the last year, not really. We do kind of bring these things on slow. We are able to turn them in line fairly soon after initial completion and we do manage it, but it's not like you might think if it was a high over-pressured reservoir choke management, but we do manage it. And we've been doing that though for over a year.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then the last one for me, I think other people have asked plenty of questions, you've given good color on the exploration initiatives. But you mentioned also earlier that you were evaluating a lot of different opportunities including being in data rooms for valuation markers. And I guess, is it fair to say that for most bolt-on deals or deals that you were in data rooms for some larger packages out there that the full-cycle returns would have been sort of prohibitive to pursue that relative to some of the other assets that you have and that maybe the best course of action was to do more greenfield activity right now?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Absolutely. Yeah. When we first began well over a year ago, couple years ago, actually, and as the M&A market intensified and the number of deals increased, we were very proactive in trying to understand valuations and understand the dollars that were going into these projects and wanted to evaluate the full-cycle returns. So, we did gather a significant amount of data to look at that, but we had to approach this in a little bit of a unique way because we did have and do have a company that has really good assets. We were growing this company and anticipate further growth, certainly, once the infrastructure gets in place. We were generating free cash even in the most punitive price realization environments that we have seen in years. So, we didn't want to mess that aspect of what we can deliver to shareholders up and confuse the market on whether or not the investment of that any free cash going into another area for a large M&A transaction, what it would do to a full-cycle return profile once you melt it altogether. And we made the decision, actually fairly early on that, that did not return, again, full-cycle the values to the shareholder that we wanted to see. So, we began, continued in earnest, to look for ideas that we thought we could create as a grassroots effort and that's where we have gone.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Appreciate it all.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: And I'm pleased with a couple things. One, I'm pleased with, one, being able to find ideas in this competitive environment that would fit that portion of our evaluation. And again, with a company of Cabot's size, I'm also pleased that we're going to be able to get to the scale that we need to be able to move forward on these projects also.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Dan. And then just the last housekeeping one for me, the $60-some-million or $66 million spent in 1Q on these initiatives, does that largely reflect the cost of entry? Or I guess should we see that coming through  I guess if I was to split up the budget in half, is the remainder of it just for more well specific and planning evaluation-type work or is there still some entry costs coming in in the second quarter?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: The $66 million in the first quarter covers a large percentage of the lease acq [acquisition]. A very large percentage of the lease acquisition. We'll have a little bit more on top of that, but we feel very comfortable that the remaining amount, i.e. the $125 million total budgeted for this effort is going to be adequate to not only cover all of our anticipated lease acq, but also cover the testing phase.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks, Dan, and best of luck.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Hello, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: You mentioned in one of your slides that you're still exploring other outlets for Marcellus gas and I wondered if you could give us an update on how that's looking beyond the projects that you've talked about that are going to be hitting the books in the next couple years? What some of those other outlets are and how significant they could be?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Brian. I will turn it over to Jeff.
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah, Brian. Thanks for the question. I think earlier, I touched on a few initiatives that we're looking at particularly local demand in the region that we operate. The projects that we're looking at are in a somewhat smaller scale attached to our gathering system. There's a lot of ideas floating around the CNG aspect, moving CNG gas to different markets. Also the small peaking power plants, we've added a couple of those just up here in the last few months. We're looking at several larger scale projects with ethanol developers and methane, the gasoline projects. We're also looking at additional market share and teaming up partnership with market on a couple projects. We have not ruled out another pipeline although pipelines are challenging in this environment but we're continuing down that path with, again, a couple of markets. I think the PennEast project is going to allow for some additional development that we're, I would say, in the midst of finalizing negotiations on additional market share there. So, it's exciting up there. There's still a lot going on, a lot of moving pieces and I still expect the landscape to be quite different a year from now in a positive way than even where we sit today.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you. And one quick one and I apologize if you said this earlier. But with regards to the exploratory areas, can you say whether you are looking for or whether your expectations are for oil, dry gas or liquids-rich gas?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. What I had indicated, Brian, was that our focus again, one, two, and three was just on a return, that we were indifferent on the commodity. At this stage, it's looking at, like, that our focus is going to be oil at this time though, where these ideas have floated to the top.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Okay. Our next question comes from Karl Chalabala. Please go ahead.
Karl J. Chalabala - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, gentlemen.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Good morning, Karl. How are you?
Karl J. Chalabala - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'm well. Thank you. There's a view that NIPA growth is somewhat finite near term until these capacity expansions come on line but the guidance raise would indicate production, including Cabot's, can grow prior to that and local pricing likely remains supportive given the current bound storage levels and then, of course, the evacuation on the horizon. Could you sort of discuss what this in-basin market share looks like, Cabot's market share potential near-term particularly next winter? And then how the company is thinking about potentially capturing local market share growth above FTE capacity when the basin debottlenecks?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah, I will  we do have a slide out there that has  I'm thinking we had a slide in one of our presentations that had the market share and our percentage contribution to each indices, but I'll let Jeff handle the other question.
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Okay. So, it really follows along what we've talked about here on this call and a few areas on the local band (47:37). We've got a very active program on market development up there. We've explored a lot of opportunities. We continue to think that having dependable, reliable reserves and the optionality that we have with our infrastructure up there, our gathering infrastructure, gives us a lot of advantages in moving gas to different markets and during different time periods. We went through a number of expansions on the gathering system with our partnership now with Williams and we've really created a unique opportunity for Cabot in allowing our gas to have access to multiple markets even on a daily basis. We've tested this concept. We're able to move gas between pipes to take advantage of pricing but also just to take advantage of capturing market share when a pipeline goes underutilized. We do expect though longer term and even as we enter early 2018 to mid-2018, as our power plants get ready for service and the Atlantic Sunrise project and even further out a little bit, PennEast, we expect to see a lot of flowing gas that's currently on our three major pipelines to fill the capacity that some producer-shippers and market shippers have purchased on these new projects. We think that's going to free up some capacity in the existing pipeline infrastructure and we'll be able to grow some market share, particularly on the pipes that we do business with our customers on a daily basis. So, I guess we're teeing it up to take advantage of what we've participated in, in terms of commitments of FTE and the power generators. But we also think there's a unique opportunity to grow our market share based on what we see on the activity level with our peers and how we perceive the basins, fulfilling the new capacity in the next 18 to 24 months.
Karl J. Chalabala - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thank you. That's very helpful color. And then I guess sort of subsequent to that, if you could discuss your  obviously, this production growth this year, the rates, just getting done with the one rig, one completion crew plan. Can you sort of discuss how the company plans to add either rigs or more completion crews into and through early 2018 as Sunrise and the rest of the power, Orion, and other projects come on line?
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Yeah. We do plan in 2018 that we'll most likely just be adding a rig and a frac rig. That's all that's going to be necessary to grow into the new capacity. And then the 2018 program, when you look at outside of the Marcellus, the 2018 program is going to take in consideration not only where we are with our Eagle Ford. And again, the gaining efficiencies in return that we see there, but it will certainly be augmented with new data coming from our couple of areas of testing that we're going to do during 2017.
Karl J. Chalabala - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Thank you, guys. That's all I have for today.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Thanks, Carl.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Chairman, President and CEO, Mr. Dan Dinges, for closing remarks.
Dan O. Dinges - Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.: Well, again, thank you, Phil, and thank you, all, for taking the time for the call. When you look at Cabot, you look at the efficiency of our operation, generating significant free cash, you look at the improving macro environment, you look at the new infrastructure that's coming and now, you layer on top a low cost entry into evaluating a couple of ideas that could mean significant value for our shareholders. I know all of our team is very excited about what we have out in front of us. So, stay tuned. Look forward to visiting with you next July. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co. Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co. John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co. Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co. Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.
Analysts: Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Jeff L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Joseph Allman - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Cimarex Energy Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Karen Acierno, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co.: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Cimarex fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. In addition to earnings, in a separate release yesterday afternoon, we put out our 2017 capital plans and production and expense guidance for the year. An updated presentation was also posted to our website yesterday afternoon. We will be referring to this presentation during our call today. As a reminder, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K and other filings and news releases for the risk factors associated with our business. Prepared remarks will begin with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden; followed by an update on our drilling activities and results from John Lambuth, Senior VP of Exploration; and then Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on our operations, including production and well costs. Cimarex's CFO, Mark Burford, is also present to help answer any questions. So that we can accommodate more of your questions during the hour we have allotted for the call, we'd like to ask that you limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. And then of course feel free to get back in the queue if you like. So with that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you, Karen, and thanks to everyone who is participating in today's conference. As always, we sincerely appreciate your interest and look forward to your questions during the Q&A portion of the call. On the call today, John will give a rundown of our recent results and some of the delineation that we have underway in 2017. Joe will provide an operational overview, including the tremendous progress we're making on field optimization. I'd like to kick off the call with some overview remarks on our 2016 results, as well as our outlook for 2017 and beyond. Cimarex had a very good year in 2016. It was to say the least an interesting year. It's hard to believe that NYMEX oil prices one year ago today closed at $29 per barrel. We had three stated goals for 2016; preserve our assets, preserve our organization, and preserve our balance sheet. Today, Cimarex stands in the best position we have ever been in. Our cash flow is strong and improving, our assets are delivering outstanding results and plentiful future opportunity, and our organization is intact and forging ahead. Our investment program generated historically good returns in 2016. As we look to the future, we see a landscape in which Cimarex is able to sustainably live within cash flow, generate top-tier returns and consistently grow at a healthy rate. Now as always, our focus is on capital efficiency and full cycle return on investment. When faced with the choice between superior returns and quick production hits, we will opt for the superior investment returns always. In 2016, Cimarex added reserves have replaced 128% of the company's production. Although, our total proved reserves remained relatively flat from year-end 2015 levels, a quick look under the hood explains this. Proved developed reserves increased 5% year-over-year, and our PUD volumes decreased 17%. We ended 2016 with 21% PUDs, down from 25% PUDs at year-end 2015. Although the complexion and nature of our undeveloped assets did not change, we chose to adopt a less aggressive stance on PUDs due to the difficulties of managing around the SEC five-year development rule for PUD reserves. On the financial front, the fourth quarter was the first quarter in two years with both GAAP and non-GAAP adjusted earnings for the quarter. This was a reflection of the increase in commodity prices and our first quarter in seven quarters without a ceiling test write-down. Production was 960 million cubic feet equivalent per day for the fourth quarter and 963 million cubic feet equivalent per day for the full year, which was within our guidance. Production was down 2% year-over-year, which was a natural consequence of the decrease in drilling activity. As I said a moment ago, we enter 2017 with renewed optimism and confidence that should oil remain in the $40 to $60 per barrel range, Cimarex will consistently generate attractive returns and solid growth. In 2017, at the midpoint of our guidance, we expect to grow our overall company production 13%, which will be led by a 25% increase in oil volumes. Furthermore, we project our Q4 2017 oil volumes to increase 30% to 35% over Q4 2016 oil volumes. The capital program we announced yesterday will have significant carryover into 2018 and provide a springboard into 2018 and beyond. We made significant progress on several technical fronts in 2016. In the Delaware Basin, our Sunny's Halo and Gato del Sol pilots performed remarkably well. They confirmed eight wells per section in the Wolfcamp A zone of Culberson County. We have a follow-on test underway that will test even tighter well spacing. In the Anadarko Basin, we had encouraging results from Woodford spacing as tight as 12 wells per section and we're underway testing tighter well spacing. We continued our rapid fire pace of completion innovations, delivering better and better wells and a deeper understanding of the downhole processes that govern our stimulations. As with almost all innovation, the trajectory is not always upward. Our teams are hard at work tearing into some of the mysteries and remaining challenges. John will provide detail on some of these important pilots and individual wells in his remarks, and will give you a flavor of how our capital will be invested in 2017. 2017 exploration and development capital is estimated to be between $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, up 56% from 2016 levels. Of that, about 76% or $850 million to $900 million will be spent drilling and completing wells. This drilling and completion capital tilts toward the Delaware Basin, with 66% of our total drilling and completion capital earmarked for the Delaware. At strip prices, this capital program is funded with cash flow from operations. We have cash on the balance sheet to fill in the gaps or to expand our program further should we decide. We continue to emphasize our core strengths of idea generation and innovation. In 2017, the challenge to our organization is to do it again. With that, I'll turn the call over to John to provide further color on our program.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thanks, Tom. I'll start with a quick recap of our drilling activity before getting into some of the specifics of our latest results and more color on our upcoming 2017 plans. During the fourth quarter, Cimarex invested $246 million on exploration and development, bringing the total to $735 million for the year. About 59% of our 2016 capital was invested in the Permian region, with the rest going to our activities in the Mid-Continent region. Companywide, we brought 55 gross, 25 net wells on production during the fourth quarter, bringing the total to 153 gross, 61 net wells for the year. We increased our operated rig count from five in the third quarter to 11 currently running. These rigs are busy working to hold acreage in both the Wolfcamp and Meramec as well as drilling multi-well pads to further test spacing the completions in both regions. Three of the 11 are currently drilling an increased density spacing, down spacing pilot in the Woodford. I'll go into more detail on that later. Permian region is first up regarding drilling results, where we have initial results to share with you on our spacing pilot in the Upper Wolfcamp in Culberson County. This pilot located on the Sunny's Halo, Gato del Sol sections was drilled using 7,500-foot laterals that were completed using our most recent updated frac design. Slide 17 in our investor presentation gives a summary of the results to-date. As can be seen on the average cumulative production versus days plot, we see very similar results for both the six and eight-well per section spacing pilots. Given this outcome, it is now our plan to test equivalent of 12 wells per section with six new wells spudding in the first quarter of 2017. Earlier this year, we completed the Upper Wolfcamp Kingman 45 State Unit 2H which is located on the Western half of our Culberson acreage. We have now completed another Upper Wolfcamp well in this area, the 10,000-foot Lord Murphy 10 State A 2H well, which had a peak 30-day IP average of 2,207 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 60% was oil. The location of this latest Upper Wolfcamp well can be seen on slide 13. We have plans to drill more Upper Wolfcamp wells in this area of Culberson during 2017. Completion operations were recently finished with early flow back underway on an Upper Wolfcamp well located on our Eddy County White City acreage, which depending upon results, could open up even more acreage for development in this zone. Now, on to the Mid-Continent. You will recall that we began drilling the latest Woodford development project on the east side of the Cana core in the fourth quarter of 2015. This development covers six sections of which Cimarex operates the two westernmost sections. Completion of the wells began in mid-September with all of the Cimarex operated wells now completed and on production. Our partner continues to complete their wells with an expectation that all of these wells will be on production during the second quarter of 2017. We also completed the Leon Gundy wells, our stacked/staggered Meramec-Woodford spacing pilot. These wells were brought on production in October, and we continue to monitor the flow back very carefully. We look forward to discussing results of this pilot in more detail on our next earnings call. Now, I'd like to spend a little time talking about our plans for 2017. Yesterday, we announced an exploration and development budget of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, of which $850 million to $900 million is earmarked for drilling and completing wells. We have a number of exciting projects to pursue in 2017. First, in the Permian region, where we plan to spend two-thirds of our drilling and completion capital in 2017. We entered the year with five rigs in the Permian with plans to add three more by April. The majority of this capital, around $294 million, will be spent on Wolfcamp long lateral wells in Reeves and Culberson County. Some of this drilling will be for new pilots, such as the aforementioned Upper Wolfcamp spacing pilot in Culberson County, as well as an Upper Wolfcamp pilot in Reeves County, which is testing 16 wells per section and a four-well test on what we call the Pagoda section. We also plan to spend capital, around $109 million, drilling Avalon and Wolfcamp wells on our acreage located in Eddy and Lea County, New Mexico. Included in this capital are a couple of increased density pilots in the Avalon that will test the equivalent of 12 and 20 wells per section. As a reminder, we have seen no degradation in well performance with our most recent eight-well per section Avalon pilots. A vast majority of the remaining Permian budget, around $116 million, will go to drilling Bone Spring wells in Texas and New Mexico. We expect to spend about 1/3 of our drilling and completion capital in the Mid-Continent in 2017. This includes about $120 million for drilling Meramec wells to further delineate and hold acreage. This capital, which is comprised mostly of three-rig lines, will HBP the vast majority of our Meramec acreage by the end of 2017. Initial drilling in the Woodford will be an eight-well increased density pilot that is testing both 16 and 20 Woodford wells per section, as diagramed on slide 25 of the presentation. We intend to use our learnings from this pilot to determine spacing as we move forward on the next big Woodford infill, which is scheduled to begin drilling in the fourth quarter. See the map on page 24 for the location of the LeotaJacobs project, which is tentatively planned to cover 13 sections and will be co-developed with our partner. We currently operate six rigs in Anadarko region with plans to add four more in the fourth quarter. As is becoming more and more the case, timing is everything when it comes to the drilling, completion and ultimately the production and cash flow from these multi-well projects. Slide 10 illustrates the timing of completions in 2017, which are pretty evenly distributed throughout the year, but the number of wells expected to be drilling or waiting on completion at year-end 2017, as shown in the bar to the far right, illustrates the momentum we expect going into 2018. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining us on our call today. I'll recap our fourth quarter production results, discuss our 2017 production outlook, and then finish up with a few comments as usual on LOE and service costs. Our fourth quarter net equivalent production came in about as expected with our reported volume of 960 million a day, up 1.4% from our Q3 reported average of 947 million a day, and as Tom mentioned, within our guidance range of 945 million a day to 985 million a day. As we projected in our last call, our late Q3 and Q4 completion activity ramped up total company production from our Q3 average of 947 million a day to a December posting of over 1 Bcf equivalent per day. Our fourth quarter net equivalent Permian volume came in at 511.5 million a day, that's down 1% from Q3 2016. But our Q4 Permian oil volumes of 36,253 barrels a day were up 1% from Q3. We brought on 11 gross and eight net Permian wells in the fourth quarter. Five of the eight net wells were in Reeves County in our Upper Wolfcamp play, including the 100% Wood State five, six and seven wells. Our fourth quarter Permian volumes were negatively impacted by approximately 5 million a day as a result of operational issues on our Wood State two, three and four pad. Fishing operations to retrieve stuck coil tubing in the number two well prevented us from bringing the pad on during the fourth quarter. After temporarily suspending fishing operations on the number two well, we initiated production from the three wells in early Q1, with plans to get back on to the number two well and continue fishing operations after our flowing pressures have declined. Our Q4 Mid-Continent net equivalent volume came in at 446 million a day, that's up 4% over our third quarter average of 427 million a day. Q4 higher yield East Cana infill development activity bumped our Mid-Continent oil volume up to 9,205 barrels a day, that's an 8% increase over Q3 2016 and in aggregate it's really driven by the 44 gross and 17 net Mid-Continent wells that we brought on during the quarter. Looking at 2017, we've extensively reworked the preliminary nine-rig production plan that we provided you in the last call. Under current model, we're adding rigs through Q2 and Q4, as John mentioned, we're incorporating tighter spacing projects in both regions, and really shifting our areas of focus. And as a result, our revised model projects total company 2017 net equivalent production average 1.06 Bcfe to 1.11 Bcfe per day with the midpoint increase of 13% over 2016. We've directed more capital to Permian and our higher liquid project areas in the Mid-Continent with a focus on oil. And as a result, we're projecting significant oil growth in both the Permian and the Mid-Continent areas, but forecasted total company year-over-year oil production growth in the range of 22% to 27%. Our projected capital and completion activity is skewed 2/3 to the Permian, 1/3 to the Mid-Continent. We anticipate bringing 60 net Permian wells, and 37 net Mid-Continent wells on production during the year, that's up respectively from the 30 and 31 net wells we completed in the two areas in 2016. We're forecasting a ramp in our rigs beginning in Q2, as John mentioned, from a current total of 11 to a total of 18 by the end of the year with 10 working in the Mid-Continent, and eight in the Permian. And as a result, we're modeling both capital and completion activity to really accelerate in the Q2 and Q3 timeframes. With that, we're projecting a strong Q4 2017 exit rate in the neighborhood of 1.11 Bcfe per day to 1.17 Bcfe per day, that's a 16% to 22% increase over where we were in Q4 2016, and we'll have approximately 47 net wells either drilling or waiting on completion at the end of the year. That well inventory and the nice exit rate we believe are going to give us some very nice tailwind as we head into 2018. For Q1, our revised model projects total company net equivalent production to be in the range of 1.01 Bcfe per day to 1.05 Bcfe per day, that's up 5% to 9% from our Q4 2016 average and 4% to 8% from where we were a year ago in Q1 2016. Jumping over to operating expense, we posted another great quarter with our LOE. Our Q4 lifting cost came in at $0.58 per Mcfe, that's down 5% from our Q3 2016 average of $0.61 per Mcfe and it beat our guidance of $0.60 per Mcfe to $0.70 per Mcfe. With that, our full year lifting cost came in at $0.66 per Mcfe, that's down 20% from the $0.83 per Mcfe that we posted in 2015, and 39% from the dollar rate we reported in 2014. Our production group has worked extremely hard over the last two years to reduce and control our operating cost structure, get it to the levels that they're now and they're dedicated to continuing their efforts to keep the cost in check as we move forward. After we've incorporated our current operating cost structure, the fluctuating nature of our workover expenses and our 2017 drilling focus on liquid rich projects, we're projecting our 2017 lifting cost to be in the range of $0.60 per Mcfe to $0.70 per Mcfe. And finally, a few comments on drilling and completion costs. With the exception of a slight increase in the cost of tubulars, we continue to see drilling cost components remain relatively in check. That said, we've begun to see upward pressure on our completion costs, primarily in the service costs to pump our frac operations, but also in the cost for wireline operations and 100 mesh sand, where we've seen just slight increases as well. In general, the cost components for our completion operations really hit a low for us in Q3 2016 and are currently at levels that we saw in the Q1 2016, Q2 2016 time periods. As a result and depending on the program in frac design as is always the case, we've seen our go-forward completion at these increased 4% to 15% from our Q4 2016 levels. With that, we continue to focus on efficiencies on the drilling side by reducing our days to rig release. In Cana, as an example, our days to TD in 2015 were at 30 days. We've got that number down to 24 days in 2016 and on the completion side by optimizing completion design, water sourcing and pumping operations. As a result of our efficiency gains, our current total well cost AFEs have not changed dramatically from the estimate that we provided to you last quarter. In the Permian, we've raised the upper end of our current Bone Spring 1-mile lateral AFE with a range $4.7 million to $5.5 million. Likewise, in the Wolfcamp, we've also raised the upper cost stand of our large completion 2-mile lateral Culberson Wolfcamp AFE with a range of $10.2 million to $11.4 million. That's down 4% from the $10.8 million to $11.6 million that we saw in Q4 2015. In Cana, our current drilling AFEs are down 9% to 10% with lower day rates resulting from our long-term rig contract rolling off, which helped to offset the 15% completion cost increase we've seen on our larger fracs. And with us hitting the low end of our previous cost guidance before the completion cost increases, we've opted to keep our 1-mile lateral Woodford total well cost estimate in the range of $7.1 million to $7.5 million, that's still down from late 2014 by 10%. And similar to our Woodford AFEs as we continue to experiment with frac design, we're still quoting our current 2-mile lateral Meramec AFEs in the range of $10.5 million to $12 million, again with frac design being the largest cost variable in the total well cost. So in closing, with a ramp in production in Q4 2016, we're off to a great start here in 2017. We've stepped up our activity, put together a diversified 2017 drilling program that's focused on oil. We're projecting a nice ramp in production to springboard us into 2018. Our cost structure remains healthy and strong and our overall program continues to generate positive results. We're very excited about 2017. So with that, we'll turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question will come from Neal Dingmann of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Morning, guys. Tom, for you or the guys, was wondering how  I'm looking at specifically slide 20 where you outline your Mid-Continent overview and you talk about sort of the Meramec play outline and the Woodford play outline. Two questions there. You have a bit of acreage that we've heard a lot of chatter recently on the northwest part up in Blaine, Dewey  might be outside of that. And just wondering what you thought about acreage a little bit further northwest, and how that compares to where you've got sort of the deem, (25:32) that Meramec play outline and the Woodford play outline?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I'll kick it off and turn it over to John. As we see that Northwest extension, it's really being opened up with empirical results. There are a couple of wells that we're watching carefully. As with much of that section, and I'm  people talk about, everybody has a different word for it, but I'll just say that Mississippian section, that's Osage, Meramec and then even the Chester above it. It's not always obvious on wireline logs exactly what will produce at what rate, and what the optimum target zone is. And so we're very interested in that northwest piece. We map it as having a fair amount of variability. We don't see it as perhaps having the regional extent that we would assign to the Meramec, but we're watching well results and I'll let John comment on that.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: The only thing I'd add, I think Tom summarized it pretty well, is simply, we are learning a lot with every well out there from an empirical standpoint, because there's still a lot we don't understand, so it is interesting. We have noticed a couple of those wells up there that a certain company announced. And we've looked at our maps and we kind of recalibrate our maps at that point, we say okay, that's a different expectation than maybe what we may have originally had. But that  I got to be honest, that's been kind of true for this entire Meramec play from the very beginning. And so there will be some surprises to the positive as well as to the negative as we go along here, and we continue to monitor it very closely.
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great details. And then just one follow-up, John, for you or Tom. On slide 11, where you show the pounds of sand per lateral foot in your various plays. I think myself and others consider you all certainly the pioneers of a lot of these enhanced completions. My question is, it looks like from July 2016 to January 2017, you didn't really step up the sand, and I'm wondering your thoughts. Have we hit diminishing returns in some of these areas, and you're comfortable with that new, or is this just sort of something temporary on that?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes, this is John. I guess I'll give you my standard reply. First is, I rarely ever track pounds per sand myself, that's something I know from the investment public that they like to see. We focus all our energy in our meetings more on the pounds and fluid we pump per cluster, which is the entry point into the rock. That's where we spend all our talk, and that's where we concentrate. And yes, we're focusing a lot in terms of those entry points and how much sand and fluid do we need in terms of the best stimulation, especially from a development standpoint. Now, out of that comes a pound per sand calculation and so far, yes, it's remained static, but I don't know that that's necessarily going to be true going forward. All I know is right now we really are focusing on that individual cluster, and how well is it simulating a rock and I think that focus then has led us to gain more confidence in what we talk about today in terms of the tighter spacing pilots we're about to embark on, because I think we're understanding better what rock we are stimulating along that lateral and thus giving us confidence to go even tighter, where in the past we never thought we would be there.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. I want to just follow up on that. We're really analyzing down to the minute detail the efficacy of our completions. And our understanding really rocketed ahead in 2016, and we're continuing to do some very interesting experiments that are gaining a clearer and clearer understanding. We may find that we go to lower pounds per foot and yet we think we're more effectively stimulating the rock. This has tremendous implications to our spacing. It has tremendous implications to our cost structure. We are learning some things that may allow us to be much more effective in how we stimulate these rocks and that will be a way we can perhaps compensate for what Joe talked about with our increased simulation cost. So, that pounds per foot is a pretty fuzzy look at what is a lot of detail.
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great granularity, guys. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Morning, Jason.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Tom, I just wanted to come back to the updated guidance. At the high end of the capital program by our numbers, I think you will be spending just a little bit of your cash at strip prices. I think in the past, you've talked about potentially spending that cash over two years. Just want to get your updated thought process now on that cash balance, just in terms of spending it, keeping on the balance sheet or maybe even M&A.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I will be very clear on that. It's an easy question to answer. That cash is there to be deployed. Now, the nature of our assets are such that in increasing our capital, it's really a fairly complex planning process. If we're going to add three rigs here or three rigs there, we really want to deploy those rigs where they count for us. And so we're still trying to deploy where we learn some things and we're really trying to not be wasteful with our assets over the long-term. And anybody who works at Cimarex can tell you that we have really, really beat on one another to make sure that we've developed these assets with the full development in mind. We don't want to be wasteful. And so it takes some planning. Now, when we first started, we made a decision in November that you know, we really thought we had the wherewithal, we had the returns, and we had the interest to step it up a little bit above and beyond what we discussed in our last call. Well, this morning, Mark and I reviewed a model that we put together in late November, where we had capital, approximately what we announced yesterday, and yet it showed us burning through our cash on hand over the next 18 months to 24 months. And what's happened in the interim is our cash flow is up. And so, when we made the decision to increase our capital, we thought we were going to be deploying a fairly significant amount of our cash on hand. And turns out, because the quality of our assets and the commodity moving up a little bit, our cash flow's really, really recovering nicely. So, I said in my remarks, we had a wherewithal to do yet more and we'll be studying as the year goes on, but that cash on the balance sheet is kind of moving target and it's being kind of preserved by a very healthy increase in cash flow. Now, you also mentioned M&A. We're always in the hunt for good opportunities, but the hurdle is high. It's going to have to compete with the other internal investment opportunities that we have for that cash flow. We are exploring, John's going to want to spend a little money on land this year and we really salute that, but it's a moving target.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for the color on that, Tom. My second question is maybe a little bit different direction. Crude in Culberson is higher  typically higher API it has to take some deducts and may have some transport issues. So, just given the growth in this area from both Cimarex and your peers, especially as you focus on them, the more oily Upper Wolfcamp, do you see any issues on this front, I mean I guess how are you guys and the industry set up to cope with it?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is Joe. I can answer that. In Culberson, we've put together an arrangement with Plains to truck and haul our oil out of the basin. We typically have not had issues with regard to the gravities that we're producing out of the basin. We've got about, I want to think, 70-some odd percent on pipe. I got that number right here in Culberson. Culberson is 70% on pipe. Takeaway has not been an issue with the announcement of the three larger pipes out of the basin. We also feel that won't be an issue downstream and our contracts are such that we are able to sell the high gravity and control the RVP on the crude.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Joe. Thanks, everyone.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: We've not had an issue there.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Morning, Drew.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I was hoping you could talk as a follow-up just to Jason's question about the spending appetite. If that cash balance weren't there, Tom, if you could speak to the appetite to outspend cash flow, the willingness to outspend cash flow, assuming the returns are there? If that's kind of a outspend the (34:55) cash flow plan going forward, assuming, let's say  assuming we didn't have the cash balance or whether there is some other considerations in mind?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, we grow with our return on investment and we can do the math on borrowing money at 4% and investing it at many, many multiples of that, it makes good financial sense. So, we're willing to borrow to fund our drilling program. That said, one of our goals continues to be preserving our balance sheet and we probably have a little more conservative view on where we want our balance sheet to be than many out there. We've been asked from time to time what our debt tolerance is and we've said that we would like to see debt at or below 1.5 times EBITDA. Now, it's above that today, because our EBITDA fell. We didn't borrow any money over the last couple of years. But we see that returning to very nice cushion on that. But on an ongoing basis, we're very willing to continue to borrow. We look at our overall debt metrics and want to maintain a debt level at or below our comfort zone, but that's what our balance sheet is for.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for that, Tom. And can we just touch on the new concepts, you guys mentioned new place. Can you give any color at all as far as what are your preferences, things like over-pressured reservoirs or blanket formations or anything like that?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, this is John. I guess my preference is those things that will lead to good rate returns that will compete with what we currently have, that's one of the criteria when we look at these new opportunities. That's a hard measure, when you're early on in a concept, but that is something we do look at. Outside of that, it's about rate of return. And so, no, I could tell you we're making investments on a number of fronts on opportunities that are very oily and maybe even a little bit lower pressure, but also are there more dry gas and high pressure, it's about the return. And more importantly, it's also about that initial entry cost to get to that opportunity. We look at that carefully as well as the timing. I mean, we have enough experience now with these new play developments that the timing becomes very critical in our decision, whether we want to embark on a new opportunity, because if you're looking at something with a really short cycle time on your leasing, it takes a lot of capital upfront. It just and again has to fit within everything we're trying to get done. So what I can say is, our organization has responded to the challenge that literally we laid down last year that we want more opportunities, more exploration, and quite frankly, we probably have more than we can fund right now.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes, Drew, I am very clear with John on what I am looking for. I want opportunities that offer outstanding returns, little risk with very cheap entry cost, and that seems reasonable to me to ask for that.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: And take away from...
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. Yes, and would take away.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I think we all are. So, if you happened to have find the Holy Grail, would you be open to I guess what somebody will call cutting the tails and selling off some of your inventory you wouldn't get to for 20 years?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, we would. What I tell our organization is, our assets today don't look anything like they did five years ago or six years ago. And we will continue to evolve, and I am very willing for our assets five years or six years from now look totally unlike they do today. We just want the best returns we can find. And I really want to emphasize the point John made, this has been a theme that we really  as 2016 began to feel a little better, this is the theme we really have had throughout our organization, let's get back to generating new ideas, that's what we do best. And the organization has responded just remarkably well, making it very difficult for us to not stretch that balance sheet to fund some things. So, but in answer to your question, we are totally willing for Cimarex to evolve over the ages.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color, everyone.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeanine Wai of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi, Jeanine.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Good morning.
Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Getting back to Jason's question on the outlook, I'm just wondering if you can walk us through how you frame the activity this time around, give some interesting color that you'd reviewed your old plan that you  one of your old scenario plans that you provided back in November? And just for example, was your plan this time around anchored and whatever level you felt comfortable in a downside price scenario or was it more project-based and driven by what you saw you can get done in an efficient manner? I think you stressed before that. There is a lot to do, but it's very complex.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I'll take a stab at that. This is John. I think from November, when we had that initial look, we've had a lot of good outcomes throughout the regions, I would point out in Anadarko. I think some of that initial plan that we had in place had us going to drill I believe some longer lateral dryer gas Woodford wells, which even today have a nice return. But now we have some really nice results in the more updip, both Meramec and Woodford part of our play. And those areas tend to be oilier and they just look that much better from a rate of return standpoint that we'd rather move the capital over to there. I will tell you that those type of wells don't tend to come on at quite the same high rate as those downdip gas wells do, but they are flatter in their profile. In the end, our decision is based more on, it's just a better rate of return, and that's why a lot of that capital moved from there to where we previously had it back in November. The other thing I'll comment on is like within the Permian, it's fair to say that there was a lot of thought that we'd go maybe more toward development on somebody's banks and yet based on the spacing pilots, we actually feel like we need to go even tighter with these pilots. And it is fair to say because we are going tighter and I think Joe alluded to that. That introduced as a little bit more risk on the guidance and a little bit more on the timing side, because we are doing those pilots and so that changed the overall nature of that program. But for the betterment, we think that's the right thing to do for the long-term for this company.
Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, great. That's really helpful. And then, my follow-up is just in terms of you mentioned timing a couple of times already. What does the timing of the rig ramp-up to the 18 rigs depend on and what situations would that ramp be faster or slower?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, we currently are 11 rigs and we plan on bringing three additional rigs into the Permian here within the next month.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: They'll all be here by April. I mean, we have contracted and those three rigs will be here.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Okay. And then we have in the Anadarko we plan of bringing additional rigs in, four rigs that will come into the fall.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes, those four rigs really it depends on us and our partner come in to a good understanding on how we move forward with that large development project there in that East Cana, the long lateral development. Right now we have that placeholder in place for those rigs coming in, but we still got a little bit of work to do, but that's what our current plans call for.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. We could increase beyond that. But I think you asked what are the signals. We've talked for the last 18 months about that $40 oil floor, being what we were kind of looking for, and I think we're fairly confident as we look ahead. We stress test all of our investments down to a $40 and even a $30 oil case. And we have a lot of cushion in our returns certainly at that $40 downside and depending on the project many of them look very healthy at that $30 downside and that's in our presentation, those are real and now we have results to back that up. So we're feeling fairly confident in an increase in capital program as we look ahead.
Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you for taking my call.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeff L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I just wanted a few. First of all, could you just kind of help me pull together these variables that are going on in the Cana infill program? Your partner talked about type curve outperformance and some 5,000-foot laterals which they had completed in an adjacent project. Slide 26 illustrated larger completions in infilling. I'm wondering is one variable I think more important than the other. Do you see the push for longer laterals in the Cana, kind of the go-forward method? Just any color you can give me there would be helpful.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. This is John. Well, first off, I think both us and our partner very much recognize that on a go-forward basis from a development standpoint, long laterals is where we want to be in the Cana-Woodford. They actually have four long laterals on the current development that they're fracking that, we're all paying close attention to, but we have high expectations for. And so, I would say that the first thing that we'll really lever greater rate of returns for that development is indeed going to longer laterals, which is what our plans currently call for later in this year. But I'll also say, we've been very pleased with this rock and as Tom stated, we got this tightest 12 wells per section and do not feel like we're seeing any degradation in the performance of those wells. And so, that's why we stepped out to do this much tighter spacing product that we're currently drilling, right now. We'd like to get that under our belt and see what that result looks like and then use that to influence what that later long lateral development look like there in the Eastern part of Cana.
Jeff L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And maybe a little simpler one here. Slide 12 mentions Ward County reevaluation, I haven't heard too much discussion about Ward today, I was just wondering if you could add some color on it, what you are looking for there and will it receive any activity in 2017?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. This is John. We have just finished recently completing an Upper Wolfcamp well on Ward County. We have plans for second one there. Some of this is driven by some recent competitor wells that come on in the area. It's also being driven by our frac innovation. I will tell you about two years ago to three years ago, we drilled a number of Ward County wells and that they were underperformers. We now go back and look at those wells and we now realize, A, we probably landed them in the wrong zone and, B, we completely did not frac them appropriately. And so, we're taking another look at that acreage, and that's kind of where we find ourselves. Now obviously the proof will be in the results of the wells, but we're encouraged so far with what we've seen from other operators, and that's why we've gone back into that acreage.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. Ward County is a wonderful fairway. The challenge is that a lot of our acreage is sitting where the Third Bone Spring has already been developed with horizontal wells and that Third Bone Spring is really right at that Wolfcamp Bone Spring boundary. So you're coming in right below an existing fracture network and that's what John talked about completion innovations. It's threading the needle and the challenge has been, can you come in underneath those older depleted fractures and make a new modern completion. So, we're very optimistic. We have some things we're trying that are direct consequences of some of our learnings over the last year or two years, and as John said, we're flowing our first well back now.
Jeff L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And if I could just ask a follow-up real quick, just on what you just said. I just want to make sure I understood the problem. Is it more that there may be some concern that there is some reservoir exhaustion because of all the Third Bone Spring development or is this more like, say, in the DJ Basin where there's just a million wellbores all over the place and you've got to kind of sneak around them to not get into trouble or is it a little of both?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: I would argue it's actually neither of the two. We don't have a resource in place issue in terms of how we see it. It's more of the  what we start to observe is the existing fracture network that the Third Bone Spring wells created. And how we can ensure that when we come in with a new borehole in the Upper Wolfcamp that a lot of our frac energy doesn't go right back into that fracture network, essentially that that well fundamentally changed the stress properties of the rock. And so what we look at is how we can tailor our design to kind of stay away from that and maximize what still looks to be a very good resource there in the Wolfcamp. That's kind of what we're trying to as Tom said thread the needle with.
Jeff L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Well, thank you. I appreciate that clarification. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Pearce Hammond of Simmons. Please go ahead.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Hi. Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. There was helpful commentary in the prepared remarks about current well cost, so thank you for that. I just want to clarify, I think you had mentioned a 4% to 15% increase from Q4 and was that just on completion cost?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. This is Joe. That was just for the completion side of the equation. So that would be your water sourcing, fracking, stimulation and initial flow back. And there is a tremendous degree of variability there, because the size of the job, John mentioned some of the experiments we are doing. And your total well cost is obviously, then  completion cost is a function of service cost, your sand cost, your chemical cost, your sourcing cost. So how all those play together, it's hard to come up and just say, hey, here is our increase. What I can tell you is that the service side has been the biggest increase that we've seen. If you look at our service cost per stage as compared to Q3 2016, it might be upwards of 20-plus percent per stage, but we've managed to control other costs through efficiencies of sourcing and what have you. And so it's really just  the range I gave you is kind of where our current AFEs on the completion side are now, taking into account current frac designs and the current cost today.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Great. And then, John, as far as the capital budget for this year is concerned, how much service cost increase is baked into that?
Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes, Pearce, this is Mark Burford. We have a small amount built into the upper end of our range. If you look at our range of $850 million to $950 million on drilling and completion cost, if you looked at our completion cost component for the second half  or last three quarters of the year, and looked at some minor amount of inflation has to be built into the upper end of the range for that capital guidance.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Okay. Great. Thank you. Yeah, go ahead.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is Joe. I might add some too. The previous guidance that we issued in Q3 or the Q3 call, really didn't take into account any of this. And so to some degree, yes, I think it was $600 million that we quoted, that did not account for any completion cost escalations going into 2017.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Prefect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Tameron of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Couple of questions. Just big picture, as I start thinking about potential increase in service costs, or I guess the increase in service costs. And overlaying that, as far as the higher intensity wells relating to frac jobs et cetera. Is there  when you start talking about your costs  or starting to equate where you were in the first part of the year in 2016, how do we think about productivity gains versus  is there any template or any framework you can give me as far as, if service costs go up 30%, then we start having to back off some of the sand because the frac job doesn't make sense anymore. Is there any color along those lines as far as that toggle going forward?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I can take a stab at that. We've had pretty good luxury of being able to innovate with costs on a per unit basis being exceedingly low. One of the numbers we track is what it costs us to pump a pound of sand in a stimulation cost. So take all the cost, water, pressure pumping, sand, chemicals, throw them all together and just what does it cost us to place a pound of sand in the reservoir.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: In 2014, we were at $0.34 per pound of sand. Now, during 2016, we hit a low of $0.106 per pound of sand. So our cost per unit of sand went down two-thirds, and that gave us the tremendous latitude to experiment with tighter and tighter stages, tighter clusters, much more sand, much more fluid, because our cost per unit went down. Now, you asked, how do we view it? I'll tell you exactly how we view it. We view it through a rate of return lens. We look at what's the incremental stimulation dollar and what's the incremental production in cash flow that the well will produce, and is that a good incremental return on that incremental dollar. And that's exactly the lens that will carry us forward in an era of service cost inflation. We will look at probably dialing back a little bit. If service costs inflate above and beyond what we're currently discussing, we will be pressured the other way. We will be pressured to find cheaper and cheaper ways to stimulate our wells, and that's what John and Joe and their groups are doing with the innovations that we're currently working with. We have a toolkit in place that if costs go up, I expect we are going to be able to dial back, keep a pace and not suffer from a well performance or a return standpoint. But the proof will be in the pudding, but our lens will be rate of return and we get asked about this all the time, we're certainly going into it with our eyes wide open and a modest degree of concern  but a modest degree of concern. We will deal with it from a rate of return lens when the time comes.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. So if I think about, let me just ask a follow-up on the rate of return. What I think about how you, I guess you were to rank your assets, if you will, on rate of return, if Wolfcamp Culberson was number one before, or just today versus six months ago, any change as far as how you rank your assets on a rate of return basis?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is John. No, not really, I mean still to this day, these Upper Wolfcamp, Culberson wells are just tremendous wells in terms of the makeup of the hydrocarbon, the amount of oil, and then more importantly the profile. We have shown often how, on a cum timeslot for the first six months these wells would just stay flat, and that just leads to incredible returns but I'll tell you we're awfully excited about a number of our plays like we're going to go back to drilling in the Avalon. We had some tremendous results last year that we talked about in the Avalon and we don't think we've even scratched the surface in terms of frac innovation in the Avalon. That rock has a tremendous amount of resource in place and I think we're just now recognizing that. And then even up, I would just say there are parts of the Meramec that look very good, very, very good from a long lateral, especially long lateral perspective. And then finally, there are parts now of the Woodford and the more liquid rich part where some of the long laterals we'll bring it on testing in are more liquid rich areas that we'd really like to return to, seeing out of that. So, I think our rate of return profile looks very, very attractive for us. But we're always constantly challenged especially with service cost to always try to find ways to make it even better and that's kind of our metric, that's what we do every day here. How can we make it better both from a cost standpoint, but also from a well performance standpoint?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: And this is Joe. I might add that those experiments, if you will, lot easier to take on in a falling cost environment as compared to stable or escalating cost environment, but nonetheless in either case you want to look at the overall economics of design A or B or program A or B, yes.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joe Allman of FBR. Please go ahead.
Joseph Allman - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thank you. Hi, everybody.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi, Joe.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Allman - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: So, I think you answered this somewhat, but I just want to see if there are any other factors. So, in your new guidance, your D&C CapEx is up about 50% and your production is up only about 1%. So, I know you under-spent in the fourth quarter by about $50 million. Could you just go over the factors that caused that fairly big increase in CapEx but relatively small increase in production?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I'll take a stab and then Joe can give little more detail. Certainly the timing of when that capital is spent and the nature of the projects are the biggest coupler between when the production comes. And, Joe, I'll say we had a little angst over this. We looked at it and said will the Street misunderstand this. And I'll tell you that at the end of the day we looked at this and said we could deploy that capital in other areas that gave us quicker production hits and we said no way. These are outstanding returns, the production will come when the production will come. And as you know, we manage and view Cimarex on a longtime horizon to generate full cycle returns for our shareholders. And so, the fact that the production in many cases is pushed at the tail-end of the year into 2018, as John said, in some cases these are projects that have very flat production profiles, but don't have quick hits on production. We made a decision around the return on the invested capital. And that's the only consideration. And so when we look at the timing of the projects when the production hits and also the nature of the projects, some of these are development, it is what it is. Now, from what we telegraphed in November to today we have also redirected a lot of our capital to the Permian because of the outstanding results we're seeing there, we want to take advantage of that. But those are our main considerations. Joe, you want to touch on that?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: I think Tom hit them all on the head. I mentioned earlier, Joe, that the $600 million number we quoted before didn't include any cost escalation. So there is some component of that. We add the rigs into this year's program and they show up Q2 and near the end of the year get a good chunk of our drilling done by the end of the year and all of a sudden what we find is that our capital deployment is middle to the end of the year. Our production coming on is middle to the end of the year. The complexion of the portfolio mix to oil is going to have a little bit different Mcfe per day, add for a given oil well versus if there was a Cana gas well. And when you put it into blender and turn it on, and you get what you get, that's where our number came out, and Tom hit it on the head. It's all about rate of return and that's what we're worried about. And when you look at the plan, springboard into 2018 looks nice. We got a great exit rate, and a heck of a bump in our oil, and so we're pretty excited about the forecast and not too worried about how it looked compared to last quarter.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Joe, I'll just finish with that because I know it's on everybody's mind and I appreciate the question. We also as you know had some delays in our production in 2016, and we  we like to hit our guidance, who wouldn't? We like to issue guidance that's real that we believe and that we're going to achieve. We like it to be stretch goals that pressure us to do our best in getting there. But when we looked at some of the things that bid us in 2016, we risked 2017 fairly aggressively. Now, it is what we think it is, but it's risked in a way that's probably a little more than we've done in the last couple of years.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. This is Joe. The Wood State is a great example of that. Those delays in getting a three-well pad on production impacted Q4 production by 5 million a day. And so the timing risk, we can't control, we don't predict when we're going to have operational issues or any kind of delays in the plan of development.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: So, in a world where everything goes right, there are no hiccups at all, we're probably too conservative, and we wait every day for that world.
Joseph Allman - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: That's very helpful. Just other few quick ones. Your DUC count at year-end 2017 appears to be about 29 based on one of your slides. What was that DUC count at year-end 2016?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes, Joe, we'll have to follow up with you offline on that. I don't have that handy on the year-end picture. Is it in the press release?
Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: We heard 2015?
Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co.: Did you say 2015, Joe.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: 2015.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: He said 2015, yeah, year-end 2015.
Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co.: Sorry.
Joseph Allman - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, John, you mentioned, you focus on pounds per cluster.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes.
Joseph Allman - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And so assuming the trend there has been an increase in the sand per cluster. But I just want to check that, has the cluster, the number of clusters moved up more than the amount of sand or vice versa?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, each play I would tell you, Joe, is a little bit different. But I think it's fair to say that we are deploying far more clusters in a typical borehole than we ever did say a year ago, year-and-a-half ago, and that has been a big change for us where there is a feeling that you couldn't get those clusters too close, but we've kind of broken through that wall and based on our monitoring what we see, we focus a lot both on that sands per cluster, but more importantly, how tight can I put that cluster, because again that's the entry point to that rock, and I would argue  I say often the more entry points, effective entry points I have for that rock, the better chance I have of having a well stimulated rock, so yes. Part of that pounds per foot is really driven by the total number of clusters going up in the sands per lateral.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes, Joe, there is some irony there, because some of our first generation stimulations that may have had 800 foot to a 1,000 foot  a 1,000 pounds per foot, we think we're very ineffectively stimulated. So I think our direct answer to your question would be, we think we are pumping less pounds per cluster today than we were three years ago or four years ago, but we think we're getting better distribution along the borehole and more effectively stimulating the lateral. And that's the challenge, and there are about eight different knobs that lead to that conclusion. And as we said early in the call that pounds per foot number is probably the least effective measure of those knobs.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. Our next question will come from Phillip Jungwirth of BMO. Please go ahead.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thanks, good morning. Your year-end 2017 rig count of 18 rigs, if you were to hold that activity level flat into 2018, would you anticipate outspending cash flow at current strip or given the high quality nature of the asset base strong returns, is there a chance that you could still be within cash flow?
Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. Hi, Phil, this is Mark. If you look out in the 2018 the current at that level of capital spend that would be increasing from 2017 to 2018, but since we right taking these rigs in through the year, our increasing capital would be another 30% to 40% over what we are experiencing in for 2017. At that level of capital we probably would be at the strip of around $55 oil royalty or gas price to using up a bit of that cash into the 2018.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Great. And then...
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: So we couldn't maintain that pace with cash on hand, but we haven't made that decision yet.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Great. And then of 2017 Culberson Wolfcamp program how much is going to be focused on the Upper versus the Lower clearly returns in the Upper are superior. And then over the next couple years, how would you anticipate this mix changing?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well this is John. I don't have that exact number of breakdown. What I'll tell you is, yeah, so far right now the upper areas are looking very strong from the standpoint of return, but I also tell you, we love  like we've seen in the past lower with the Flying Ebony well, we now have the Tim Tams coming on which is taking that, that frac design and we have high expectations for that. We are however in a very fortunate position based on all the drilling we've done to date that yeah, we are going to have that optionality kind of going forward. Most of our acreage now is held that it doesn't force us to have to  as you know in the past, we've always wanted to drill lower first to ensure we hold all rights. So yeah, you could argue going forward, there probably will be a greater mixture for upper and lower, but I don't have that right off the top of my head right now.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Jorden for any closing remarks.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I want to thank everybody for your good questions. This has been a great discussion this morning, and we look forward to delivering strong results throughout 2017, and beyond. Thank you all very, very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-03 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co. Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co. John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co. Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co. Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.
Analysts: Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Jason Smith - Bank of America Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Joseph Allman - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark Hanson - Morningstar, Inc. (Research)
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Cimarex Energy Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants today will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. And please note, this event is being recorded. Now I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Karen Acierno, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co.: Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today's prepared remarks will begin with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden, followed by an update on our drilling activities and results from John Lambuth, EVP of Exploration, and then Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on our operations, including production and well costs. Our CFO, Mark Burford, is also present to help answer any questions. Yesterday afternoon we posted an updated presentation to our website. We may be referring to this presentation during our call today. As a remainder, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K and other filings and news releases for the risk factors associated with our business. So that we can accommodate more of your questions during the hour we have allotted for the call, we'd like to once again ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Feel free to get back in the queue if you like. So with that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you, Karen, and thanks to everyone who's participating in today's conference call. As always, we appreciate your interest and look forward to your questions during the question-and-answer portion of the call. On the call today, John will walk us through our recent results and describe our progress on of the delineation projects that we have underway, and then Joe will follow John with a detailed operational overview. For the first time in a long time, our production came in below guidance. We averaged 947 million cubic feet equivalent per day in the third quarter, slightly below our guidance of 950 million to 980 million cubic feet equivalent per day. We expected the third quarter to represent the low point in our production for the year. However, we face delays in our completion owing in large part to the timing effect of our upside stimulations. We did not properly plan for the significant impact for setting in offset wells during completion operations, nor did we fully account for the 7 million cubic feet equivalent lost to higher ethane rejection. The combined effect of these factors caused us not only to miss on the third quarter, but to bring down the fourth quarter outlook as well. We don't like to miss our forecasts on any of these items, and quite frankly, we need to do better. I think it's worthwhile to put the delay in our production trajectory into context. Cimarex responded swiftly and deliberately to the downdraft in commodity prices that reached its nadir in February of this year. In the fall of 2014, we had 26 operated rigs running. We reached a low in summer of 2016 with four operated rigs. As we ramped our activity in the second half of 2016, a disproportionate amount of our operated and non-operated drilling was on large, multi-pad pilot development projects. This concentration of effort on a handful of large projects put our production ramp at particular risk to timing delays. That said, we offer no excuses. We need to do a better job of risking these potential delays and building them into our forecasts. We've learned the hard way, the wisdom of Yogi Berra, who said "it's tough to make predictions, especially about the future." Our 2016 exploration development capital budget is now $785 million, that's up $35 million from previous estimates. The increase is tied primarily to the activity associated with rig additions this year, and approximately $15 million in seismic and acreage acquisitions we made in third quarter. Even though our production ramp has been delayed into Q1 2017, much of the completion cost associated with this ramp will be incurred in 2016. In yesterday's release, we gave preliminary guidance for 2017. And I want to be clear that this is preliminary. We wanted to give some clarity on what 2017 looks for us, but these numbers for capital, for production, these are baseline numbers. We certainly have tremendous wherewithal to accelerate. We'll enter 2017 with great momentum as the aforementioned deferred completions come roaring back. We currently model total production growth in 2017 to be 9% to 14% year-over-year, with an overweight in oil production embedded in this growth. We also gave guidance on drilling and completion portion of our capital. Based on our current plans, we plan to invest $600 million in those activities next year. $600 million is within our cash flow for 2017 as we currently model it. So again, we think of this as a baseline. We have the ability to add activity as the year unfolds, and in fact, we're currently looking hard at several projects we have on the drawing board. As always, we will give you an updated look at our capital plans in our next call. That will be in February, and that will include our total E&D expenditures as well as our first-quarter 2017 production. By then, I expect to have tremendous clarity and additional projects and what it looks like as we move ahead on that baseline. Enough about production. I want to spend a few minutes talking about what we're really excited about. We continue to push the envelope in completion, optimization and innovation. We are seeing outstanding results that have implications for well spacing and landing zones. In both the Delaware and Anadarko basins, we're planning pilots for 2017 that will test even tighter well spacing. These tests have tremendous implications for the depth and richness of our inventory. We built Cimarex on exploration, and we are hard at work developing new ideas. We have challenged our organization to develop new play concepts and opportunities where the cost of entry is low and real value is created for our shareholders. Our organization has responded accordingly, and we are working on a number of ideas that hopefully will be subjects for future quarterly calls. Idea generation, execution and innovation have always been the heartbeat of Cimarex, and it's what distinguishes us from an outstanding field of competitors. We are playing to our strength as we seek that proprietary edge that lets us slip in ahead of the crowd. We have some of the finest assets and one of the finest organizations in the business. Stay tuned. With that, I'll turn the call over to do John to provide further color on our program.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thanks, Tom. I'll start with a quick recap of our drilling activity in the quarter, before getting into some of the specifics of our latest results and more color on our remaining 2016 plans. Cimarex invested $175 million on exploration and development during the third quarter. About 61% was invested in the Permian region, with the rest going toward activities in the Mid-Continent region. Companywide, we brought 42 gross, 17 net wells on production during the quarter. We had an average of five operated rigs running during the quarter. These rigs were busy working to hold acreage in both the Wolfcamp and Meramec plays. We have recently added three rigs, one in the Anadarko and two in the Delaware Basin, and we have plans to add another rig in Anadarko by year-end. While we work through our completion backlog, we will pick up the pace on our drilling activity as we head into 2017. As planned, during the third quarter we brought the six 7,500-foot long lateral Upper Wolfcamp wells online that comprise our spacing pilot in the Upper Wolfcamp in Culberson County. These completions used about 2,400 pounds of sand per foot, while also incorporating design parameters such as stage spacing, cluster count and cluster spacing from some of our more recent parent-well frac designs. These wells have been flowing back now for just over 90 days, and yet we still have not achieved a peak 30-day average rate. This result is not unexpected, since it usually takes our upper Wolfcamp wells much longer to clean up and reach their peak production rate relative to the Lower Wolfcamp Culberson Wells. The results of this spacing pilot are especially meaningful in light of a recent result to further delineate the Upper Wolfcamp interval in Culberson County. Earlier this year we completed the Kingman 45 State Unit 2H, which is located in the western half of our Culberson acreage. On our presentation, slide 10 identifies the location of the Kingman well. Before this well, most of our Upper Wolfcamp drilling had been in the southeastern part of our acreage. This 10,000-foot lateral had a 30-day peak average rate of 2,057 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 1,192 barrels, or 58%, was oil. The Kingman was completed with 1,700 pounds of sand per lateral foot and came online in late April. In its first 180 days, the well has cumulative production of 308,000 barrels of oil equivalent, including 169,000 barrels of oil. This excellent delineation result opens up our acreage on the western half of Culberson County, where we plan to do further testing in 2017. We also just finished drilling an Upper Wolfcamp well north of the Kingman well in Eddy County, which, depending on results, could open up even more acreage for development in the Upper Wolfcamp. Completion of that will is planned to begin in mid-January. We've completed 17 gross, 10 net wells in the Permian during the third quarter. Fourth quarter capital in the basin will be focused on completion activities and acreage obligations across our Wolfcamp position in both Culberson and Reeves County. We currently have five rigs running in the Delaware Basin. Now on to the Mid-Continent. You will recall that we began drilling the latest Woodford development project on the east side of the Canaccord in the fourth quarter of 2015. This development covers six sections, of which Cimarex operates two sections. Completion of the wells began in mid-September, with all the Cimarex operated wells now completed and beginning early stages of flow back. These wells, along with partner operated wells, should be coming on production over the next two quarters. We also completed the Leon Gundy wells, our stacked/staggered Meramec-Woodford spacing pilot. These wells were brought on production in mid-October, thus it is too early to discuss any results. We look forward to discussing these wells in more detail on our next call. We also continue to both delineate and hold our Meramec acreage, with our most recent well results in this play performing as expected relative to our pre-drill expectations. Of the four rigs we plan to operate in the Anadarko Basin next year, three of them will be dedicated to holding our Meramec acreage. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining us on our call today. I'll start first with our third quarter production results, then go into some detail on our revised Q4 2016 forecast and the resulting 2016 production outlook, and then, with an underneath-the-hood look at our forecasted late Q4 ramp up in production, I'll give you a glimpse of our preliminary 2017 production outlook. I'll then finish up with just a few comments on LOE and service costs. As Tom mentioned, with reported net equivalent daily volume of 947 million cfe a day, our third quarter production came in just shy of our guidance range of 950 million to 980 million cfe. Two main factors came into play when comparing our actual results to our guidance. First, we saw an unanticipated net volume reduction of approximately 7 million a day as a result of ethane rejection associated with the processing of our share of outside-operated Mid-Continent gas during the quarter. And secondly, we experienced approximately 13 million a day of production downtime due to slightly longer than anticipated completion times and the shut-in of the wells associated with those completions. These two factors alone pulled us away from the midpoint of our guidance. If we look at Q3 by region, with the pickup of our Permian completion activity in mid-Q2, our third quarter Permian volume of 517 million cfe a day was up 2% from Q2 2016, while our third quarter Mid-Continent volume of 427 million cfe a day was down 2% from the second quarter, a result of our beginning-of-the-year slowdown in Mid-Continent completion activity, which we just recently picked up, as John mentioned, up here in late Q3. Looking forward, before touching on our fourth quarter guidance, I want to provide a little color on our frac fleet utilization strategy. To provide consistency in our frac fleet utilization and operational results, and to maintain full control of the timing and scheduling of our frac operations, we've opted to retain a consistent number of fleets to complete our wells. With a fluctuating rig schedule and a good mix of multiple and individual well completion projects, we carefully plan our inventory so as to minimize adding and dropping crews. If we did add and drop crews, we'd risk the ability to pick up the crews (13:35) with which we've worked so hard to develop our operational efficiencies. Which means that when any completion operation takes longer than expected, either due to an operational or weather issue, or as a result of changing completion design on the fly to pump a larger, more time-consuming job, there's a domino effect on the timing of all completion operations following in queue. Our Wood State completion is a great example. When we provided Q3 guidance, the then-planned job size required an 18-day time period to complete each three-well pad. Subsequent to providing guidance, we changed the job design, which required a 30-day time period to pump, and pushed back other wells and projects in queue. We saw this in the Mid-Continent as well, and as a result we pushed out first production for some significant wells and projects that were previously forecasted to add production in early Q4, now to come on later in Q4, and pushed others out into 2017. So in a nutshell, at the total company level, we've moved a number of our significant completions into late Q4, and a total of 10 net wells previously slated for late Q4 into early 2017. With large anticipated production increases from our pilot and infill projects, simply sliding first production two to four weeks has a big impact when projecting volumes for 12-week quarterly time period, and as a result, our Q4 production forecast dropped from our last quarter estimate. We have a number of significant infill projects forecasted for Q4 in both the Permian and in the Mid-Continent. In the Permian, we revised our first production timing for our Wood State project in Reeves County, with first production now forecasted for late November/ early December, versus our last quarter estimate of October. With the revised completion timing, we've also moved first production for five net Permian wells, including production from our Tim Tam project, into early 2017. Similarly in the Mid-Continent, revised timing for frac operations has pushed out the timing for first production from our East Cana infill project, with our operated Nancy Condrey (16:49) sections now scheduled to come online in November and December, and our non-operated project sections now forecasted to come on in the December to early 2017 timeframe. As a result, five projected net Mid-Continent wells have also moved into 2017. So when the dust settled, our updated Q4 production guidance now sits at 945 million to 985 million cfe a day, with a fast production ramp forecasted for the latter half of the quarter. With the increase, we are projecting December total company net equivalent volumes to be in excess of a Bcf a day. As Tom mentioned, we have put together a preliminary nine-rig plan for 2017, funded comfortably with projected 2017 cash flow projections using our current strip. With the carryover of our Q4 '16 completion activity, and the anticipated ramp-up in associated production into 2017, we're projecting a preliminary estimate of 1.05 to 1.1 Bcfe a day for our full-year 2017 production. As compared to the midpoint of our current 2016 full-year production guidance, this represents a 9% to 14% increase in production during 2017. As Tom did, I want to again emphasize as well, this is a very preliminary plan. The plan can change as a result of many factors, including changes in commodity prices and/or changes in any of our activity levels, our project selection, and the timing of our capital deployment. Shifting gears to OpEx, we posted another nice guidance beat with our third quarter LOE, and we owe it all again to our production groups' continued efforts to reduce our operating cost structure. We commend their efforts, and with their focus we continued to realize significant cost reductions during the quarter, seeing some nice reductions in equipment and maintenance, contract labor, and rentals in particular. As a result, our Q3 lifting cost came in at $0.61 per Mcfe, at the low end of our guidance range of $0.60 to $0.75, down 6% from Q2 and down 27% from the $0.83 we posted for an average in 2015. After incorporating our continued cost control efforts and the fluctuating nature of workover expenses, we're projecting our remaining year lifting cost to be in the $0.60 to $0.70 range. And finally, some comments on drilling and completion costs. We continue to see our drilling cost components remain relatively in check, and have seen our completion cost components for the most part level off. That said, we're beginning to feel upward pressure on completion costs, with any increase most likely to occur after the beginning of the year. With that, we continue to focus on efficiencies on the drilling side by cutting down drilling days, and on the completion side by optimizing our completion design, optimizing our water sourcing, and optimizing our pumping operations. With our costs in check, our generic well AFEs are flat to last quarter in the Permian. Our current Bone Spring 1-mile lateral AFEs are ranging $4.7 million to $5.1 million. That's flat to last quarter, but down 6% from earlier in the year. In the Wolfcamp, with larger completions, our current generic 2-mile lateral Culberson Wolfcamp AFE continues to run in the $10.2 million to $11.2 million range. That again is flat to last call, but down 5% from Q4 2015 and down 23% from late 2014. With our larger frac design, our Cana core 1-mile lateral Woodford AFE continues to run in the range of $7.1 million to $7.5 million. That's up from the $6.6 million to $7 million range we quoted with smaller fracs earlier in the year, but we're still down 10% from late 2014. And finally, as we continue to experiment with frac design, our current 2-mile lateral Meramec AFEs are running in the range of $10.5 million to $12 million, with frac design really being the largest cost variable in the total well costs for our Meramec wells. So in closing, we had another good quarter. We continued to make strides to reduce our operating cost structure, we stayed focused on efficiencies to reduce and optimize total well cost, and we continue to make progress maximizing the productivity and profitability of our wells. Although we've seen our completion timing push out first production for a number of our bigger projects, due primarily to pumping bigger and bigger jobs, we're very pleased about our well results, and for that matter, we're very pleased about our entire program. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Our first question comes from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, good morning. My first question, Tom, is just thinking about the 2017, call it preliminary outlook. A couple of questions around that. One is, if I look at your spending in the quarter, you spent $175 million, and if you annualize that you'd be at $700 million, and your rig activity is ramping. So I'm just trying to put that into context relative to an initial D&C spend of $600 million? Because it does like you are accelerating from that $175 million that you spent in Q3?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. Arun, I'm going to give you an overview answer and then I'm going to turn it over to Mark for the detail. The quarterly spending is really a function of drilling rigs but also completion timing. And it's driven not only by the pad development timing, but there's also a fair amount of non-operated timing. That preliminary $600 million is an annualized rate if we kept those nine rigs running throughout the course of the year. Quarterly spending can fluctuate depending on how that gets bunched up. Mark, do you want to add to that?
Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, Arun, we have a little choppiness in our capital spend levels with the amount of completion dollars we have in any one quarter. Actually you'll see in the fourth quarter, applied guidance has quite a uplift in capital costs for completions, of which we will have a number of completions occurring in the fourth quarter, a lot of them later in the quarter. But you'll see an upward kick into 2017. And as Tom said, it's a nine-rig program timed out with the capital and completion dollars with that program.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Arun, just to finish that thought, we're feeling really solid about the quality of our returns, the quality of our program, and the things we want to accomplish. So even though I know oil markets are a little nervous here in the last week, we're feeling a little better about some of the fundamentals, and so our bias as we sit today  and again this is just today  but our bias is going to be to lean forward on that capital number, and we're looking at a lot of things that we want to get done, and we'd like to get them done sooner rather than later. So I think there's a pretty good chance we'll be giving meaningful updates here in our next call.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And if I could just elaborate on that point, because the initial, and again understanding its initial, but right now if you look at our forecast and consensus, it's between $1 billion to $1.1 billion of EBITDA, so the number that you put out there last night would suggest quite a bit of free cash flow generation. So I'm just trying to understand is if you guys are thinking how you plan to balance growth versus potential free cash flow, and is there an intention, as we think about modeling for next year, to spend your cash flow? As you know, this is a market that is rewarding growth to a decent extent?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, the market will reward what the market rewards. There's a pretty big difference between a spreadsheet and iron deployed on the ground. And we're poised for increased activity. We have lots of things to do, and our bias is going to be  we don't have a great interest in keeping cash on our balance sheet; our bias is going to be to activity. And we focus on the returns on that investment, and as you know, you all get tired, I sound like a broken record, I think growth is a nice outcome of really good, prudent investments. And we're feeling pretty confident about those investment opportunities. Mark, do you want to comment on that?
Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, Arun, as we talked in the past, over the last six months, we've been continuing to watch for stabilization in commodity prices. It's been seeming that some more stabilization occurring lately, but obviously even more recently there'[s some more pressure on oil recently, with some of the OPEC discussions. But certainly, with the Street forecast probably embeds a low mid $50 oil price, if that kind of environment starts to play out into 2017 and we feel that's a good price to be working off of as far as capital generation, certainly want to increase our capital level.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes, I will say from my viewpoint, I have a strong bias to spend our cash flow. And if we have any kind of signals of stability  and we think we are seeing those signals. We've talked a lot about structural reset in the markets, and we feel like we are starting to see that. And so our bias is going to be to spend our cash flow, and possibly  that cash on our balance sheet is there to be invested. So we're looking at it carefully. It's a good question, and you're right on point with the way we're viewing that.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi, Drew.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, Tom. So on the 2017 program, the capital plan indicates to me, at least, a really big uptick in capital efficiency. And I think that's clearly occurred on the well productivity side. Is there an element of cost improvements at the well level for the further efficiencies that Joe talked about? And I did catch that he said costs really haven't gone down at all from 2Q, so was hoping you could provide some color there?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. Mark, why don't you take the capital efficiency, and I know Joe will make some comments on costs.
Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, right. Drew, there is definitely more of a program going with longer laterals and we also have the efficiency improvements we've seen in our uplifts and our frac design. There is some capital efficiency embedded in it. But certainly there's also some efficiency gained from the fact that we are bringing forward wells from 2016 into 2017, that's a big part of what's happening into this next year's forecast, is the fact that we have carryover, as we mentioned in the release, 10 wells carrying over from 2016 that we previously thought would in the fourth quarter into 2017, so that's helping, getting that front-loaded production into 2017.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: And this is Joe. I'd say that's the primary driver to the capital efficiency calculation there, that you've got our significant East Cana infill projects coming online right at the end of the quarter, you've got the Tim Tam, you've got the Wood stage, you've got big chunks of new production starting off the year in 2017 with the capital deployed in late 2016.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for the color. And then if we can go over to the Culberson Wolfcamp A, I think is one of the highest rate of return assets in your portfolio, if not the highest. And so given the successful delineation you've had across a lot of that position there, do you expect to move into more of a development mode in 2017?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. This is John. Yes. I mean, there is both a combination, we still have some acreage obligation we need to do, and I need to point out what's really, really nice about that Kingman result is it gives us great encouragement to, quite frankly, put more wells over there on that west side, which further helps us secure our acreage across the entire Culberson position. So that was a really significant outcome for us, we're really pleased with that well. Likewise, as we continue to monitor our current spacing pilot, the Sunny-Gato pilot, we're already in plans for the next development phase of Upper Wolfcamp. We have a couple of sections in mind, and really the thing we're debating it just how tight do we want to put the wells. And again, a little bit of time here as we continue to watch the flow back of our current spacing pilot. And I just want to make another comment, as much as I can't talk a lot about it because we haven't gotten our "peak rate," I would still consider a very encouraging sign that we're still seeing continued improvement, that is, the wells are continuing to clean up. I think we're encouraged by that, and hopefully by next call we'll be able to give you a lot of color on those actual results of those wells.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks, John. And I guess with that in mind, does that give you comfort that you'll be able to incorporate the results of that spacing pilot in time for budgeting for 2017? Or would it still be kind of, prior learnings would be the basis for your capital plans in Wolfcamp A?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I think the only thing I would say is, within our budgeting for 2017, we've incorporated some development in Upper Wolfcamp. What might change, again, is maybe a well count on a section where we'll maybe add an additional well or two. But the full scale of the budget, I don't think that will have a huge impact on it. But, no, our intention is to incorporate the results from that pilot to then help dictate how we go forward with our future development in the Upper Wolfcamp. But those Upper Wolfcamp developments currently on the schedule, I believe, aren't really start drilling until late second, early third quarter, last time I looked at it.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, Drew. the word development doesn't mean what it used to mean. Everything we do, we're testing something. The beauty of our assets is that we're making really good returns while we test it. But there's some great innovative thinking going on in our organization on stimulations and well spacing, and we've got some significant tests to look at that could have meaningful implications for our overall inventory. So we can use the word development, but everything we do has learnings that impact future operations.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Tameron of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. I'm going to go back to 2017 again. If I just think about the big pad completion coming online in the first quarter, how should we think about your quarterly kind of production run rate through the year? Should it be flattish to a slight incline drought the year, or how should we  any guidance you can give me there? Any color you can give me there?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes, this is Joe. As modeled, with the larger projects coming on at the first part of the year, and then as we look out through the remainder of 2017, the placeholders that we currently have in place are more single-well project in nature. You'll probably see a ramp in the first two quarters of 2017, and then relatively flat for Q3 and Q4. But again, this is just a preliminary plan that we put together based on capital assumptions for 2017.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, thanks for that color. And then I guess Tom, if I look at  I'm looking at slide 13 of the new deck, which is those Upper Wolfcamp completion design, those four Wells in Culbertson. And I look at that and then I look at the prior  same slide from a couple months prior, and it looks like the blue and the red line are  that increase is decreasing over time, so that gap's narrowing over time?. And I'm just getting back to this, there's this debate a couple years ago that's kind of got lost lately, but are you pulling more value forward? Are you really increasing the EUR? What exactly  what's the endgame as far as these higher completions? Can you  can I look at these four wells and make a determination based on that? Or can you give me more color, what you think, as far as ultimately what the  is the sand really driving higher EURs, or are you just accelerating that value, I guess?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I'm going to just set the stage, and then John will take it from there. The devil's in the details, and one of the things that completion and optimization really allows you to focus on is rate of return. So we don't really judge it by production uplift nor EUR uplift. We look at the return, and that's usually defined by certainly your first 18 to 24 months of production. And there's a raging debate as to at what point we end up accelerating and at what point we're having a new reserves. But as long as we focus on the return on an incremental completion investment, and we use really good, well-grounded data in doing that, that's not really a first order of concern. It's something that we will learn over time. Now, again, the devil is in the details when you compare this blue to the red curve. There's lots of optimization in the Wolfcamp that we haven't experimented with, and I'm going to let John take it from there.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, the first thing I would say is I would again emphasize what Tom just said. When we look at these additional costs on our frac uplifts or optimization, we are always looking at it from the standpoint of the incremental cost relative to the rate of return that that well achieves, and that is our first and foremost measure. We certainly also look at  we debate a lot internally over, yes, how much of this  is there a component of acceleration versus how much of this is new reserves? And honestly, there's still a lot of that to be determined as these wells continue to perform, and we'll watch that very carefully. As far as innovation, yeah, I don't  I do not believe, for either the Upper or Lower Wolfcamp, that we still have achieved the optimal frac for an individual well. And we talk about that all the time internally. And we have a lot of experimentation, in fact a well in particular coming up that we're going to test a lot of concepts and ideas, where we still think there's possibilities to achieve  or recover more reserves out of that rock. So I guess all I could tell you is, we watch it carefully. We monitor it carefully as far as the incremental cost to make sure it's a good decision, and we're going to keep trying to innovate on it.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: I might just finish with one point, I'm not  we wouldn't look at slide 13 as necessarily the guiding light to make this decision. There are lots of things that are second-order advancements or innovations, and that would include cluster spacing, it would include pounds of sand and fluid per cluster. And so it could be that the blue and the red curve may lie on top of one another, but if we can get more wells per section, that's a huge, huge advance for us. So again, the devil is in the details on this.
David R. Tameron - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. I appreciate the color though, helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next call comes from Pearce Hammond of Simmons Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Color on 2017. My first question is, when you look at well cost per lateral foot, do you think that's starting to level out, and maybe even start to move up as the intensity of the completions increases, as well as just service costs moving up?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes, this is Joe. I'd say the general answer to that is yes, but it's, like we've been talking about, here too, the types of design of your frac, the pounds of sand, the amount of fluid, your cluster spacing, your science projects, what have you; I tend to look at it more on the basis of cost components, because they're the variables we can measure. And what we're seeing on the drilling side are relatively flat cost components. On the completion side, it's no secret, you've heard the likes of Halliburton talking about increasing their service costs, we anticipate that it's entirely possible we may see somewhere, 5% to 7% some-odd increase in our completion service costs as we move forward. But overall, when you put it in the blender and turn it on, there is so many variables. How efficient can we be at sourcing our water, and we're spending a heck of a lot of time on that. And again, optimizing the cost-benefits of the different frac designs, so that whatever the cost is we see the optimal side of it on the production side. These are all things that we're constantly scrutinizing and studying, and the end result is what Tom and John have both alluded to, what's our best rate of return? So I kind of danced around your question, but I think I left you with some flavor.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: No, that's helpful. Thank you. And then my follow-on just sort of grows from that, but when you put out your preliminary 2017 capital budget, have you done those services to kind of lock them in, so that you don't have the incremental service cost inflation on top of the guidance that you've already put out?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: No. We've got just wonderful relationships with our service providers, and I think we know well in advance about what our cost structure is going to be looking like the next three to six months out. We have strong confidence that we'll be able to manage our cost, particularly on the completion side, through the duration of 2017.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Thank you for taking my...
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: I just want to follow-up on that. We typically don't prefer to do long-term service contracts. And I know there's lots of people that see that problem differently. Locking in, that's  works on both sides, and I'm not sure who is locked in. We like flexibility. We like the ability to adapt our program up and down depending on changing conditions. So we're typically market takers. We look for good relationships, as Joe said, we look for high quality service companies, we look for safe, responsible service companies, and our history as a company has steered us away from long-term contracts.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neal Dingmann of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Morning, Tom, and great detail so far. Say, Tom, just when I was looking up at slide 10 of yours particularly that talks about the Culberson and Wolfcamp details, and you guys have certainly added just a large amount of new oil gathering. And so some of your peers mentioned maybe being constrained next year, or having the infrastructure limit what they can grow. Is that going to be any sort of issue for you all, particularly in the Delaware Basin, that would limit your growth in any regard?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: We don't see that as a constraint over the next couple of years. We always model that out, both on a local and a basin-wide level. And certainly we've got a good relationship in Culberson, Plains is our gatherer and they've got good takeaway capacity and we're in very good shape there. There's been a tremendous amount of processing capacity built out in the Delaware Basin. We look at not only that, we look at gathering, and we also look at basin takeaway, and we're typically looking two to three years out, because that is usually the window in which if you have to lock up firm or do some kind of contractual obligation with a midstream Company you can build in advance, but we currently don't see that as an intermediate-term constraint. Do you want to comment on that, Joe?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: I agree entirely. We've  when we put our project together with Plains, we had done a number of multiyear models on targeted drilling programs  or projected drilling programs and the resulting throughput. And we have a high degree of confidence in the capacity of the oil pipeline system that's currently in place in Culberson. And then likewise on the gas side, adequate processing and at least, given where we are today with the number of projects that are out there, two, three years' worth of capacity on the processing side and also on the takeaway side. So we feel very comfortable about both the gas side and the oil and NGL side  all three of them, I guess.
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So, guys, does that just  again, it seems like others have to use a lot of their capital to do some of this build-out themselves. But you all, certainly  is it because of your great relationships and looking this far out with some of these third-party partners that you don't have to use the capital, and you have more than needed?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, we do spend midstream capital. And in Culberson, in particular, we do own and operate our gathering system, and that's been a great benefit to us, as our Permian production manager reminds me every chance he can get. It's been a really, really smart thing for us, and we reached out and did some risk in doing that. And  but we have capital discipline. We really look at our midstream investments carefully. We want to make sure they're balanced against our drilling and completion capital and not get ahead of ourselves. And that's been important to us. So I think Cimarex probably does view midstream a little differently than some of our peers, and we like just-in-time midstream investments. I'm going to finish by saying that both those outlets in Culberson, the Plains and the MarkWest plant that was built, that was a really great outcome through the partnership we have with Chevron  the joint development agreement with Chevron. And I think it's been well crafted, and it's a great benefit for both companies.
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then just lastly, really quick, Tom, just on bolt-on opportunities, either Permian or Mid-Con, what's your thoughts as you look into 2017?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Just for general opportunities?
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes, sir. Just for bolt-ons there for either one, just to sort of block up either of those -continue to block up those positions?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, we look at every asset on the market. And I get asked from time to time, do we just count our money differently? And maybe we do. We have a very difficult time with some of the acreage prices that are becoming commonplace. But we look, and we would love to do bolt-ons. We're also seeing a lot of operators come together now and have a greater willingness to swap acreage, so we can drill 10,000-foot laterals. John, do you want to comment on that?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, yeah. I think over the last year or two  and I'm proud to say, I think we led that way with our long lateral results, you had a number of other Wolfcamp operators who were kind of stranded with their sections with only 5,000-foot laterals. And now we're starting to see more and more other companies willing to talk about trading acreage, section for section, such that they as well as us can leverage long laterals. And we're getting a few more of those deals done with a couple of different companies out there. And I would not be surprised you'll see more of that happening where each company tries to kind of block of their own acreage. So then you get those capital efficiencies, with the long laterals as well as the midstream assets and disposal. So we'll see more of that. Would I love to get more bolt-on acreage? Absolutely. And as Tom said, we look at every deal possible, especially adjoining to our position. And we just can't seem to come to the same valuations that others are able to in this current market.
Neal D. Dingmann - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the details, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Morning, Tom and everyone, thanks for taking my questions. I was hoping just to go back to  I know you guys gave a lot of information around the discussions and the delays in Cana. I just wanted to clarify little bit, the increased time  you talked about the impact obviously of the ethane rejection, but the increased time, was a created from having to shut in wells? Was the time itself just related to the frac job itself? And is there an expectation of significantly longer time for these wells to be cleaning up once they're on line?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is Joe. The answer is not embedded and it's taking longer for the wells to clean out. It's entirely tied to the timing of the frac itself and the duration of the operation of the frac. And the loss, I guess if you want to call it that, as compared to the previous forecast in production with a longer timeframe for a given well that is newly completed. But also in conjunction with that, we are offsetting wells in and around the wells that we're fracking. And the delays that we see there is going to get a little bit multiplied, if you will, by some number based on the number of wells that are offset. So it's a combination of both. It is entirely due to when we anticipated a frac to start in our Q3 guidance, and end, and the wells that would be associated with that frac that were shut in and the volumes that would have been deferred.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So the shut-ins were anticipated, just the duration of it was not?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Correct.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. I appreciate that. And then...
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: David, I just want to add to that. One of the challenges is, with these pads, the shut-ins are longer in duration than we're typically used to, and it's more significant than it's been to us historically. Some of these shut-ins, if you are on some of these significant pads, you might be shutting in offset wells for a couple of months while you complete them. And that's a little different issue.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. Especially I would say operationally in the Permian. I think we're more used to it in the Woodford because that's how we've been developing our acreage. We do multi-section development, so we anticipate the significant shut-ins. Honestly, up until this year in the Permian most of our shut-ins were always associated with a one-off parent well, and typically then we'd only experience a week of shut-in. Now when you go to major six-well developments like Wood, and then you incur a little bit longer time because of the frac design change, that certainly then led to far longer shut-ins than we typically had been used to. Obviously now we're adjusting, and we will plan for it accordingly, going forward. But that's really what, hit us pretty hard in the Permian here, in this last few quarters.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: And gaining a better understanding of the wells that will most likely be associated with that operation, to be shut-in.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I appreciate that. And my last one was just, you talked about the three rigs, I guess, running in Meramec next year to HBP, and I guess want to delineate. Can you just remind us how much of your acreage will be held, then, with the three rigs? And then I guess with the one delineation well, I guess you're testing various pilots. What area of your acreage do you think there's sort of the most debate about that you'd like to do some density tests on, and to which zones?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Let me be clear in terms of my statement. The three rigs that I referred to will be holding acreage while delineating Meramec acreage, it's kind of a combination of two things. Those three rigs through the end of the year will pretty much ensure that we keep all of our Meramec acreage intact, with those three rigs throughout the rest  all of 2017. The fourth rig that will run in Anadarko will more  most of the time be dedicated to more Woodford drilling in areas where we're testing other Woodford concepts. Again, the three rigs will be both holding acreage but also delineating, in a sense, because we still have areas in the Meramec that we'd like to get results in and get a good idea of how well it will perform. I will say that a lot of our acreage holding in the Meramec will be in more of that northwest part of the map, that's where we got out ahead a couple years ago, that's where a lot of our term acreage is. And so that area where I think previously we announced the Peterson well, as well as the People's well. We have a lot of acreage to hold up in that area, so we have a lot of rigs headed  a lot of drilling to do next year in that area. And so far, both ourselves as well as some of our competitors have announced some very impressive wells in that area. So inasmuch as we're holding acreage, we're holding acreage with what appears to be some really good rate-of-return opportunities with the rigs we'll be running there.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks very much for that color, John. I appreciate the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Jason Smith - Bank of America: Hi, good morning, everyone. Tom, just coming back again to the 2017 guidance  and I wanted to touch on slide six really quickly  can you help clarify what oil growth looks like, relative to total growth in MBOEs next year?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: No. We didn't give specifics on oil growth, Jason, but if  what I said is, we're talking about a top-line growth number, and oil growth that underpins that that will be substantially larger than that top-line number. We'll give some color on that on our next call. But I will go ahead and tell you we're pleased with what we're seeing in oil growth for 2017, but I think I'd like to defer specifics until we can come back at you with much more detail on our capital program. Was I sufficiently evasive there, Jason?
Jason Smith - Bank of America: No, I appreciate that and I appreciate. It's a bit of a moving target right now. But  and maybe sticking on that front, in the Cana, your partner yesterday led out a pretty optimistic picture with a nice step-up in oil yields relative to legacy production. So as you move beyond your current set of completions, can you just talk about how the Cana-Woodford fits from a capital allocation standpoint into next year, and maybe just the timing around your next set of completions?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I'll start and John will still add on to this. Certainly a lot of what we're looking at in the Woodford next year is on that eastern corridor, which is much oilier. It's offering outstanding returns, and I think you will see a joint project along that eastern corridor in 2017. And we're in the process of formulating that, but yeah, it'd be an oilier project. John?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yes. It's an exciting project because, as our partner elaborated  I saw their write-up on it  it is a long lateral development project. It's 10,000 foot laterals in an area where we get very good condensate yield, with very good rate of returns. I will tell you, the biggest questions we have regarding that, quite frankly, is how many wells per section do we want to put? Based on our previous results in what we call Row 4, Armacost Phillips, where we pushed the spacing even tighter, we've been very pleased with those results. Likewise the current developed section, the eastern core infill, our partner has a number of sections were they again are testing tighter spacing. Those results, as well as perhaps even some other things we want to test, might lead to even more wells per section within that development, which even makes it more appealing to us. So there's a lot of discussions with our partner about that, and we fully anticipate, certainly in the second half of next year, that we will be deploying rigs on that development project in the Cana area.
Jason Smith - Bank of America: Thanks, guys. Appreciate the answers.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thanks, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Hall of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks. Good morning. I guess one more follow-up on the 2017 outlook. Certainly sounds, like you've said, your current view is preliminary and the bias is towards more activity. I am just curious on what sort of timing is required, in terms of how quickly you need to lean into that budget to really impact 2017 growth?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah, Michael, that's a great question. Certainly these projects have fairly significant legs to executing and before you see production. I will tell you that our bias is sooner rather than later. I think that one of the lessons we've learned is these projects that are second-half projects that roll into the following year, it just adds noise to our reporting that is artificial. It has nothing to do with the quality of our assets, the quality of the program, but it's just noise. And so if we had a choice between getting something done early in the year or later in the year, I think you know where we're going to land there is earlier in the year. So between now and our next quarter we're going to be hard at work trying to line some things out. We would like to get it done so that we are not having these fourth-quarter discussions.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Makes a lot of sense. And then I guess a follow up on my end, you've talked a bit about exploration in the prepared remarks, just curious kind of how you think about the exploration announcement that we all got regarding the area to the south of you in Culberson County, and potentially missing that opportunity? And then second question within that, is there a Woodford or Barnett possibility underlying your Culberson block?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, I'll just say that we studied that play for a while, we've been watching the activity. As far as missing an opportunity, we could probably have a museum full of plays we've missed; that's just part of our business. We have a lot of respect for Apache and we root for them. I think it's an interesting concept, obviously they have some challenges between now and commerciality, but they've talked about that and they know how to do that. As far as other opportunities, I will let John handle that.
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: We  internally we have quite a number of step-out exploration ideas that we're churning, and some quite  in fact, one that we're drilling on right now. These are  this is what we do as a company. We have tasked our regions and our groups to come up with new ideas, new exploration opportunities where quite frankly we could get ahead of the crowd and get reasonable leasing opportunities at reasonable cost and then take the risk on the drilling side. And we are doing that. And we have a number of those that we will be doing over the coming year. As typical for us, you won't hear a peep out of us about it until we ourselves have convinced ourself that we have something that is material to the company, and then only then will we talk about it. But rest assured, we are pursuing a number of exploration ideas, and we will always be doing that because, quite frankly, that's where we find we get the biggest bang for our buck from a value creation standpoint for this company.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Very good. Make sense. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Allman of FBR. Please go ahead.
Joseph Allman - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Thank you. Hi, everybody.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Allman - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Sorry if I missed this, but what is your preliminary guidance on other spending besides the $600 million for D&C? So in 2016 you're spending about $175 million on infrastructure and leasehold and capitalized interest and capitalized G&A and other. So what's the guidance for that for the same items for 2017?
Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.: Hi Joe, it's Mark. We'll give out guidance to the other components in the February call, but you're on the point as far as what we're incurring for other capital for this year. So it's  we still have to make some assumptions on, some leasehold assumptions as far as what leasehold acquisitions we want to build into our budget and so those components and production capital will have to be settled out as well. But we'll make those guidance figures when we give our February guidance. And also to make a point on the runway to $600 million, which we did give guidance for was drilling and completion capital only, and actually, as Arun actually asked earlier, that $175 million is total capital, which is not comparable to the $600 million of drilling and completion capital. We actually incurred $125 million of drilling and completion capital in the third quarter. That's the comparable number to the $600 million. So the run rate is for drilling and completion only of $600 million, and that's on a nine rig program.
Joseph Allman - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. That's helpful, Mark. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. Not to put a damper on wanting to spend more, but I actually thought 9% to 13% 2017 growth on a flat spend was rather impressive. Can you characterize what portion of the growth is completion carryover from 2016? Maybe improved year-over-year well performance, or other factors like more efficient D&C?
Mark Burford - Cimarex Energy Co.: That's a hard number to dissect, which is the component of carryover completion capital. We will be having a nice ramp into the fourth quarter from the wells we're completing by December, as Joe mentioned; by exit rate would be over a Bcf a day, so we're going to have a nice ramp going into next year, but dissect what component of next year is volume contributions from carryover activity versus improved performance, it's hard to dissect that.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: I mean, there are some. Clearly we borrowed a little from 2016 into 2017 in our capital spending level, but it's not a bunch. We just haven't calculated that.
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is Joe. What I would say there is that Q3 of 947 Mmcfe, and I mentioned December at over 1 Bcfe, so there's 50 million cfe a day of brand-new production just entering 2017, and there's still a climb (61:24) into the first quarter with the other carryover that I mentioned of the ten wells coming into 2017. So I wouldn't be surprised, if we dissect it, that there's a fair percentage that it is carryover.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Maybe another way to think of it, this may be getting out over our skis too early, but based on what you are thinking about now, if you did do a nine-rig program, if that's what it ultimately ended up being, could you create similar growth in 2018?
Joseph R. Albi - Cimarex Energy Co.: On a nine-rig program, a similar type growth into 2018 I think would be difficult.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: But again, that's  we haven't really gone into detail there. The thing that we like where we sit right now, as we look at our assets, at current conditions, we're in an environment where spending within cash flow, we can generate growth and great profitability. And that's something that a couple of years ago, if you had said, in a $50 oil environment, was that a possibility, we'd have been pretty challenged to say yes. But it's really a testament to the quality of our assets and what our organization's done in innovation on our stimulations, but also getting our cost structure down, that LOE decrease is significant to us in what it does to our margins. So just leading into your opening question, we are pretty pleased with what the landscape looks to us as we model out-years.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: It sounds like you've got great flexibility and we'll look forward to see how it  how the next couple of months unwind. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Grigel of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi, good morning. Just on the 2017, to hit one last item, on the non-op spend, some of your partners have talked about what could be a pretty material ramp in 2017 in a rig count. How do you guys think about that, and how much of that has been factored into that $600 million?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: This is John. First off, I'll just simply say in the Permian we don't have a lot of non-op that necessarily drives our program. We're basically 100% operators on most of our acreage besides the Culberson JDA with Chevron, but in Culberson we are the operator since we dictate the budget there. The bigger issue clearly is in Anadarko. First off, of course, we have an AMI partnership with Devon, and we work hand in hand; we are constantly feeding each other exactly our plans. And so we are able to easily put that into our budget forecasting. The area where it gets a little more cloudy, especially in the Meramec is, yes, there's a lot of  all of a sudden we are getting hit with a lot of outside-operated wells scattered throughout that play. A lot of activity. That has caused probably little bit more capital what we originally planned, but it's not a huge component. But we'll certainly  we will be accounting for that going into next year, as well. I will point out again, just like I said early in the Permian, what you will see shake out in Anadarko is once everybody gets to the position of holding their acreage, then you get into where people start doing acreage swaps, or trying to block up, and then that gives you big greater control again over your capital plans. So in the short, we do account for it. We recognize it, but I don't see it as being a major component, or something that's going to completely lead to a large outspend for us.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay, no, that's helpful. And then just a follow-up on the Permian side. You guys make a note in the presentation that you're revaluating 28,000 acres in Ward County. Could you provide some more color about what the revaluation process is?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, this is Tom. We've talked about that. We do have some new ideas, and Ward  Ward again is looking very interesting to us. And all I can say there is, stay tuned. We had said in past years that Ward was challenged for a lot of reasons, not the least of which is some of the prior development, and that it would take a new idea in order for Ward to again be at the front of our plate, front burner, and right now it's front burner.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: And is that driven by new completion techniques, or is it more on drilling or something else?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well it's kind of all of the above. And we're having to tests some things. So we will be commenting on that in future calls.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from John Nelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, thanks for squeezing me in here. I guess just on the 2017, I know we will get more color in February, but there is $700 million of cash on the balance sheet, so we think about your potential desire  assuming we do see some stability  to lean in, is all that on the table, or how should we think about the magnitude of potential outspend?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Well, It's all on the table. We raise that capital to bring our net asset value forward, and that's still what it's sitting there waiting to do. Now we'll probably deploy that over a couple of years; I don't think you see us say, hey, Katy bar the doors we're going to run through that money in one year. But I think that is certainly there, poised for meaningful acceleration, and that's our bias. I mean, that's what we want to do. We have no interest in keeping cash on our balance sheet.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, very clear. Thanks guys. Take care.
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Hanson of Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Mark Hanson - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you. Good morning, guys. Just inking about the mix there of long versus "short" laterals as we head into 2017, I guess all else equal your preference is for long laterals, I think you said that in the past. But as we think about the 2017 plan, one versus 1.5 versus two-mile laterals, if you could comment on that, that would be great?
John Lambuth - Cimarex Energy Co.: Yeah. This is John. It's very simple; if the acreage is there and allows us to, we always plan to go two miles. It's just that simple. We are that convinced that our best rate of returns that we can achieve is by drilling a two-mile lateral. Quite frankly, some of the drilling want to go longer than 2 miles, and we talk about doing even that, and we may eventually test a longer than a two-mile lateral. But the simple answer is, if the acreage allows us  and fortunately the majority, the vast majority of our acreage allows us  then it is our preference to go long. The only time you're going to us consciously choose not to drill a long lateral is like some of these spacing pilot tests, where we're trying to get vital information on how tight to put the wells next to each other. And quite frankly, the length of the lateral doesn't really dictate that result. And so in that regard, we kind of see that as an efficient way to spend our capital, is just to do it is a 5,000 and get the result, and then leverage that quickly to 10,000-foot laterals in development. So I guess the simplest answer is yes, our bias in any opportunity or any chance is to go long with our wells. And almost  the vast majority of all the wells that we'll drill in 2017 will be extended laterals, in both basins.
Mark Hanson - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back to Karen Acierno for any closing remarks.
Karen Acierno - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you, Nan, and thanks everybody for joining us. Tom, I don't know if you had anything that you wanted to close with as well?
Thomas E. Jorden - Cimarex Energy Co.: Thank you, Karen. I just want to thank you for your interest. We're pretty excited about the landscape ahead of us, and we really do look forward to our next call. We're going to be hard at work between now and then. Given I know there's been a lot of questions about 2017, we kind of opened a can of worms with what we have said today, and hopefully you've gotten a flavor of just the quality of our program, and we'll come back with a lot more detail here on our next call. We'll be hard at work between now and then. I want to thank everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP Mark Burford - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President
Analysts: Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Will C. Derrick - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jason S. Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray James Magee - GMP Securities LLC Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Daniel Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Cimarex Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please also note that today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Karen Acierno, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations: Good morning. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Yesterday afternoon, an updated presentation was posted to our website. We will be referring to this presentation during our call today. As a remainder, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K, and other filings, and news releases for the risk factors associated with our business. We know it's a busy week, so we're going to try and keep our prepared remarks short today, so that we have plenty of time for Q&A. We'll begin with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden; followed by an update on drilling activities and results from John Lambuth, EVP of Exploration; and then Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on our operations, including production and well costs. Our CFO Mark Burford is also here to help answer any questions. And so, that we can accommodate everybody's questions during the hour that we have allotted for the call, we'd like to ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Feel free to get back in the queue after that, if you like. And so, with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Karen, and thanks to everyone who's participating in today's call. As always, we appreciate your interest and look forward to your questions during the question-and-answer portion of the call. On the call today, John will walk us through our recent results and describe our progress on some of the delineation projects that we have underway. This will include results from delineation in the Meramec and completion modifications that have further improved our results in the Lower Wolfcamp. In the Meramec, John will discuss results from two recent 10,000 foot horizontal wells that are significant in their performance that they're also encouraging in the manner in which they're delineating our acreage. In the Wolfcamp, John will discuss some recent results from completion optimization, including an outstanding recent 10,000 foot well in Lower Wolfcamp in Culberson County. We're making great strides in improving our well results across our portfolio. Additionally, we are confirming our optimism, regarding the uplift we see from 10,000 foot horizontal wells. Not only are these wells delivering outstanding 30-day and 180-day rates, they're exhibiting surprisingly low decline. Joe will follow John with an operational overview, including some of the steps we have taken to improve field efficiencies. As Joe will describe, he and his team have made great progress in getting our lease operating expenses down. There are many components to the progress that Joe will report, including smart, well-engineered water management; personnel and equipment efficiencies; lift-off to optimization; compressor optimization; and others. The result in savings in current and future lease operating expenses are significant to Cimarex. We reported another production beat this quarter, driven by continued improvement in well performance. Our total company production was 974,000 million cubic feet equivalent per day for the second quarter, which exceeded the high end of our guidance. Gas production was up, while oil production was down slightly. As we had forecasted, this was due to fewer well completions in the Permian Basin due to the timing of our infill and spacing  pilot completions. As we pick up the pace in our Permian completions during the second half of the year, we expect our oil production to turn upwards. Combined with oil production expected from the Woodford completions in East Cana, we expect oil production to be up approximately 15% in the fourth quarter versus second quarter levels. Operating expenses, with the exception of G&A, came in within guidance, resulting in a strong quarter overall. G&A was slightly above guidance, as we record the cost of an early retirement package offered to employees in the first quarter that was finalized in June. We also announced an increase in our 2016 capital budget. We have raised our guidance from a range of $650 million to $700 million of exploration and development capital to $750 million for 2016. This includes $600 million earmarked for drilling and completions, up $100 million from the high-end of our previous guidance. The increased capital will be used to further delineate the Meramec formation in the Anadarko Basin, push the completion of Woodford infill wells forward, and add a handful of new wells to our Delaware Basin program. Our bigger more effective stimulations are also adding to our capital. This is money well spent as shown by our well results. We now see our operated rig count holding at five rigs for the remainder of 2016. And with that, I'll turn the call over to John to provide further color in our program.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Thanks, Tom. I'll start with a quick recap of our drilling activity in the quarter, before getting into some of the specifics of our latest results, and more color on our remaining 2016 plans. Cimarex invested $156 million on exploration and development during the second quarter. About 65% was invested in the Permian region, with the rest going toward activities in Mid-Continent region. Companywide, we've brought 34 gross, 14 net wells on production during the quarter. We had an average of nine operated rigs running during the quarter. These rigs were busy working to hold acreage in both the Wolfcamp and Meramec plays, as well as drilling spacing pilots in both the Delaware Basin and Mid-Continent. That activity is winding down, and we are currently running five rigs, three rigs in the Permian and two rigs in Anadarko, an activity level we intend to maintain through the rest of 2016. While a lot of focus is put on the number of rigs Cimarex is running, completion of the wells has the biggest impact on both well cost and well performance. We are continuing to push the envelope on well completions. On page 30 of our presentation, we illustrate the evolution of completion size, as measured in pounds of sand per lateral foot drilled. As you can see, completions are evolving across the company. We have several other slides in our presentation that illustrate the uplift we've seen in several of these plays, including the Upper Wolfcamp in Culberson County and now the Lower Wolfcamp as shown on slide 12. Our most recent Lower Wolfcamp well, the Flying Ebony 19 State A #5H, was completed with 2,400 pounds of sand per lateral foot and had an average 30 day IP of 3,127 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 23% was oil, 46% gas and 29% was NGL. On average, that IP is 36% higher than previous completions. The success of the frac design used on the Flying Ebony is more than just a pound of sand per foot increase. It is a direct consequence of Cimarex developing a strong understanding of the geology and walk mechanics for this interval, which in turn leads to design changes not just in the amount of sand pumped, but also in the type of sand, cluster design, cluster count, stage spacing, along with the type of fluid. This type of detailed frac design is taking place internally for each of our prospective zones in both basins, which is leading to the strong well performances that we have been achieving across the board. Regarding our New Mexico Avalon Shale program, Cimarex drilled and completed the 5,000 foot Triste Draw 25 Fed #7H late last year, implementing an upsized stimulation design, in order to determine that we could achieve improved performance for this interval as seen in other Permian shale intervals. As shown on slide 17 in our presentation, the results for this well have been outstanding. The well achieved a 30-day peak IP rate of 1,811 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 59% was oil, 20% gas, and 22% NGL, with a very impressive 180-day rate of 1,317 barrels of oil equivalent per day and a 180-day cum of 230,000 barrels of oil equivalent. This kind of result certainly raises the Avalon program to top tier for us, going forward. Capital to be invested in the Permian in the second half of 2016 will be focused on completion activity and acreage obligations across our Wolfcamp position in both Culberson County and Reeves County. The total capital ascribed to acreage holding in Delaware Basin is just over $230 million in 2016. We currently have three rigs running in Delaware Basin and expect to keep them active through the remainder of 2016. Now, on to the Mid-Continent. You will recall that we began drilling the latest Woodford development project on the east side of the Cana core in the fourth quarter 2015. This development covers six sections, of which Cimarex operates two sections. This infill project consists of 47 gross, 22 net wells. Drilling is finished, and completion of the wells has again been moved up and is now scheduled for early September versus October, as was discussed in our last call. This change in scheduling was a contributing factor to our increase in capital expenditures for 2016. As for the Meramec, we continue to drill wells to both hold our acreage and delineate our acreage position. Of note are two of our most recent Meramec results, the Peterson and Sims long laterals, whose location can be seen on slide 19 of the presentation. The Peterson 1H-2821X, located in the northwest part of our Meramec acreage position, achieved a 30-day peak average rate of 19 million cubic feet equivalent per day, of which 54% was oil, 30% gas, 16% NGL, while the Sims 1H-2017X, located in the southeastern part of our Meramec acreage, achieved a 30-day average rate of 12.8 million cubic feet equivalent per day, 29% oil, 46% gas, 25% NGL. These two bookend wells on our acreage are good confirmation of our ability to adjust both the landing zone and frac design to achieve very good rate of return results across the breadth of our Meramec acreage, and is why we have chosen to keep two rigs running throughout the remainder of the year, holding Meramec acreage. Finally, to better understand the multi-zone potential for this area, we have recently finished drilling an eight well stacked/staggered spacing pilot in the Meramec and Woodford formations. See slide 21 for an illustration of this design. These wells are scheduled to begin completion operations later this month, with first production anticipated in the fourth quarter. Results from another Meramec spacing pilot were recently announced by our partner Devon. The Alma pilot wells had an average IP of 1,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 60% was oil. The completion of these wells was influential in the stimulation design for the Meramec wells in our stacked/staggered pilot, with the final Meramec design using 2,600 pounds of sand per lateral foot. Cimarex holds a 46% working interest in this pilot. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: Thank you, John. And thank you all for joining our call today. I'll touch on the usual items, our second quarter production, our Q3 and full year 2016 production outlook, and then finish up with a few comments on LOE and service cost. As Tom mentioned, we had yet another great quarter for production, with stronger-than-expected base property and new well performance really driving the quarter. Our second quarter volumes came in better than anticipated. Our reported Q2 total company net equivalent production of 974 million a day, beat our guidance projection of 935 million a day to 965 million a day and was up slightly to our Q1 reported volume of 973 million a day, rather than down, as we had anticipated last call. As expected, with the accelerated completion activity and increased processing capacity during the second quarter, we saw a nice boost in our Permian production, with the addition of a second frac crew in May. We completed nine Permian wells during the quarter, as compared to just three wells in the first quarter. As a result, our second quarter Permian equivalent volume came in at 509 million a day. That's up 32 million a day or 7% from the first quarter. In the Mid-Continent, continued strong well performance from our Cana-Woodford project, which came online in late fourth quarter last year, supported both our Q1 and our Q2 Mid-Continent volumes. And with that support, our second quarter Mid-Continent equivalent volume averaged 463 million a day, that's up 44 million a day or 11% from Q2 2015. But as expected, with only five new wells in the Mid-Continent coming online during the quarter, our second quarter Mid-Continent volumes decreased $30 million a day as compared to Q1. So, as we look forward into the last half of 2016, we're projecting a further acceleration of completion activity in both our Mid-Continent and Permian programs. And as a result, we're projecting a total of 72 net wells to come online during the year, as compared to the 60 net wells we projected last call, with seven wells of those additional wells been located in the Permian and five wells in the Mid-Continent. In the Mid-Continent, we've moved up the start date for Cana infill development project to September, as has been previously as stated, and that's, again, versus a previous estimate of October. And in the Permian, with the planned additional of the third rig in August, we've also accelerated our completion activity, for the most part, in fourth quarter for both of our Bone Spring and Reeves County Wolfcamp programs. As a result, we now anticipate having 22 net wells waiting on completion at year-end with 11 net wells in both the Mid-Continent and the Permian. And that's down from the 46 total wells that we had waiting on completion here at the end of Q2. With our strong first half performance and our planned acceleration and completion activity, we've increased our total company full year of production guidance to 0.98 Bcfe to 1 Bcfe per day. That's up from our previous guidance of 940 million a day to 970 million a day to and would put us, in essence, flat to 2% higher than our 2015 average of 984.5 million a day. More importantly, our planned acceleration  accelerated completion activity gives us very strong momentum going into 2017, with our forecasted Q4 exit rate in the range of 1.02 Bcfe per day to 1.07 Bcfe per day. That's 3% to 9% higher than the 986 million a day we posted in Q4 2015. Our oil production plays a big role in our projected Q4 exit rate, with our Q4 Permian and Mid-Continent net oil volumes forecasted to be up 12% to 17% from the volumes that we reported in Q2. For Q3 2016, with 10 net Permian wells and three net Mid-Continent wells expected to come online during the quarter, we're guiding our total company net equivalent volumes to be in the range of 950 million a day to 980 million a day, that's, in essence, flat with the second quarter. And as we move into Q4, our completion activity really picks up steam with 15 net Permian wells and 26 net Mid-Continent wells planned to come online in the fourth quarter. Shifting gears to OpEx. We had a nice guidance beat with our second quarter LOE, and we owe it all to our production groups' continued and dedicated efforts to optimally reduce our overall operating cost structure. With their focus, we once again saw sizable cost reductions during the quarter and similar components as in quarters past: salt water disposal; compression; rentals; contract labor. And as such, our Q2 lifting cost came in at $0.65 per Mcfe, well below the low end of our guidance, which was $0.80 per Mcfe to $0.90 per Mcfe, down 19% from our first quarter average of $0.80 per Mcfe and down 22% from the $0.83 per Mcfe we averaged in 2015. So, after incorporating our continued cost control efforts and also taking into account the fluctuating nature of workover expenses, we projected our remaining year lifting cost to be in the range of $0.60 per Mcfe to $0.75 per Mcfe. I'll take a moment just to say we're extremely proud of our entire production ops team for their success and safely and effective reducing our LOE. The progress is sizable. Since prices began falling back in 2014, we've seen an  our absolute monthly net LOE drop approximately $9 million a month, which on an annualized basis, it has in essence freed up over $100 million a year that we can direct to our drilling program. And finally on service cost, some very similar comments to our last call with regard to drilling and completion cost. Most all of our drilling cost components have remained relatively in check, while we have seen some modest reductions in per unit completion cost primarily in the Permian. On the drilling side, we have kept our focus on efficiencies as illustrated with our average 2016 Bone Spring spud to rig release drill time of 10 days, that's down from 12 days in 2015 and 14 days in 2014. On the completion side, we've seen continued cost reductions in the Permian, both from a frac cost standpoint, as well as in the cost to source our water, which has really helped to negate the additional cost of us pumping larger jobs. As we continue to increase our frac size, completion dollars continue to dominate our total well cost, representing up to two-thirds of the individual total well cost for each well. As in quarters past, we've been able to offset the cost of the larger fracs with lower per unit pumping cost. And as such, most of our generic AFEs have remained somewhat in check as compared to last quarter. An exception however is our Permian Bone Spring program where both drilling and completion efficiencies have reduced our current one mile lateral AFEs to $4.7 million to $5.1 million, that's down 6% from the $5 million to $5.4 million that we quoted last quarter. In the Wolfcamp, with larger completions, our current generic two-mile lateral Culberson AFEs continue to run in a $10.2 million to $11.2 million range. That's like the last call, but down 5% from where we were in Q4 and down 23% from that program's AFE back in late 2014. With our larger frac design, our Cana core one-mile lateral Woodford AFE is running in the range of $7.1 million to $7.5 million, up from the $6.6 million to $7 million range we previously quoted with the smaller frac, but right in line with the $500,000 to $600,000 anticipated increase that we quoted last call, should we adopt and implement the larger fracs, which we are. But even with the larger frac, our current Cana one-mile Woodford well is down 10% on a total well cost as compared to late 2014. As we drill more two-mile lateral Meramec wells, our current AFEs are running in the range of $10.7 million to $11.4 million, all the while we continue to experiment with various frac designs and land in-depths and so on. In closing, we had another great quarter. We made tremendous strides reducing our overall operating cost structure. We're staying focused on efficiencies to reduce and optimize our drilling and completion cost. And we continue to make good progress, maximizing the productivity and profitability of our wells. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: Our first question today comes from Drew Venker from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Drew.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Tom, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the Upper Wolfcamp pilot in Culberson County, realize it's still early but any  even just geologic information you obtained so far in that pilot?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll just make a quick comment and then turn it over to John for perhaps further obfuscation. We're just now flowing it back, I don't even think we have two weeks on that, and so it's really is too early to tell. That's an area that we have very high expectations for. It's a great geologic target, and I think that we have lots to learn in terms of well density there and certainly all the optimizations going on throughout our organization will be used in refining our next test, but that particular pilot, Drew, it really is too early to tell.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. Drew, this is John, and I'll just echo of what Tom just said. I mean, it is very early and the flowback of the wells are just now cleaning up. I'll just say, operationally, everything went just fine from a frac standpoint. Everything looked good, so we'll just  time will tell, as we flowing back and as we get enough data in hand and hopefully here in the near future, we've got to talk about them.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. One thing if I just tandem to, we're really fascinated. I mentioned in my opening remarks that it's two things we're seeing with a lot of these Wolfcamp wells. One is the enhanced well performance, but the other is the lower decline from our longer laterals and that's  I don't want that to be lost on observers. It's really a remarkable result, and it takes some time to watch that and see it stabilize. In fact, some wells we have that have been on for six months are still surprising us. And so, it's  we'll talk about it as soon as we can make conclusions.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: And I guess I'll follow-up with Tom. He's absolutely right, and that it's difficult  it's very difficult to really predict an ultimate EUR for some of these wells until a good four, five, six months out that we finally start seeing some form of decline, so we can then model what it's ultimately going to end up at. So, that's a good problem to have, quite frankly; but it just means it takes quite a while before we finally reach the point we feel really good about what that ultimate EUR will be for the well.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. The results are great, and I think they keeps surprising to the upside. I guess, it kind of begs the question of how do you progress through this completion design evolution? You have obviously a ton of projects that you want to execute on, and it seems like the more and more you test bigger and more complex completions, you keep getting much, much more return than the capital you put in. So, how is the  what's your strategy for reaching that optimal well design to quickest?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, one is pick up the pace in our capital and that's a significant reason and justification why we decided to keep five rigs going and accelerate our completions just gives us more laboratories. And I'm very proud of our organization and the degree of innovation that they're undertaking. We study our competitors hard. I think you all know us well enough not be surprised by that statement. But it's also strength of Cimarex to be in two of the most active basins in the country, to be in the Delaware Basin and the stack play means that we have two independent laboratories and we can draw and bring best practices from one play to another. And that has also been a really big part of our success and we're just getting warmed up there. We have lots of things in our list to try, and many of them are things that have been tried in one basin but haven't been tried in the other.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: And, this is John, I think the only other comment I'd make is we put a lot of debate internally on these frac design changes and we involve all disciplines when it comes to that and then we measure ourselves quickly. Like you've pointed out, there's incremental capital involved that does drive up our overall total cost. And so, we're asking ourselves, what type of improvement justifies this, what should we be looking for early in the life of these wells that say, this is a good investment decision, keep moving forward with it. And quite frankly, once we achieve that, in the middle, we're asking ourselves, okay, can we go even further, what's next. And that's what I'm kind of proud of is that we are not resting on our laurels here. And as much as I really love the landscape right now, what we've achieved and what it looks like from a rate of return perspective, we are not going to just sit pat and say, okay, this is it; we're going to keep pushing. Because there is still so much that we're learning about these rocks and these frac designs that and I still think there's a lot of potential there.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Will Derrick from SunTrust. Please go ahead with your question.
Will C. Derrick - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Nice quarter. I guess, first question, looking at the stack and everything you got going around there and Canadian County specifically, curious what your thoughts on those initial wells are and what your plans are for activity going forward there?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Will, this is John. I guess you're referencing in particular Canadian County where we have drilled a number of Meramec wells, including the latest one we just talked about, which is our Sims well. That area, I would just say, has been a little bit more of a challenge for the Meramec than necessarily, say, more of the Blaine Kingfisher, but that's why we're really proud of that Sims result in that part of the play. I think that's also why we've decided to add a little bit more capital because now we feel a little bit better about that area, but it's also one that's going to take a little bit more drilling as we get more comfortable with landing zone and frac design. And again, I want to stress that, there is no one recipe here in the Meramec, say, in one area that works best across the whole play. We're definitely changing things up and adapting to results. And again, I'll just emphasize, that's why we really like that Sims result. That one really has given us a little bit more  definite more encouragement toward that part of the Meramec play.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's really a changing story. (28:05) You hear us keep talking about the variability in the Meramec. Even around that Sims well, we had some results from us and some competitors that led us to think, oh, should we drill this well or not. And we tried some different things and it's a stunning and surprisingly positive result, and that tells us, you know what, it's not over until it's over. This Meramec really is a function of landing zone and completion design and that section has lots of surprises left and, thus far, surprise in the upside.
Will C. Derrick - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Could you quantify the differences in completion that you've had in Blaine County versus on the Sims well?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John, and I'm going to  in broad brush strokes, maybe, the differences, clearly there is always the amount of sand we pump. There are going to be differences in the cluster design, cluster spacing, and quite frankly, there's differences on whether or not we use diverters. And all of those are kind of in our bag of tricks to look at. I will just say right now, state that again, the Peterson design was way different than the Sims design, and what we're trying to do now is go out there and check on that, do a couple of more wells and see, does one work better in one area than one in the other and then we'll continue to progress from there.
Will C. Derrick - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead with your question.
Jason S. Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, everyone and congrats. Tom, I just wanted to ask on capital allocation. It looks like you guys have a  looks like a pretty good problem, given all your impressive results across multiple geographic areas. So just, how are you thinking about prioritization of capital by both geographic area and zone? And I guess what I'm getting at is what gets the first call and how do you rank your plays right now?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, It's a great question, Jason. And it is a challenge, and it's a pretty high class problem to have. We have two outstanding plays and we have outstanding acreage positions in both plays and acreage positions that allow for 10,000-foot long horizontal wells. You sum all that together and it's a real dilemma on how we allocate capital. Now, I will say as I've said in the past that some of our best well level returns are in the Bone Spring in the Delaware Basin, certainly the 10,000-foot long Wolfcamp wells are fantastic and getting better and, as John said, the Avalon is really roaring to compete heads up with everything I've just mentioned. I would say that Delaware at the well level rate of return is at the top of the pack, but that Anadarko story is evolving and not very far behind. If some of these new landing zones and new stimulations, if the Sims, Peterson, and some of the wells announced by our competitors, if these results are repeatable across large portion of our 115,000 Meramec acres, then it's going to really give us angst on how we allocate capital, because there is also science and delineation we want to do. So, we're always balancing what's the absolute high rate of return on our next investment, with looking 5, 10 years ahead, what information do we want and when do we want it. So, in terms of capital allocation, we are going ahead with three rigs in the Delaware and two rigs in the stack play. And we think both those rigs  both those programs are designed to give us a lot of information, both landing zone, completion optimization, and geological delineation. And so, we're fairly comfortable with that three-rig Delaware, two-rig Anadarko right now. If prices were to improve materially, I think it's a function of if oil or gas improves. But right now, the Delaware is probably the strongest voice for incremental capital, if we were to increase above and beyond that.
Jason S. Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Tom. And I guess my follow-up is, one thing you guys didn't really discuss in the prepared remarks was Reeves County, where the Cabinet State well also looks really, really strong and on a shorter lateral. So, can you maybe just talk about that well, what you guys did and does that maybe drive you guys to flock more toward shorter laterals in that play?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John. Yeah, shame on me, the Cabinet State is an outstanding well and we're very, very pleased with that result. And the reality is, I wish I could have made it a 10,000-foot lateral, but that particular case, we were landlocked to where to hold that acreage was a 5,000-foot lateral. And in that particular play, we clearly, in our own minds, had demonstrated the uplift to going to 10,000-foot lateral. So, just imagine, taking the Cabinet State and taking it 10,000-foot lateral, it would be even that much better. I think what you're also seeing at Cabinet State is again, and Tom does a nice job of talking about this, just us leveraging frac design changes, say, in the Upper Wolfcamp and Culberson over to Reeves and back and forth, and that's a good example. Along with we have our major development there next to the Big Timber, where we're about to start fracking with the Wood wells. We're clearly taking that frac design that we implemented over on the Upper Wolfcamp pilot there over to those wells. So, we're seeing really good results there throughout that part of Reeves County, and we're very excited about it, and we got a lot of drilling to do there for the remainder of this year and the next year. And then finally, when I think about it, the things also that's changing there and we talk a lot about is landing zone. We are definitely getting much more comfortable in Reeves as to where we want land those wells, and I think it's leading to the kind of results you're seeing as well. So, it's kind of combination  kind of sounds like a broken record, but both frac uplift and landing zone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, and Jason, the true answer to that is, this has been a real active week for earnings release amongst our competitors and we're sensitive that you all are living on one hour of sleep and Red Bull, so we decided to keep our prepared remarks short.
Jason S. Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate that and congrats again, guys. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell from Tuohy Brothers. Please go ahead with your question.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning, and congratulations on the strong quarter. Regarding the Avalon, can it attract a rig to itself in 2017 or does it need to be part of a more regional strategy?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John. I got a lot of people in Midland who'd love to have a rig on the Avalon and, again, we have certain priorities that we need to meet no matter what. We still have acreage we need to hold in the Wolfcamp, and that will clearly be something we will fund. But I will tell you, this well result has definitely caused us to ask what's next, and I would not be surprised if we go back up on that acreage and push the envelope again in terms of our stimulation design and with a long lateral. That's the one thing I think, next step we'd like to take in the Avalon is get a long lateral under our belt with this type of stimulation and then really see what kind of rate of returns we can achieve. And then probably the next step for us is then spacing. We've already announced before that we did spacing pilots in the past in the Avalon. We feel very good at eight wells per section for an individual interval. And again, there are multiple intervals in the Avalon. We probably won't (35:48) need to go out there and test tighter spacing, but we're also blessed that we have a lot of competitors in and around our HBP acreage who are doing just that. So, we're not in a vacuum there. So, we'll learn a lot from looking across the fence, but yeah, I think it's safe to say we'll at least get a little bit more capital, at least I'm going to argue for that, for some wells next year to test further within that play next year.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Thank you. That was good color. I'd like to ask a little bit broader question for my follow-up. I was wondering what the Meramec updip versus downdip drilling strategy might be over, say, 2017 and 2018 and to what extent, if any, this might be influenced by the multi-zone potential that you showed on slide 21?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. As far as  let me just address first updip, downdip. I mean that's a nice little display we put out there, but in no way does that influence where we go with the rig. Right now, honestly, that rig is going to HBP acreage. The two rigs that are remaining the rest of this year, as well as going into next year is earmarked to holding the acreage and some of that acreage is both updip and some of it is downdip. Again, what's nice is we are achieving very good returns in both areas that we want to justify that capital, which is why we're keeping the two rigs. So, I don't know that we make a huge distinction to shift in terms of that, in terms of where we would send the rig because, again, we're trying to hold acreage. And then  I'm sorry, what was your second part of that. I'm sorry it was what?
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Well, I guess, really, what I was really thinking is, I mean, sort of thinking simplistically and trying to look at what a greater number of wells over the play as a whole. It seems like the updip tends to be oiler than the downdip, but the Alma pilot is pretty impressive. You got a pretty impressive work out there and I'm wondering if there's any influence from having two zones producing there as opposed to, say, targeting the Meramec kind of theoretically oiler area?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, all I'll say there is, there is a lot of spacing pilots that are being drilled by us and our competitors. I think at last count, they were 10 of them, I believe. And quite frankly, we have an interest in most of them, so we'll be a avid watcher of those results as well as our own pilot, that we'll be starting completions on here soon. I don't know that we ourselves fully understand the full stack potential of this play, I guess, to use that acronym. We just don't know yet. We feel pretty good where we put our Leon-Gundy that there's enough thickness there to justify the two layers within the Meramec with the one layer in the Woodford and we're very  we have high expectations for that pilot. Beyond that, I don't know how much more you can go beyond that and time will tell, and as  and then you can also argue how will it vary based on maybe that's what you're driving at versus the hydrocarbon component that is, as I get into more oiler window, can I stack more or not or vice versa. Those are things we just don't know yet for this play.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. There is a lot of variables here: updip, downdip, oil, gassy pressure, non-pressure. We will study every well on the trend and I will tell you that we keep a fairly evergreen list where we look at every well and rank them by the rate of return. And we focus on the rate of return. And that's what we're going for. And so, we've talked in the past, we have a bias towards pressure, we have a bias towards deliverability, but our real bias is towards rate of return. And if we were to look at rate of return, this map would be contoured little differently, and we're pretty excited about the potential for us.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Thank you. I appreciate. That's great color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pearce Hammond from Simmons Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Thanks. And Tom, with these very strong well results, do you see this lowering your threshold oil and gas price necessary to move beyond five rigs, if you wanted to add some? So, essentially, if that oil number, say, was $50 as it move down to $45 or likewise on gas, as it move, say, to below $3, just want to get your thoughts around that?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, that's a great question. And I'll say this, certainly, this is a evolving story and you can go back what we said a quarter ago or two quarters ago and the world's changed just in the last three or six months. Certainly with our performance improvements, our cost reductions, and certainly, LOE reduction is really important part of the story. Our breakeven cost have come way down and that's through both in Anadarko and in the Delaware Basin. So I will say that Cimarex looks pretty, pretty good in the mid-$40s, $2.50 to $3.00 gas environment. We have tremendous returns throughout our portfolio and we are achieving fully burdened results that are historically high within our program. So, it's not much  in answering your question, it's not so much about price as it is stability. We want to manage our balance sheet, we watch our cash flow, and we are absolutely committed to be disciplined and keep the health of this company second to none. And so, what we're looking for isn't necessarily an absolute price signal as it is price stability. And ramping up our capital as we did is probably, to us, a strong vote of confidence on our assets. And we think that if prices were to stable at $45 and the $2.50 to $3.00 gas range, we've got a great landscape ahead of us. And I've said in the past, we're not waiting for the rescue boat to save us, our challenge to organization was to figure out how to make a living in this environment, and I will say that our organizations respond to that call in every way, both in increased well performance and decreased cost in lease operating. So, we're in pretty good shape if we see stability.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Excellent. Thank you. That's excellent color. And then my follow-up is just to make sure I heard this correctly in the prepared remarks. So, you're targeting 15% growth in oil production from Q2 to Q4 and that's based on your acceleration?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, that was my foot in my mouth. Joe said 12% to 17%.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: You're in the middle.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's the midpoint of our range. But Joe, why don't you handle that?
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: Yeah. That is quite simply a byproduct of a CNR, our infill project in the Permian come on here in Q3 and in Q4, as well as the oil that's associated with our Anadarko Basin completions. Now, the real wildcard there is the timing because in late Q3, early Q4, we've got a fair number of wells scheduled to come on and a week or two slip here can really impact those numbers. But the way we forecasted it, we could be anywhere from 12% to 17% higher combined in our total oil production.
Pearce Hammond - Simmons Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Magee from GMP Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
James Magee - GMP Securities LLC: Good morning, everyone. Congrats on the quarter. I appreciate all the color you've provided on the production differences between the short and long laterals in the stack. And I know it's still fairly early on, but I was wondering if you think there will be any material differences in overall returns between the longer laterals and the deeper overpressure window versus the more shallow regular pressure window? And if you think the longer lateral seem to make sense in both areas?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. I guess I'll take a stab at that. In general, we do believe that incremental capital you spend on a longer lateral is well worth it relative to the rate of return we achieve, and we've demonstrated that throughout our portfolio. But again it's fair to say, the majority of our portfolio is in pressured rock and that's where most of our experience. We do not have a lot of experience in drilling long laterals in lower pressured  close to normal pressured type rocks. And something else also happens, we talk a lot about this. Once you move up in that normal pressure part of the play, more oilier play, you're also talking about a part of the play where it's shallower, so your cost to get there, the vertical part of it is very inexpensive. You don't need that extra string of pipe, you drill it very quickly. And a lot of times when we think about long laterals, we love them because it's pretty expensive for us to get there, to get to the target, so once we're there, we want to stay there as long as we can. In fact, I would argue our drilling department wants to know why we stop at 10,000 feet and, in some ways, internally, we talk about that. But the big difference is when you go updip, it's pretty cheap to get down there, to get to the zone. So, then you got to ask yourself, operationally, does that extra 5,000 feet really gain you a lot or not. And we just don't have a lot of experience with that, I'll be honest with you. All our experience have been in the pressure, but we're watching it very, very carefully ourselves. As Tom said, we're always looking across the fence and asking ourselves maybe, maybe in that shallow where normal pressure, maybe 5,000 feet is a better way to go than 10,000 feet. I don't know that answer right now; we'll see over time.
James Magee - GMP Securities LLC: Perfect. Thanks for the response.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Hall from Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead with your question.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks very much. Congrats on a solid quarter. I guess  just curious, looking at the 4Q exit, the 4Q  implied 4Q rate, just thinking about that level as well as the commentary around the oil growth to the fourth quarter. What sort of activity levels would you say are required to keep those levels at least flat, as we look towards 2017? And is your anticipation at this point given the current strip that you would actually still be pressing to grow those levels?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Mark, why don't you handle that.
Mark Burford - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah. Hey, Michael. This is Mark. It's a little early for 2017, put too much guidance around 2017, but as we've now changed our plans and going from three or five rigs, staying at five rigs through the remainder of the second half of 2016. As you go into 2017, the five to seven rigs I would call is a pretty good place, we could be flat to growing slightly into 2017. Again, lots of work still needs to be done. We still need to get comfortable with where the commodities are at and all those kind of caveats, Michael. But five  we're exiting in a very good pace into 2017, and I think a five- to seven-rig program would keep us flat or grow slightly.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: Yeah. This is Joe. What I might elaborate on there is that our Q4 projection puts us at a pretty high level company-wise going into 2017. So, there's a couple of ways of looking at it. On a year-over-year comparison, certainly what Mark's talking about is doable, but we're going to get these oscillated production profiles with a lot of these infill projects. So, for us, it always, and we talked about this in I think our first quarter call, a lot of these perceptions that your exit rate has a lot to do with what your next year's average is going to be, I think we all need to take a little bit of caution in that because we're going to see highs and lows and highs and lows as some of these big projects come on line.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: One of the challenges we face is we're in a constant inflection point with quality in our assets and also, as Joe said, timing. Truth of the matter is, we're just not that good a forecasters on things that are difficult to forecast and improved well performance is the biggest of them all. But with our asset quality, we had the wind at our backs on that. So, we're pretty optimistic as we look ahead.
Mark Burford - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Great. That's helpful color. I appreciate it. I guess my follow-up, just kind of bigger picture, you have a pretty compelling slide there, I think it was slide 30 or so where you outlined the progression of proppant loading over time. I'm just curious, as we think about a reacceleration of activity from the industry over the coming years, I guess, in theory anyway, if oil prices go up. How would you think about proppant loading as cost inflation comes back into the picture, meaning, is it harder to carry such high proppant loads without the big benefit of cost inflation that we've seen from the cyclical pressure, that make sense?
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: Yeah. This is Joe. I'm not sure I fully understand the question, are you saying as far as availability.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Like, would you not have increased proppant loading to the extent that you have were it not for the cyclical benefit you've gotten from improved pricing from service vendors, such that as things move the opposite way and, theoretically, we expect some inflation down the road, will proppant loading be an area where you would reduced well costs going  at some point in the future. You know what I'm saying by that?
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: I think so. With regard to well cost, we have been very fortunate that the market has been such that we've been able to increase our job sizes at the same time, that our total overall cost had come down. As an example, if you just look at Q2 versus Q1, in Q2, we prompt about, as a company, 21% more fluid and 12% more sand, yet our per well frac cost was maybe down 10%.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Right.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: It all comes down to what John just said earlier, it's going to be a matter of the economics. So, if these prices do creep up or the cost do creep up, we're always going to be looking at for that job, what will it cost, what are the results we expect to achieve pumping that job and does it merit going at the larger job or should we deviate somewhere plus or minus from there in design. So, it's kind of a tough question to answer other than to tell you that we're constantly looking at current cost, we're constantly working hard to keep them low and we're constantly focused on rate of return.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. That's a last point I want to jump in on. Joe does a great job of tracking  just yesterday, we were looking at our total well cost as measured by cents per pound of sand that we're pumping and it's remarkable how far that's come in the last couple of years. But we've got the right lands and I'm very confident we have the right lands and after-tax rate of return. And so, yes, in answer to your question, some of the aggressiveness that we've had in adding to our proppant load certainly has been facilitated by how low our cost structure has been, and if we have pressure either through commodity pricing or service cost, we're going to look at that on a rate of return basis and try to find the optimal solution. We don't look at production rates and say, the highest production rate is our best solution. We always, always, at Cimarex, look at rate of return on the investment it required. So, I have a lot of confidence in free markets. If market forces cause us to find a different path forward, I think our focus on rate of return is exactly the way to navigate that.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: That's super helpful color. Appreciate it. Congrats, again.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Guffey from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question. Mr. Guffey, your line is live. Is it possible your phone is on mute?
Daniel Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi, guys. Sorry about that. Congrats on a good quarter. And for, Tom and John, I guess I'm curious, you guys have drilled a Meramec well in the oil window. In Kingfisher also, you've gone all the way down on the gas window in the southwest portion of the play, and then obviously in between the two extremes. I guess, Tom, based on the running list of operated, non-operating results and then the associated rates of return for all of those wells, what portion of the play do you feel consistently is at the top of the list based on rate of return?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll  yeah, I'll answer that and then John will jump in. As you look on slide 21, certainly, there is a little area where a lot of stars cluster. It's right about where our pilot project, has the arrow going through. It's near the Alma pilot. It's nearly on Gundy pilot. That is a tremendous little sub-area within the play. Cimarex has some outstanding wells in there, other operators do as well. And that's certainly a really, really attractive part of the play, comparing the play overall. Now, I will say, if you go up to where we've got our Peterson well, that is emerging as really, really nice part of the play. Similarly, you've seen the Peterson results. I will say, we're very pleased with our acreage position. Our team's done a nice job of building a position up there, so we have really, really nice exposure there. But, John, do you want to comment about the play in general?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Just to follow up what Tom said, early on, that kind of intersection of the three counties there, Kingfisher, Blaine, Canadian. We had a number, as well as our competitors had a number of really good wells. And that area still holds up as a very good area. But without a doubt, this more Western Blaine area, where our Peterson well is, and some of our competitors' wells have recently come on, it's starting to rise right up to the top there. It's an interesting area. And I'm really, really proud of our team, because that's an area where early on in this play, we got out there and grabbed some really good acreage at a really good price. That's really given us that nice yellow position we have there, where the Peterson well is located. So, that's kind of, in a broad way, where most of the best returns that we see so far. But I don't think this story is done. I think there's still  I'm fascinated every day another well comes on, and we are surprised. Just the other day, another well came on, an area that we didn't think would be that prospective. And we are quickly looking at it and asking ourself, okay, what's going on there? So, there's a lot of chapters of this story left to play out here in the Meramec for sure.
Daniel Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks for the details. I guess, as a follow-up, since you mentioned it, can you kind of walk through the geologic differences between where that good Peterson well was and the Alma pilot, and what you know today? I understand its evolving, but kind of where you're at today?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: It's just kind of hard to describe. You are in a little bit different geologic setting for the Peterson, where you are with the Alma. You're in a little bit thicker part of the Meramec with the Alma than you are in the Peterson. You're more in a  what we call, a more updip position. But  and yet, we are seeing some really good frosty (55:45) development, in and around that Peterson area, which is leading to these really high IP rates we're seeing and leading to the kind of results. So, you may be sacrificing a little bit. I don't see that as a stack, meaning, multi-layer area in Peterson versus say our Leon-Gundy or even Alma area, but you're not as thick. But boy, the rock looks pretty good there though.
Daniel Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, I guess, Tom in the past, you  and on this call as well, talked about Meramec variability. I guess, after the two new successful results and a flurry of successful competitor wells, I'm just curious, how has your thoughts evolved on variability across the play? And, I guess, obviously, you have increased confidence with adding a second rig in there. But expectations in terms of variability as you move to different areas of the play, how have those changed and evolved, I guess, since last quarter, and then really since last year?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, we still see the Meramec as highly variable. Perhaps one of the evolutions is that we think you have a great chance of overcoming that variability with landing zone and proper stimulation. One of the things that, I think, we've learned in the last year is that you cannot settle on a landing zone and carry that six miles or eight miles, and land the well in that same stratigraphic interval and expect comparable results. That said, what we're finding is the Meramec, because it is a series of prograding wedges, if you put yourself in a different wedge and find the right landing zone, you can find that you can overcome that variability. So, yeah, we still see it as a highly variable play. I think, there were some announcements out of our competitors that suggested that. But we're soldiering on, and we really like it. John, you want to add to that?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. I think, what it means is, we are getting more comfortable with the variability and how we adapt to it. And then change the recipe, so to speak, in each area. I think, what  really, in our vernacular, what it means is we will tear it differently. We'll have some areas  there will be a certain part that we'll look at it from a way we want to drill it and frac it, and other areas will be different. It's not like our  I would argue, our Woodford shale, it's a very consistent frac design, we wanted to pull it across all of that shale. It's a very homogeneous interval. That's not true in the Meramec. In the Meramec, you've got to adjust. And I think, over time, we're understanding what's required to get the kind of returns that we like across the breadth of our acreage. And again, the story will continue to evolve. And I am sure, based on what I'm seeing, I think our results will continue to get better, as we get better understanding of this rock, and what's going on here.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And I think, it's important, we're speaking for Cimarex here.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yes.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And some of our own style is overprinted on this. I think some of our competitors have spoken about it as being a more uniform play. And we don't mean to contradict that. I just  they may be talking about different issue than we are. If you're saying it's a play where over broad areas it's developing top-tier economic returns over broad areas, you can drill and get really good results on average, yeah, it's a fairly uniform play. But I'll contrast the Meramec with the Woodford Shale. The Woodford Shale, we  fairly early on and particularly with our new stimulations got to a point where we think we understand the regional consistency. We can drill a well anywhere in our asset and fairly, accurately predict the yield. And we're fairly comfortable at a fairly high level making decisions. When we go to the Meramec, I will tell you that John and I get pretty into the weeds on looking at that stratigraphy, looking at landing zones, talking about completion styles, because it is very variable. And as far into this as we are, it is still, in our opinion, a fascinating and challenging scientific project.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: I agree. We have very stimulating meetings with every Meramec well we drill. And there is  every Meramec well, in some ways, we  there is no one template. We  every one, it's different, and how we landed is different, how we fracked it. And I think that's going to continue for quite a while here until, finally, we settle in, in different areas or tiers as to what's best practice. And I thought we're getting there. And I think that's what you're hearing from us, is that we're getting more confident in how to plan those wells now going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum from KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your question.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, Tom, John, and Mark. Curious, I saw the  with the rig addition this year, in the past, you guys have kind of outlined goals, and you alluded to that before of how quickly you want to learn some of these things. I guess, one, and this is really kind of a two part question, is the five rigs  does the five rigs sort of adequately answer what you would like to learn in early 2017, if not, what sort of shortfall is there? And two, how do you sort of marry that now? I don't see incremental activity going to the Cana just yet, and you do have a premium gas asset now with the strip well above the three into 2017. How do you marry an asset that's ready for full field development with attractive economics now versus trying to find all this knowledge in your other plays?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. Well, it certainly keeps us busy trying to juggle everything you just described. In regards to Cana, I'm just going to tell you. I'm extremely excited for our future drilling activity in Cana from the standpoint of the kind of returns especially now that we look at it as a long lateral development. And, again, keep that in mind, everything up-to-date in Cana has been 5,000 feet. But given the continuity of our acreage, we along with our AMI partner, Devon, have  we, together, are starting to have those discussions over long lateral development. And indeed, I think you'll hear from us in the coming quarters start talking more about where that next development will take place for us. This road we're about to bring on is pretty exciting. It's more liquid rich part of the Cana-Woodford Shale. I'm also excited, because our partner there, Devon, has drilled two-mile laterals, so we'll get a chance to see those in a development phase, how they look. And we have a wonderful position between the two of us, just north of that, that we call the 13-8 area that we definitely see a long lateral development. It's just a question of the two of us coming together at some point and planning that out. And then, we'll see when that starts. So, you're absolutely right. Cana looks very good, but it's also a matter of how do you get that funded versus everything else that we're trying to answer in the Meramec and in the Wolfcamp and every other play we have. The other comment I want to make real quick is, we really did a lot early in this year with our spacing pilots. And yes, we don't have a lot to talk about them just yet. But we put a lot of capital early in the year in these pilots, in the Wolfcamp, and in the Meramec. And that's really going to set us up very well for the coming years when we start moving to full-scale development, where we get the kind of confidence to deploy those large amount of capital, say, in the Wolfcamp or in the Meramec, like we are already today for the Woodford. And that's just going to put even more pressure on Tom to open up the first stream and let us spend more money, as we get there.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: David, just to add on to what John said, we are really high in the Woodford. And you're right in your observation that wait a minute, what about the Woodford? It's a good question. But part of the way that we are honoring the quality of the Woodford is we need to understand that Meramec, so that when we develop out here, we really exploit this resource in the most prudent fashion. We have to understand how many landing zones we have. We have to understand the full potential of the Meramec. The thing we absolutely do not want to do is go into Cana-Woodford development, and then find out that the Meramec was left behind. And that if we come in and get it later, we have a real projection interference and disruption. So, part of our aggressiveness in testing the Meramec is to set ourselves up for co-development between the Woodford and the Meramec, and we still have a lot of things to learn. So, we're high on the Woodford, probably higher today than we've ever been.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yes.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Appreciate all the color, guys.
Operator: And our final question for today comes from Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, gents. I had just a couple, very quick questions. But can you give us some more details on the eastern core infill development? I know, it's now going to come online or start fracking in September, how many wells is that, then you could talk a little bit about the completion design around that program?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, as I said earlier, it's  for us, it's 47 gross wells, 22 net wells. And we operate the western-most two sections. We will be coming into it with one frac crew in September. Devon will  matching up with one frac crew. Very quickly, we'll then have two frac crews to finish up our two sections. And then Devon, I think, has plans to bring in a second frac crew a little bit later in the year, so they can get theirs done , although I think, theirs extends into next year. I'm not sure  I don't recall, does it Mark?
Mark Burford - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah. I think, it does Joe, yeah.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: I can also tell you that when we look at it, it is definitely more liquid-rich than, say, what we experienced in our previous drill development. In fact I asked the team the other day, when we hit peak production  the net production we expect off that row at peak will be at about 49% gas, 34% NGLs and 17% oil, so kind of on a gas liquid basis, it's almost a 50-50 split. And so, again, that's why we're very encouraged. We think we're going to get very good returns out of this row. And then as far as the completion itself, I think, Devon, himself, will speak to their wells, but for our wells, we are moving forward with the design that we deployed on the Armacost section. I think, if you refer to page 30, we talked about that, where we were up at 3,500 pounds per foot. We really, really liked the results from the Armacost. In fact, we don't  we didn't even talk much about that, but we have a really nice slide showing how Armacost wells are behaving, just as well as our other sections. And yet, we put an additional well within that section, new well. So, we're able to get an extra well, and yet still get similar results, meaning we're more reserves per section, out of that section. So, we feel really good about that frac design, and that's what we intend on using going forward on our two operated sections.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's a great color. And just my final question, obviously, an expanding opportunity set when you think about the Avalon. As you think about you Delaware Basin position, do you have a sense of how much of your acreage could be prospective for the Bone Spring, Avalon, and the Wolfcamp?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: You mean all three targets?
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Exactly.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All three targets within the same...
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Sure.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: (01:08:00)
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: I would tell you that, certainly, all acreage that we allude to on slide 17, as far as the 13,700 net acres of Avalon, have already Bone Spring, in fact, a lot of them already have Bone Spring wells on them that we've drilled in the past, some of them do. And, certainly, have Wolfcamp potential as well  without a doubt have Wolfcamp potential. And so, that area alone, and in that part of Lee County definitely has all three zones and is not just limited to just three zones. There are multiple zones within each of those, both in the Wolfcamp and the Avalon, and potentially in the Bone Spring. So, it's a very, very target-rich acreage position we have there, that again, if HBP is not going anywhere, and yet we recognize that there's a lot of potential there on that acreage. And again, this latest Avalon well just shows that.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a lot for your comments.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Arun.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we've reached the end of the allotted time for today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I just want to thank everybody for joining us. I know it's been a busy week. And we appreciate your support and hope to continue to deliver good results in future calls. So, thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your telephone lines.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP G. Mark Burford - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President
Analysts: Pearce Hammond - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Will C. Derrick - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Daniel Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator: Welcome to the Cimarex Energy First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. I would now like to turn the conference over to Karen Acierno, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Acierno, please go ahead.
Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations: Thanks, Rocco. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on the call this morning. So, yesterday afternoon, an updated presentation was posted to our website. We will be referring to this presentation during our call today. And as a remainder our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss today. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K and other filings and news releases for the risk factors associated with our business. So today's prepared remarks will begin with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden, followed by an update on our drilling activities and results from John Lambuth, our VP of Exploration. And then Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on our operations, including production and well costs. Our CFO Mark Burford is also present to help answer any questions. And as Rocco said, we want to try and keep everybody to one question and one follow-up, so that we can get everybody in the question queue and you can feel free to jump back in if you have another question. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Karen. And thanks to everyone who's participating in today's conference call. We sincerely appreciate your interest and look forward to your questions during the question-and-answer portion of the call. On the call today, John will walk us through our recent results and describe our progress on some of the delineation projects that we have underway. Joe will follow John with an operational overview including some of the significant steps we have taken to improve field efficiencies. As we've described in the past calls, owning to the timing of our delineation projects, many of the significant results from our 2016 delineation program will come and fits and starts this year. Rest assured our organization is hard at work during this downturn: necessity is the mother of invention. I'd like to open the call with some brief overview remarks regarding our direction in 2016 and beyond. As always our focus will be on results. We reported a strong production beat this quarter driven by improved well performance. Our total company production came in at 973 million cubic feet equivalent per day for the first quarter, which exceeded the high end of our guidance. Expenses came in within guidance, resulting in the strong quarter overall. Gas production was up, our oil production was down slightly. As we had forecasted this was due to fewer well completions in the Permian Basin, due to the timing of our delineation projects. We expect to pick up the pace on our Permian completions during the remainder of the year. We also reported a modest increase in our 2016 capital budget. This is the result of the completions of our East Cana-Woodford infill program being pushed forward from 2017 into 2016. The application of bigger, more effective stimulations across the board and greater than anticipated working interest in both our own wells and in partner operated wells. With the results that we're seeing we're delighted to have the increased exposure. Since our last call, we've seen a bit of breathing room in commodity prices, as a result, we're accelerating some of the Permian completion activity that was delayed due to the plant outages this winter. As you'll also hear during the call, our focus on science and innovation continues apace. We continue to experiment with more effective stimulations, primarily to the use of more profit, more stages, tighter cluster spacing and more clusters per stage and the use of diverter technology. This down cycle and associated decrease in activity is providing an ideal environment to focus on science and technology. We're also taking advantage of decreased service cost to experiment and improve our methodologies. We've also made great strides in reducing our cost structure. The organization is undergoing a concerted effort to lower G&A through voluntary retirements that lead to head count reductions, reducing contract and consultant services and optimizing work efficiencies, particularly in the field. Finally, before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to comment on our thoughts as we look ahead. In 2015, we said that our challenge was to get our program to a point where it was sustainable, where we were living within cash flow and had a capital program and a cost structure that was appropriate for the new normal. In our last call, we told you that our challenge in 2016 was to preserve our assets, preserve our balance sheet and preserve our organization. I am pleased to tell you that we're on track with both sets of goals. As we look ahead of the current strip, we modeled at Cimarex that lives within cash flow and is able to get back on a growth trajectory in the years ahead. We have best-in-class assets and we will be able to preserve our prime leasehold with our current program. Our organization is effective, focused and hard at work, generating new opportunities. Our balance sheet provides the flexibility and strength that will keep Cimarex at the forefront in a highly competitive landscape. We don't know where commodity prices are headed, but we don't expect to return to the price levels of 2014 anytime soon. Margins will be challenged, cost structures will be paramount, and asset quality, and organizational effectiveness will be the differentiator. It's always been a tough business, and things won't be any easier as we move ahead. Our focus is on performance and results. Although further price recovery would be warmly welcomed, we are in great shape, and look ahead with conviction that our value creation proposition is alive and well. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John to provide further color on our program.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Thanks, Tom. I'll start with a quick recap of our drilling activity in the quarter, before getting into some of the specifics of our latest results, and more color on our 2016 plans. Cimarex invested $158 million on the exploration and development during the first quarter, about 55% was invested in the Permian region, with the rest going towards activities in Mid-Continent region. Companywide, we've brought 22 gross, five net wells on production during the quarter. Despite the small number of wells completed during the quarter, Cimarex had an average of 10 operated rigs running during the quarter. These rigs were busy finishing the drilling of infill wells, and the Woodford shale, as well as drilling spacing pilots in both the Delaware Basin, and the Mid-Continent. That activity is winding down, and a majority of our contracted drilling rigs will be rolling off by July. By August, we plan to be down to three operated rigs. In the Delaware Basin, you may recall that we spud a down spacing pilot in the upper Wolfcamp in Culberson County in the fourth quarter of 2015. We are finished with the drilling portion of these wells, and completions are scheduled to begin in mid May. First production is now expected by midyear. This six well, 7,500-foot lateral pilot will test two different spacing designs. One at eight wells per section, while the other will test six wells per section, both will be drilled in a staggered pattern. Cimarex continues to push the envelope on well completions. On page 12 of our presentation, we've shown you the uplift, using a 40% larger completion on these Upper Wolfcamp wells, which equates to 1,640 pounds of sand per foot. We are about to take that a step further on using even larger design to complete this six well pilot. Incorporating 2,500 pounds of sand per lateral foot, these pilot wells will have 44% more sand pump, than the largest completed wells we've had to date, as shown on page 12. We are currently drilling also, our Lower Wolfcamp infill project, which we call Tim Tam. This 10,000 foot spacing pilot is comprised of five wells, which will be drilled in a stacked/staggered pattern testing six wells per section. We believe, the success we've had with larger completions in the upper Wolfcamp should easily translate to the Lower Wolfcamp. If I wave an example, page 13 in our presentation illustrates the uplift we've seen with a larger completion on a 10,000 foot Upper Wolfcamp well. We have also just finished operations on our largest Lower Wolfcamp completion to date, a well we call the Flying Ebony, where we pumped 2,400 pounds of sand per foot. The production data from this well, along with the larger completions we're doing in the Upper Wolfcamp, will provide us critical data for the design of future completions, including the Tim Tam wells, which are scheduled to be completed in the second half of 2016. For the remainder of 2016, the vast majority of the capital that we will spend in the Permian will be earmarked for acreage obligations across our Wolfcamp position in both Culberson and Reeves County. The total capital ascribed to acreage holding in the Delaware Basin is just over $200 million in 2016. Part of this obligation drilling will include six two mile long infill wells in Reeves County, which recently commenced drilling. Similar to our Anaconda pilot, these wells will be drilled using a stacked/staggered pattern resulting in equivalent of 12 wells per section. Once drilling is completed on this section, we will be down to two operated rigs in the Permian for the remainder of the year. Now on to the Mid-Continent. You will recall that we began drilling the latest Woodford development project on the east side of the Cana core in the fourth quarter 2015. This development covers six sections of which Cimarex operates two sections. Due to some last minute changes in working interest, this infill project now consists of 47 gross, 22 net wells. Drilling is nearly finished and completion of these wells have been moved up. It is now scheduled for early October versus the first quarter 2017. This change in scheduling was a contributing factor in our $50 million increase in capital expenditures for 2016. And our emerging Meramec play, we now have production data on 18 operated 5,000 foot laterals. Also, our third 10,000 foot lateral in the Meramec has been on production since early January. Located in Blaine county, this well called the Dakota Carol 1H-2722X had a 30-day peak IP rate of 10.8 million cubic feet equivalent per day including 951 barrels of oil per day. That results in a condensate yield of around 278 barrels per million. Page 21 of the presentation illustrates the average uplift, we've seen from the three long laterals in the Meramec versus the 5,000 foot laterals drilled to date. They have outperformed the shorter laterals by 62% within  by 120 days. While we are very encouraged by the initial uplift in IP that we're seeing in these 10,000-foot laterals, we continue to carefully monitor the decline profile in order to determine the ultimate EURs for these long laterals. To better understand the multi-zone potential for this area, we have designed a downspacing pilot which commenced drilling in the fourth quarter 2015 and has just finished the drilling phase. See slide 22 for an illustration of the design. The eight new wells will be stacked and staggered in both the Meramec and Woodford formations. The spacing in the Meramec will be the equivalent of 10 wells per section made up of five upper and five lower staggered Meramec wells. The Woodford will be drilled with our standard nine wells per section development plan. Another Meramec spacing pilot operated by our partner Devon, was recently completed, and is in the early stages of flow-back. The results from this five wells per section pilot will strongly influence our completion plans for the stacked/staggered pilot. Once drilling is finished on the infill sections, we'll be focused on holding our Meramec acreage. As you know, in late 2014 we added 12,250 net acres in the Meramec at an average cost of $1,650 per acre. About $70 million of our capital would be invested in holding Meramec acreage in 2016. We currently have four rigs operating in the Mid-Continent region with plans to be down to one operated rig by July of this year. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: Well, thank you, John. And thank you all for joining us on our call today. I'll hit on the usual items, our first quarter production, our Q2 and full-year 2016 production outlook. And then I'll follow-up with a few comments on LOE and service cost. As Tom mentioned with the help of stronger than expected base property and new well performance, our first quarter volumes, came in slightly better than anticipated. Our reported total company net equivalent production of 973 million a day, beat our guidance projection of 925 million to 955 million a day and was up 3% from the 947 million a day that we posted in Q1 2015. As expected, facility disruptions and processing constraints in the Permian did negatively impact our Q1 production to the tune of approximately 30 million a day. Our first quarter equivalent Permian production came in at 477 million a day, down 43 million a day from Q4 2015. The decrease was expected and came as primarily a result of the facility downtime I just mentioned, as well as completing three net Permian wells in Q1 as compared to eight wells in the fourth quarter of 2015. With our Cana row four wells coming online in late Q4, we did anticipate a nice Mid-Continent posting during Q1 and we saw just that. With the wells exceeding our planned expectations, our Mid-Continent volumes came in at 493 million a day. That's up 7% from the 461 million a day we reported in the fourth quarter and 11% from the 444 million a day that we posted a year ago in Q1 2015. As we look forward into the remainder of this year, we've made a few changes to our completion schedule, including the addition of a frac crew in the Permian to help catch up on deferred completions from the downstream disruptions in Q1. And by advancing, as John mentioned, the timing of our Cana (15:47) completions to October of this year. With our stronger than expected Q1 results, and these completion timing adjustments, we've increased our full year total company equivalent production guidance to 940 million to 970 million a day, up about, at a midpoint basis, 45 million a day from our beginning year guidance of 890 million to 930 million. As compared to our original guidance, the acceleration of our Cana infill project, results in a significant decrease in the number of drilled but uncompleted wells on our books at the end of the year. Our current model now projects 32 gross and 9 net Mid-Continent wells waiting on completion at year-end; that compares to the 57 gross and 24 net wells that we anticipated we'd have awaiting completion earlier this year, when we issued our beginning year guidance. The acceleration not only boosts our 2016 total company guidance, but it increases our projected 2016 exit rate as well. With our new modeling, we now project our total company fourth quarter exit rate this year to be right in line with that of the 986 million a day that we posted back in the fourth quarter of 2015. In the Permian, the Q1 facility downtime and processing constraints resulted in us deferring approximately three net completions into the latter part of this year. With the processing constraints anticipated to now be behind us, our plans are to add a second completion crew to help catch up  that'll be here in May and into early June. And with the projected two rigs working the latter part of the year, as John mentioned, we're still forecasting approximately 50 gross and 30 net Permian wells to come online in 2016. That's flat with our previous estimates, but we've just really accelerated the pace here into Q2 and Q3. So as a result, our projected number of Permian drilled and uncompleted wells will in essence drop fairly quickly here from 34 gross and 21 net wells here in May to 10 gross and 9 net on the books by year-end. For Q2 2016, our projected guidance of $935 million to $965 million a day, reflects a drop in production from Q1 2016 levels, primarily as we await the scheduled Permian and Cana completion activity which is planned for Q3 and Q4. And to help provide you with some clarity on our projected completion timing through the year. We completed five net wells in Q1, we're forecasting approximately 13 net wells to be completed in Q2 with approximately 44 net wells projected to come on line in Q3 and Q4. So you can see the emphasis in the later quarters as far as our completion activity is concerned. Shifting gears to OpEx, our production group continue to make great strides during Q1 to further reduce our operating cost. Through their efforts, we realized additional and sizable cost reductions in items such as salt water disposal, compression, rentals and contract labor. As a result, our Q1 2016 lifting cost came in at $0.80 per Mcfe. That was at the low end of our guidance which was $0.80 to $0.90 per Mcfe, down 6.3% from our fourth quarter average of $0.85 and down 17% from the $0.96 we posted for the average in the first quarter of 2015. With our cost control efforts, we're projecting our 2016 lifting cost to continue to fall in the range of $0.80 to $0.90. I'd say we'll most likely be on the lower end of that range as we finish out the year. We're extremely proud of the efforts that our ops team has put forward to reduce our cost structure, all the while maintaining safe and efficient operations. Tom touched on this, not only is doing so so critical for us to be able to compete in this low product price environment, but our reduced OpEx is also freeing up capital for our drilling program, making us a more efficient operator. Since prices began falling back in 2014, on an absolute basis we've seen our total company monthly net operating expense drop about $5 million per month, which annualized equates to an additional $60 million that we can direct to our drilling program. And finally, a few comments on drilling and completion cost. Although most drilling cost components remained somewhat in check during Q1, we were able to realize some modest reductions in service costs on the completion side, primarily in the Permian. On the drilling side, we're keeping our focus on efficiencies as seen with our Q1 average Wolfcamp spud-to-rig release drill time, now down to 28 days as compared to 35 days in 2014. On the completion side; in addition to the modest service cost reductions I mentioned, mostly in the Permian, we placed a strong emphasis on reducing our water sourcing cost by challenging our team in the planning, engineering and operating efficiencies in that regard. The results of our efforts are just now beginning to make their way into our total well cost. As we continue to push the limit on our frac design and size, our completion costs will continue to dominate our total well cost, while we experiment with larger frac designs, many of our generic well AFEs still have stayed somewhat in check. An exception is the Wolfcamp, where both our drilling and completion efficiencies have reduced our generic two-mile lateral Culberson lower Wolfcamp AFE to a range of $10.2 million to $11.2 million. That's down 5% from the $10.8 million to $11.6 million range that we quoted last call and down 22% from where we were in late 2014. With last quarter's frac designs, our Cana core one-mile lateral wells, continue to run in a range of $6.6 million to $7 million, unchanged from the last call and down 16% to 17% from 2014, but with the larger frac designs that we're contemplating to be utilized here in Q3 2016, this range is likely to increase anywhere in a range of $500,000 to $600,000 per well. And in the Meramec, our current one-mile lateral AFE still in the range of $7 million to $7.4 million. Again that is unchanged from last call and down 13% from late 2014 and also here, if we employ larger fracs moving forward, we could see an additional $500,000 to $600,000 in these AFE as well. So in closing, we had another great quarter, we beat guidance, despite sizable downstream and weather disruptions. We've made significant strides further reducing our LOE, our drilling and completion group remains focused on cost efficiencies  reductions and efficiencies, and optimizing the results of our fracs and our teams are tightly focused on maximizing the productivity and profitability of our wells all the while we're optimizing our investment program results. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Pearce Hammond of Simmons/Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Pearce Hammond - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Good morning, and great quarter, guys. My first question is on slide 11, on the Culberson County Wolfcamp 10,000 foot laterals, the before tax IRR changed  moved higher significantly since your last update on this particular slide. I was just curious what was driving that significant change?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. There are several factors in there, the biggest driver is just an improvement in our type curve or expectation going forward. And that's really related to the  continually to increase our frac design on these wells. We have three wells now with this current design which I talked about earlier at the 1,640 pounds per foot and those wells have been long enough now that, what's really impressing us is quite frankly lack of decline. These wells come on and they tend to have a very long flat period to them. And we have enough time with those now that we've gained confidence in that type curve and that's led to a major change in our expectation for these wells going forward. I should also point out, though, as Joe mentioned, we actually have also in addition to that, seen some cost reduction in those wells. So, with all that, factored together, that's led to the improvement you're seeing there.
Pearce Hammond - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Excellent. Thank you for that color. And then my follow up and this grows out of slide number 20 in your presentation on the Meramec. But looks like you had some do well results there on the 5,000 foot lateral and then also the 10,000 foot lateral, looks like they were slightly weaker than some prior ones. Now, they may have had a bit of a higher oil cut. Just want to get some color on those recent well results in the Meramec.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John, again. Well, first thing I would say is, this is still an emerging play and for us, we're still out there doing both a combination of holding acreage, delineating acreage and testing frac design. And so, it's fair to say that some of the wells come in much better than expected and some come in less. We're still learning a lot in regards to these wells, and there's still a lot that we think we can change or improve upon to make these wells even better. So, yeah, there is some variability there, especially, I would point out yes, with our 10,000 foot lateral we just announced. It's also, well, I want to point out that we anticipated having a much higher yield than our previous two 10,000 foot laterals. And so, in that case, we did not flow it back as aggressively from a choke management standpoint. We were interested and with this one, particularly in seeing with choke management, how we could manage that yield. So for that well in particular I don't know that the 30-day rate is as important to us as say the 90 or 180 day rate in terms of the rate we're flowing that well back.
Pearce Hammond - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Great. That's very helpful. Thanks again and good quarter.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone. Great results. I was hoping you could speak to whether you can apply the same techniques you've used in the Wolfcamp A recently to the Wolfcamp D? And I know you said you're testing that with at least one well already, but does it have broader applications?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. We are very encouraged by what we're seeing coming out of the Upper Wolfcamp D wells, with this continuation of improving to frac design and that's why we indeed went to our most current 10,000 foot lateral in the Lower Wolfcamp, the Flying Ebony to apply that design to it. It's just now an flow back, we all have very high expectations for that well. But we also recognized that not any one well makes a trend this year. But yes going forward, we're very encouraged and let me be also clear, we're not sure that we've really even reached even close to the end number in terms of these frac uplifts, that's why for that Upper Wolfcamp spacing pilot, even though we don't have a well under our belt, we're very comfortable stepping up in the total amount of sand that we're going to pump in those wells because the way we model it with a modest increase in IP and EUR it's a very economic thing to do. So, we're very pleased with the progress we're seeing here, but we still think there's a lot more to gain.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Drew, this is Tom, I want to follow-up on that. We're very excited by the Wolfcamp A and certainly the results and the uplift we've reported is real and it's grounded in actual results. We probably see the Wolfcamp A as being a better target overall than the Wolfcamp B but the Wolfcamp B is also outstanding, I mean so it's a question of great and outstanding. But one other things I want to follow-up on is, one other things that make Cimarex strong is our presence in multiple plays and in particular with our footprint in Delaware Basin and our footprint with stack, we're doing a lot of innovation as are our competitors. And every time, we see something that works, we look for opportunities to apply it elsewhere in our own portfolio. So, having that footprint in multiple plays allows us to really bring innovations in much more quickly than we could if were single basin player. So, there are, as John said, we have a lot of running room in completion optimization in both Wolfcamp A, the Wolfcamp D, and I would add in stack both in the Meramec and Woodford. All of those plays are trying some things and that laboratory gives us ideas to apply across the board. I don't know that we're even scratching the surface yet in a lot of areas, and we're very, very excited about some of the advancements we're reporting, but we have tremendous uplift yet to happen. And so, it's pretty exciting right now.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color, Tom. So just to follow up on that, the results obviously are great in the Wolfcamp A. I know it's been less tested in Culberson, because the returns, I think, for Wolfcamp D had looked so good, and you can hold the acreage by drilling down to the D. But can you give us a better sense of how delineated the Wolfcamp A is across your acreage position?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, this is John, it's not near as well delineated as it is for the D, that's a very fair statement. The majority of our A drilling to-date has been  has mainly occurred in Culberson down in the southeast part, that's where we really recognize it and from the way we map it, but I would also tell you that we are now stepping out into other areas of Culberson, and I'm hoping in future earnings release to talk more about those efforts. But, so far, it's been relegated more to a much smaller area in the southeast than the D, but that's just, as you mentioned early on, we were drilling Ds and a way to hold our acreage and hold all our rights with the Wolfcamp As we've been a little bit more selective, but now with these encouraging results we're seeing, we are quickly stepping out in the other areas of our acreage to get a sense of just how good this could be across the whole position.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Drew, there is tremendous future opportunity to test new zones and the same zone elsewhere in our acreage, not only within Culberson and Eddy County. So, we have a lot of work ahead of us, and it's definitely pointing us to get more and more excited about that asset.
Operator: And our next question comes from Will Derrick of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
Will C. Derrick - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good morning, guys. Nice update. I guess first question looking over in the Meramec and Cana Woodford, on the completion time and moving it up to October, what's your expectation on when those wells are all going to come online?
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: This is Joe. We're going to start to see the beginnings of that production late Q4 and into early Q1. We flow the wells back, they clean up and just the timing of the complete row of activity is such that it will end up pretty close to what happened this year with row four, carrying into not only Q4 but into Q1 of this year. I think we'll see the same thing next.
Will C. Derrick - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then also up there, in terms of the completion design that you all are looking at, how does that differ from what you've seen in the past? Are you using the higher intensity completions you've done recently? What are your thoughts there?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. I think you're referring to our Woodford development wells, correct?
Will C. Derrick - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes, sir. Yeah.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. We  on our previous row, row four, we did quite a bit of experimentation with the frac design there. And in fact, in one case, one section in particular we pumped upwards of 3,200 pounds per foot. That section and those wells are outstanding. I mean, we are just really impressed with the results coming off of that section. And so going forward into this new row development, our base case, and I think Joe alluded to that why we're anticipating the additional cost is to go up to that size of a frac job in the Woodford Shale at 3,200 pounds per foot, whereas before, our standard was more around 1,800 pounds per foot. Again there is cost that are associate with it, but based on the performance we're seeing in on those wells, it's well worth the additional cost to do that. So, that's our go forward plan there for that next row development.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning. Tom, I was wondering if you could perhaps give us some more details on the stacked/staggered pilot that you're doing in the Meramec? In particular, I just wanted to see if you could comment, maybe, on where your completions have been landing today? And just your general thoughts around this pilot coming up?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll answer your question, then I'll turn it over to John, he will have some additions. Landing zone is a real point of experimentation in the Meramec. In the early wells for Cimarex and for many of our competitors, it was, quite frankly, a monkey see, monkey do approach. The Meramec wasn't the most obvious reservoir and so, early wells were kind of targeted based on mimicking what offset wells had done. And as we've continued to delineate the play, Cimarex and the industry has tested different landing zones. We're testing two different landing zones in that Meramec stacked/staggered pilot and we continue to experiment with landing zones throughout the play. We're seeing landing zone to be a overprint on production that's greater than we initially anticipated. There are some areas of the play that have underperformed, that we're going back in now and testing new landing zones, new completion techniques and we're quite encouraged by the potential there. But it's a real open part of experimentation as to where we land these laterals. John, do you want to add to that?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: The only thing I would add is that for that particular spacing pilot, we went the extra step where we went ahead and drilled, what we would call a pilot hole to get additional log information, to really refine where to put those laterals in the Meramec. And I must tell you, I feel pretty good about how we've done this for this particular stacked/staggered pilot in regards to the data we've received from that pilot, which really helped us pinpoint exactly where we're going to put these laterals. Whereas before, Tom's absolutely be right, we would have looked just say, say two sections over and to see what the company XYZ does as far as where they landed it. I think we're recognizing that for the Meramec, I mean, every section might have just a slight different tweak to where you want to put that lateral to achieve maximum performance. And that's some of the lessons we're learning as we go forward. So, I'm very excited about the stacked/staggered pilot and I'm looking forward to when we finally get around to completing it. But as I mentioned, we do have a strong interest in the other operated pilot that is just flowing back now. And there was a lot of science associated with that pilot and we're very anxious to kind of see the flow back, review the science data. And that's why we're not in any rush to go out and frac our current stacked/staggered till we see some of those results and see how we might then tailor our fracture design for our pilot.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And just my follow-up, you drilled and completed some wells on the updip portion of your acreage and the downdip. Any takeaways or conclusions around well performance on the updip or downdip? Are they similar?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. I think you're referring to Meramec wells or Mississippi wells?
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Pardon me, it's slide 22?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. Well, I guess, I need to just adopt the stack vernacular, I guess.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sorry.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, we have. Again, delineation wells, sometimes the results were not as we were hoping, other times they're outstanding. So, it's kind of what you expect early on in a play like this where every now and then, you hit a homerun and then  now and then, you hit one that's not so good. And then really, it's the ones that don't quite meet our expectations that we really, really spend a lot time on saying, okay, what could we have done differently, where could we have landed differently, how do we make it better. And so, yeah, I'd still think there is a lot of improvements still to come in this play based on what I've seen so far.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Arun, Cimarex, I think speaks a little differently than some other companies about the Meramec. I would say, first and foremost, we're very excited about the Meramec. We have a program that is in our estimation top tier. We study our wells. We study our competitors' wells, and we think our results are in that upper class, and we have a lot of data to back that statement up. That said, we do see a fair amount of reservoir variability through the play. We don't view the Meramec as a blanket play. We see a fair amount of variability and that's why John talked about the importance of having pilot holes when we target our laterals. The landing zones can change in short order. The yield can change in short order and the well-performance can change. Now, we're fairly confident based on the work we're doing that all if not most of those are solvable. Solvable with completion techniques, solvable with smart application of your landing zone, but it's an evolving story. And as we always have done, we're going to talk about results and our results stand on their own. They're quite good.
Operator: Our next question come from Dan Guffey of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Daniel Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Focusing on Reeves County, can you update us with the cumulative production and days online for the Big Timber? And then whether or not you think the strong result is repeatable? And then I guess a few comments how the Upper Wolfcamp in this area stacks up to other Delaware Basin assets that are in your portfolio?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. I don't have the Big Timber production in front of me right now; we can probably give that information back to you. What I do know is based on that well result as well as some other competitor wells in the area, we feel really, really good about that acreage over there from a 10,000 foot lateral standpoint. So good, as I mentioned in my comments, that we are moving forward with the development plans that we're doing in Reeves County with the 10,000 foot stacked/staggered development that we'll initiate  in fact that's started drilling on right now. It's a very good area for the Upper Wolfcamp and I think our Anaconda pilots really demonstrated to us that it's not just a good area, it's thick enough to support multiple levels of wells in that shale. So going forward, we're very, very excited about that area and the results we'll get, especially from this development that we're currently drilling right now.
Daniel Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess, as it competes for capital in other areas in your Delaware Basin program, I guess, assuming commodity price, assuming the strip currently isn't competitive with other assets in your portfolio, do you have any constraints such as infrastructure that may limit future development as you head into 2017?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Sure. I'll take the stab at that. It competes very well with the other things we have in our portfolio. The thing that's driving a lot of our capital this year, as we've mentioned. is acreage holing. And in particular in Reeves, we have a lot of acreage there that's still on a primary term that we definitely want to hold. So, there is quite a bit of capital going that way. It is fair to say that once we get to the point, where we've excess capital beyond holding acreage, then we have to look  and any time we make those decisions, then it's factors such as, yes, always rate of return and takeaway issues and water sourcing as Joe mentioned, and other factors that lead to where we deploy that capital. But in terms of optional capital spending Reeves, holds its own pretty well compared to Culberson right now.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Dan one of the things that drives that, isn't just the rocks, but it's also our ability to drill that longer lateral.
Daniel Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: All right.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And so one of the things that makes Culberson such a beautiful asset for us, not only is it multiple zone, some of which we haven't even tested yet, but we can drill long laterals at will, there is no constraint there over that entire acreage block. That's generally true in Reeves, but there are areas where that's not true and what Cimarex is doing and a lot of operators are focused on, I think there's wide spread recognition of the economic uplift of these longer wells. And so there are some trades going on to let us block up that area and be in a better place to drill long laterals. But as far as the rock goes, it's highly competitive with other things we've got.
Operator: And our next question come from Jason Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jason.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So to kick that prior question on capital allocation maybe a step further, and just thinking about the portfolio as a whole. Now that you've drilled more wells in the Meramec and are getting more confident in your Upper Wolfcamp wells  I'm not going to ask you, Tom, when you're going to go back to work. But just a question around where that first incremental dollar goes, when you do go back to work?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Back to work, Jason. You see golf pants on us?
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I should have worded that one a little better.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, the challenge is it's a really evolving story. And if we had the snapshot of today, and we said, you know what, based on what we know today we have to make long-term capital allocation decisions. There'll probably be a bias for a lot of our Delaware program not only the Bone Spring but the Avalon looks quite good and these long wells in the Wolfcamp, those are all cream of the crop. But we are still seeing not only the Meramec but I'd still throw the Woodford in the mix, that with our  the experiments we're doing with our completion innovations, we're seeing a really improving story there. And so, in the near-term, we're going to continue to experiment. I mean, we want to have an active program in both basins because what we learn is setting the stage for a long-term capital allocation. I mean, you've heard us talk about in the Woodford, we have some projects that would be stacked Meramec and Woodford that once we kick them off, they are hundreds of 10,000 foot long wells. I mean, it's a real opportunity for Cimarex. So we're not just going to snapshot today its evolving story.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, this is John I'll just follow-up. Especially in today's market, to what Tom said, completion costs are really surprisingly enough to me they've gotten a little softer on the service cost side. But as an example to just take our total company frac stats now is the time to try this experimentation. Our early 2016 average frac statistics compared to our 2015 averages such that we're drilling  we're completing 11% longer laterals, pumping 23% more fluid, 30% more sand and when you look at it all-in, cost reduction per well including water sourcing, we're seeing a reduction of 5% and our completion cost even with those increases. So now is the time to try those experiments.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks. And just one quick one on the Avalon. A few of your peers have talked about it this quarter. I think that it's held by production for you guys. Any change in your thoughts around allocating some capital there or doing any further tests in that zone?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John. Actually I think about two days ago, I was in Midland and reviewed our latest Avalon well with our latest generation of frac design and it's fantastic, it's a great well. And the challenge again as you mentioned is all held by production. And so right now, we would must rather spend that capital to hold the rest of our acreage position throughout the Wolfcamp. But, I got to tell you, I got a team down there, this is just itching to go on a two-mile lateral and the Avalon and the numbers look great. But it's just a matter of capital allocation right now, where we think obviously our best interest is to go out there and deploy that capital and hold our acreage for this year. But they're raring to go and at some point, especially since we've already got a number of the spacing pilots done where we're already at eight wells per section of each interval within the Avalon, there are several benches. So it looked really good, it's just a question of when we get to a point where I guess as someone said, we get back to work and start drilling some more wells out there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeanine Wai of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So on the fourth-quarter call, you all provided us with your estimated year end 2016 cash balance of I think it was $400 million. And with the $50 million CapEx increase that you announced last night, what's your new estimated cash balance at year end 2016? And realizing that the strip has moved up in the meantime?
G. Mark Burford - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah. Jeanine. Hi, good morning this is Mark here. Yeah using a early May 2 strip price with that incremental capital in our new volume forecast, we're still expecting actually, it's gone up a bit from $400 million to maybe $450 million, the way it looks right now, Jeanine. So, it's something we're closely watching and seeing how that moves through the year. But even with the increased capital you expect that cash balance to be even a bit higher than we had previously forecasted.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And Jeanine, I want to give just a little bit of detail in that CapEx increase. On our fourth quarter call, we were at a range of $600 million to $650 million and we said the upper-end of that $650 million would be if those completions rolled into 2016. So, those completions have rolled into 2016. So if we wanted to benchmark us against the fourth quarter, we'd be at that $650 million number we talked about. Now we gave a range of guidance of $650 million to $700 million. So, really we kind of deal with midpoint, midpoint is $675 million. So really it's a $25 million increase over where we were in our fourth quarter call given that those completions are accelerated. So although, it looks like $50 million, I think that's probably just an absolute upper-end of that.
Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great, that's really helpful. And my follow-up, so it sounds like you have more cash  slightly more cash than you previously thought, and you're finding more ways to spend your cash flow. So what are the next opportunities you have to spend more CapEx on, if you spend any more at all?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll take that, this is Tom. We've got lots to do and certainly we have a lot of projects that are begging for capital in the Delaware Basin and these are as John said, the list is long and long and long. And then this Meramec delineation probably is one that we'd easily be able to throw a little capital at. And then we're also, we've talked in the past about we're doing some exploration. I mean, this is the time when we are kind of keying on what our organization does best and our value proposition has always been centered around doing good geoscience, finding ideas that give us competitive advantage and getting acreage positions ahead of the crowd. And so we're putting a lot of emphasis on that as well and there will be some opportunities to come out of that. So depending on what the landscape looks like over the next six months, I think there is a reasonable chance that we may do a little more. We're going to need to see the fundamental shore up. We're going to need to have confidence that this price file is affordable, but we are ready to roll with cash and balance sheet to do it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy. Please go ahead.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks. Maybe follow up a little on that, while we're on the topic. Just bigger picture, as I think about capital allocation in this cycle, what's your perspective on out-spending cash flow? You mentioned earlier in the remarks that you think within cash flow on the strip, you can get back to growth in the years ahead. I appreciate that certainly, but will end the year with a substantial amount of cash on hand, already a very differentiated balance sheet. And I'm just thinking through this  where we are in the cycle. You've got productivity trending up and to the right. Costs are at cyclical lows. How do you think about out-spending cash flow, as we move further forward in 2017? Given the current environment, is that something you'd be more likely to do than at other points in the cycle?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Michael, I'll take that one. This is Tom. We are very willing to outspend cash flow, and the way I think about it is very simple, it's about creating value. If we can borrow money at low interest rate and invest it in the high interest rate, I think as long as we're confident in those returns that's a value creating proposition for our shareholder. And with our top-tier assets, I think our bias as a management team is to bring that value forward for our shareholders. Now that said, when you drill a well, those returns are predicated on a discounted cash flow that makes some significant assumptions about future commodity pricing. And the quality of that assumption is key. If we get to a point to where we gain confidence about that future commodity pricing, if we think that the markets have kind of worked themselves out and they're in balance. And we get asked about at what price file, it's not about the price file. We have the opportunities today at this price file to accelerate and add value. It's about our confidence in that price file and that the markets are in balance and that we think that it's a fairly low volatile proposition. So, I think our bias is going to be to invest, use our balance sheet and yes, we'd be willing to modestly outspend cash flow. Mark, do you want to answer that?
G. Mark Burford - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, no, I completely concur with Tom here. It's gaining confidence in our future curve. And now we're seeing kind of same thing as we think about increasing activity, the current curve suggest that we have lots of economic wells to drill. But we've seen a couple head fakes seen the commodity price reverse. A lot of movement to date has probably been driven on expectation of continued oil production than inventories improving, which we're starting to see. But we want to see more continuation of that and making sure that forward strip is really kind of intact and based on the fundamentals.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'll say just one last thing on that. We do an annual look back, and many of you've heard us talk about that in the past, and John and I spent two hours yesterday, reviewing our annual look back, going back on our history of economic performance. And there are some real lessons there. And one of the lessons is you really have to have confidence on that commodity price file. I mean there's a lot of lessons in that. And it's about being good at the business, making sure you have high quality assets, and being very prudent in your investments. And I think Cimarex has a long history of success on that front, and we're going to continue to stay disciplined. We have the luxury of top tier assets, and outstanding returns in this current price environment. So we're going to be ready to roll, and I think you  I think it's reasonable for you to expect with a little stability in commodity pricing, you will see Cimarex pick up the pace.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: I appreciate that color. That's very helpful. I guess my follow-up, stepping way back again, high level. If you just look at the Meramec today, and this might be a little tricky to answer, but just given all the moving pieces in the world. But if you look at the Meramec today, and you try to compare that to the year of learning curve for the Wolfcamp and the Del Basin. So looking back in time, in the Delaware Basin and on Wolfcamp, what year would you think we're in if we were to try and characterize the Meramec today? Does that makes sense?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John. And I guess I'll take a stab at it. It's interesting you asked that. I've been actually kind of going down memory lane, and just recently talked with our lead generator for Culberson. And I'd forgotten that Culberson started in 2006 for us. So, we're in year 10 in Culberson and I'm going to tell you right now, we still don't know everything about Wolfcamp and Culberson; obvious by our well results and what we continue to do. Whereas we're in year two of Meramec and I just think we've scratched the surface. There's just so much that we are learning with each well, both us and our competitors and in some way, yes, it is happening at a far more accelerated paced than Culberson ever did because we were the only game in town when we were doing Culberson. Here, as you well are aware, we have at least five other operators drilling all around us, and we're all looking at each other kind of figure out what works best, where should I go, where do I land. And so clearly, it's at a much more accelerated pace, but sometimes I wonder maybe too fast, honestly, in that you never really get a chance to really catch your breath and look at the data and look at the results  not just that 30-day rate as I mentioned  but what is the well doing 180 days later. And is it surprising you and so  there are sometimes I wish we went to little bit slower to be honest in Meramec  but in some ways we're being forced to just with the competition. So, I don't know if that answers your question, but that's just my perspective on what's going on in the Meramec right now.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: We saw the same  this is Joe. We saw the same thing in Cana. We kicked off that program in 2007 and it's 2014 where a frac design revolutionizes the play. So, boy, that's a tough question. Where is the end-game on how well these wells can produce, is the real question there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Paul Grigel of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good morning, and actually a good segue into the question I had here, focusing in on the Meramec. Going back to the commentary on the landing zone and some of the variability, how do you address those challenges in the variability, as you apply the downspacing tests, going forward, both the results from yours and Devon's, across the broader acreage position?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. That's a great question. It's something that we talk about all the time. Part of it is sometimes in some of these sections, we're blessed to have, quite frankly, quite a bit of vertical control within the section to give us an idea of what variability we should expect. In other cases, quite frankly we've reached the point, we said we just got to go ahead and drill and create that information by drilling a pilot hole. I would also tell you in some ways we're putting even more renewed emphasis on our 3D seismic coverage because at least with 3D seismic, you are sampling the geology, so to speak, in a much finer scale. So we're really trying to incorporate that as a tool to help us along with the subsurface control and the horizontal wells that have been drilled to date to build a more comprehensive model of what's going on and what we should expect going forward. I would just tell you that, again, right now, we have expectations for every Meramec well we drill, and each one in some way typically surprises us fortunately to the positive, but also sometimes to the negative. So as we go forward, we'll continue to look for ways to get more comfortable with that variability and be able to adjust to it appropriately.
Paul Grigel - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Well, thanks. And then maybe a follow-up here, for Tom. Could you just talk about the current M&A outlook and what you're seeing in both the Permian as well as in the Mid-Con?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, we see opportunities and we're always in the hunt as we've talked in past calls. There's not a point in time, where we're not evaluating something. Our challenge is we want to create value and I think if you look at the history of M&A, in E&P and in other industries, it's a fairly challenging landscape for acquirers to make the argument that over the long run, that's been a real good value-creating strategy. Now, hey, maybe we count our money differently than others do, but we are who we are and we want to be forthright in our approach to the business. We look at full cycle value creation, we look at time to capital, we look at what the pace of development will be and will that generate a rate of return for our shareholders? Some of these splashy acquisition deals are good for everybody that participates except for the shareholder. And our focus first and foremost is on shareholder value. So, as I've said in the past, there are assets we covet. I mean, there are some really outstanding assets on the market and some really outstanding assets that have transacted. And we've been in that game and we often are at a valuation point where we are just flat out unwilling to get the number that's the winning bid. We ask ourselves at every turn what's our competitive advantage. If we don't have a competitive advantage, and that's generally either information, science or our ability to execute well above and beyond our competitors, then we're just bidding discount rate and commodity price forecast with a group of very well-funded competitors. And that's just not a winning proposition for the Cimarex shareholder. So, we look  I'm very hopeful that there'll be opportunities for us and when we find the right one, we'll strike. But it will be right because we had a competitive advantage.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Nelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. We've already belabored the re-acceleration point. But if I could just ask, would it be reasonable to assume the planned drop of rigs around midyear is probably a good catalyst for you to reevaluate if that commodity outlook has stabilized, rather than risk losing efficiency gains  efficiencies kind of with those rigs?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's reasonable. Hey, we're not happy about going down to four, then three rigs, but we're going to do what we need to do to preserve that balance sheet and make sure that we're well positioned for the future. We may be getting the wrong feedback. We've always kept our debt low and our conclusion from what we've seen over the last 24 months is that was a prudent course of action because we have a lot of flexibility today in an arena where many of our competitors do not. So we're going to be careful, but nobody is unhappier with us going down to three rigs than we are, but it's what we have to do and we are going to stay disciplined.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: And this is Joe. I'll follow-up, from a rig standpoint, when we added rigs earlier, a couple of months back, we got good iron, good crews. And I don't  in fact one of the rigs we got back drilled a record well. So I think the quality of the rigs and the people right now when  if and when we do pick them up, I feel very confident we will get a good efficient optimized service provided to us.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And then just for my follow-up, I appreciate the help on providing the exit rate in your commentary. Should we expect oil mix to be constant, as well, with the 4Q 2015 level? Or should that be down?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: For the year, we may end up being slightly more on the gas side at the end of the year. You want to add to that Mark?
G. Mark Burford - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah, no, it's pretty consistent, John. We're at 28% oil in the first quarter and mid-year within that 0.5% of that is what we see for the fourth quarter. So it's pretty consistent.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Ms. Acierno for any final remarks.
Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations: Thanks, Rocco. So, before we signoff, I have received some information on the Big Timber well, so I can give you the Q production, Dan, if you're still on. So, it's produced for 320 days. It's produced 250,000 barrels of oil, and about a 1.1 Bcf of wet gas. So, with that, we'll say good bye, and have a nice day. And thanks for joining us.
Operator: And thank you, ma'am. So this conference has now concluded, and we thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-17 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Acierno - Head, Investor Relations Tom Jorden - Chief Executive Officer John Lambuth - Senior Vice President, Exploration Joe Albi - Chief Operating Officer Mark Burford - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Dan Guffey - Stifel David Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley Jeanine Wai - Citi Matt Portillo - TPH Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Cimarex Energy Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Karen Acierno. Please go ahead.
Karen Acierno: Thank you and good morning everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year conference call. In addition to last years results, today, we will be discussing our 2016 capital plans, which were released separately yesterday afternoon. An updated presentation has been posted to our website. We will be referring to this presentation during the call today. As a reminder, our discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discussed. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K and other filings and news releases for the risk factors associated with our business. So todays prepared remarks will begin with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden, followed by an update on our drilling activities and results from John Lambuth, Senior VP of Exploration; and then Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on our operations, including production and well costs. Cimarex CFO, Mark Burford, is also present to help answer any questions. So with that, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Karen and thanks to everyone who is participating in todays conference. We sincerely appreciate your interest and look forward to your questions during the question-and-answer portion of the call. On the call today, John will give a rundown of our recent results and update you on some of the delineation that we have underway in 2016. Joe will provide an operational overview. I would like to kick off the call with some overview remarks in our direction in 2016 and beyond. During 2015, we put a lot of energy into long-range planning and we developed capabilities for running detailed iterations on current and future years CapEx, cash flow and balance sheet configuration. We scrubbed our assets and developed net asset value models that help us to fully understand our upside and plan accordingly. Today, we are making decisions for 2016 with a close eye on 2017, 2018 and beyond. Cimarex is better positioned for the future by slowing down a bit, preserving our cash and assets and living within our means. Our focus is on preservation of our assets and balance sheet. We dont have any special insight on when or how commodity prices will recover. We do know that we will probably be as surprised by the recovery as we were by the collapse. When prices recover, Cimarex will be ready and will be stronger and healthier as ever. We have never been more bullish on our assets, our inventory and our organizational capability. Our Delaware Basin and Meramec Woodford assets are top tier. We continue to be pleased with our well results and associated returns on investment. On the call today, you will hear updates on our Wolfcamp spacing pilots and the implications for future development. We continue to be extremely pleased with our Wolfcamp well performance and have room to run in achieving further performance improvements. You will hear an update on the Meramec Woodford spacing pilot that is underway in Cana. We are testing a combined 19 wells per section in the Meramec and Woodford. The Meramec continues to surprise to the upside. We are currently flowing back Woodford spacing pilots that are testing 10 and 12 Woodford wells per section. Results are very encouraging. Furthermore, our improved Woodford results are showing remarkable consistency across the Cana core. In both the Delaware and Woodford Meramec, long horizontal wells are an increasingly important part of our story and our assets are well configured to allow for them. We have a manageable lease exploration issue and we will preserve all of our prime acreage. In spite of the downturn of activity, we are emphasizing our core strengths in idea generation and innovation. Our teams are hard at work developing new plays and new concepts. During the downturn of 2009, our activity level dropped from 43 operated rigs to 3. At that time, we challenged the organization to be innovative, creative and to find ways to make a living in spite of the downturn. We were not victims. During 2008, we developed plays that were going to carry us in the ensuing years and are still among our core programs today. In 2016, our challenge to organization is to do it again. We are built for these times however difficult they may be. We will make the tough decisions around capital investments and activity levels. We will remain disciplined and preserve our assets and the deep inventory that is our future. We will also seek to build new things and to take advantage of this downturn. No one is hanging their head at Cimarex. We are hard at work to control our own destiny. I recently heard a CEO describe some advice that one of his board members have given him. The board member was a retired military officer who told the CEO that he had always told his troops that, when the map doesnt match the terrain, go with the terrain. Here at Cimarex, we are going with the terrain. During 2015, we increased our rig count to a high of 12 rigs, with an original plan to keep 12 operated rigs throughout 2016. As the year wore on and the commodity outlook continued to worsen, we determined that a 12-rig program was no longer prudent. Although we have the inventory to justify the higher activity level even at current prices, we have decided to slow down and preserve our cash on hand. Production growth will have to take a backseat to flexibility and balance sheet preservation. Our focus is on a multi-year outlook. We currently have 11 operated rigs running and will be decreasing our rig count to 4 rigs in the coming months. Our 2016 program is designed to preserve our assets on leasehold and finish out some delineation and spacing pilots that are underway. We plan to invest between $600 million and $650 million in exploration and development. The range of investment is driven by timing of completions in one of the projects currently underway, the Woodford infill well in the eastern core of Cana. Whatever we do not spend in 2016 will be pushed into early 2017. We will also continue to delineate the Meramec drill spacing tests in the Wolfcamp and the Delaware Basin and hold leasehold. In the fourth quarter of 2015, we were impacted by severe weather events and took direct hits at both the Western Delaware Basin and in our core Cana field. Furthermore, a planned outage in Delaware Basin added to our problems. I cannot overstate how pleased we were with the response to these events by our organization. Although they had a significant impact in our production volumes, our teams worked valiantly and safely in extremely hostile conditions in order to restore our production and find creative workarounds to market interruptions. These extraordinary actions dont always evidence themselves in top line reported production numbers, but they humble us and make us deeply proud to be part of an organization that is so dedicated and focused. With that, I will turn the call over to John to provide further details on our program.
John Lambuth: Thanks, Tom. I will start with a quick recap of our drilling activity in the quarter before getting into some of the specifics of our latest results and more color on our 2016 plans. Cimarex invested $191 million during the fourth quarter on exploration and development. This brought the total to $877 million for the full year. About 55% was invested in the Permian region with the rest going toward activities in the Mid-Continent region. Company-wide, we brought 65 gross, 28 net wells on production during the quarter, which brought the total for 2015 to 219 gross, 99 net wells. Cimarex continues to push the envelope on well completions. In the Permian, we completed 2 upper Wolfcamp wells in the fourth quarter using a larger stimulation. As you can see on Slide 14 of our presentation, these wells have seen a 34% higher cumulative production in the first 120 days versus the previous upper Wolfcamp wells. In fact, one of the wells, Mine That Bird 38 Unit #1-H had an average 30-day peak production rate of 2,020 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 51% was gas, 30% -- excuse me, 51% oil, 30% gas and 19% NGL, a record IP from a 7,500-foot Upper Wolfcamp lateral in Culberson County. As discussed previously, we spudded downspacing pilot in the upper Wolfcamp and Culberson County in the fourth quarter. Drilling on these wells will be finished this month with completion scheduled to begin in April. First production is expected by the end of May. This 6-well, 7,500-foot lateral pilot will test two different spacing designs, one testing 8 wells per section, while the other will test 6 wells per section. Both will be drilled in a staggered pattern. The larger completion I just discussed will be used on this pilot. For the rest of 2016, the vast majority of the capital that we will spend in the Permian will be earmarked for acreage obligations across our Wolfcamp position in both Culberson and Reeves County. Part of this obligation drilling will include 6, 2-mile long infill wells in Reeves County. These infill wells are located next to our Big Timber well, the best Wolfcamp well we have drilled in Reeves County. Similar to our Anaconda pilot, these wells will be drilled using a stack staggered pattern, resulting in equivalent of 12 wells per section. We currently have 6 rigs running in the Permian, with one of them drilling a saltwater disposal well in Culberson County. By June, we will be down to 2 rigs for the remainder of the year. Now, on to the Mid-Continent, you will recall that we began drilling on the Cana-Woodford row 4 infill development program in the fourth quarter of 2014. Completions on the seven sections are now finished and all 57 gross wells are producing. Cimarex operated two of these sections. Typical development in the Woodford calls for eight new wells in addition to the parent well on a section. The Armacost section was infilled with nine additional wells, while the Philip section was infilled with 11 new wells. For the Armacost section, the average 30-day peak production was 9.1 million cubic feet equivalent per day, 61% gas, 8% oil, 31% NGL. And the Philips wells produced an average 30-day peak rate of 9.3 million cubic feet equivalent per day, 54% gas, 13% oil, 33% NGL. As you can see on Slide 20 of our presentation, these increased density infill sections are performing very similar to previously infill Woodford sections with only eight new wells, a very encouraging result for us. In the fourth quarter 2015, we commenced drilling another Woodford infill well in the East side of the core. This development covers six sections, of which Cimarex again operates two sections. The entire infill project consists of 50 gross, 23 net wells. Depending on the timing of completions, something that will be worked out with our partner, production from this East Cana development was expected to come online as early as October or perhaps as late as the first quarter of 2017. In our emerging Meramec play, we now have production data on 17 operate at 5,000 foot laterals. In addition, our second 10,000 foot lateral in the Meramec has been on production since early October. This well, called the Vessels 1H-3526x have a 30-day peak IP rate of 14 million cubic feet equivalent per day, including 791 barrels of oil per day. Page 22 of the presentation illustrates the average uplift we have seen from the two long laterals versus the 5,000 foot laterals drilled to-date. We have outperformed the shorter laterals by 69% within 120 days. While we are very encouraged by the initial uplift in IP that we are seeing in these 10,000 foot laterals, we will be carefully monitoring the decline profile in order to determine the ultimate EURs for these long lateral wells. To better understand the multi-zone potential for this area, we have designed a down-spacing pilot which commenced drilling in the fourth quarter 2015. See Slide 23 for an illustration of this design. Due to the commodity price environment, this pilot has been downsized, will now consist of eight new wells to be stacked and staggered in both the Meramec and Woodford formations. The spacing at the Meramec will be the equivalent of 10 wells per section made up of five upper and five lower staggered Meramec wells. The Woodford will be drilled with our standard nine wells per section development plan. Drilling should be finished by mid-April with first production expected late in the second quarter. Once drilling is finished on the pilot and infill sections, we will be focused on holding our Meramec acreage. Since late 2014, we have added 12,250 net acres in the Meramec at an average cost of $1,650 per acre. We will need to drill approximately 40 to 45 wells over the next 3 years in order to HBP our position. In 2016, we will drill 12 operated wells to hold this acreage position, with 10 of the 12 wells being 10,000 foot laterals. We currently have five rigs operating in the Mid-Continent region, with plans to go down to one rig by July of this year. With that, I will turn the call over to the Joe Albi.
Joe Albi: Well, thank you, John and thank you all for joining us on our call today. I will touch on the usual items, our fourth quarter production, our Q1 and full year 2016 production outlook and then I will finish with a few comments on LOE and service costs. Our fourth quarter total company net equivalent production came in at 985.7 million a day, up 4% from the 949.5 million a day that we posted in Q4 14 and within our guidance of 0.98 Bcfe to 1.01 Bcfe per day. Late in the quarter, as Tom mentioned, winter weather and facility disruptions negatively impacted our production by approximately 30 million cubic feet a day equivalent, with the majority of that occurring in the Permian. Late December winter storms caused significant downtime in not only the Delaware Basin, but also impacted our Cana production as well, albeit to a lesser degree. When we adjust for the estimated impact of the weather and the facility downtime, we would have exceeded the upper end of our guidance by more than 5 million a day. With Q4 now in the books, our full year 2015 equivalent production came in at 985 million a day. Thats up 13% over our 2014 average of 869 million a day. During Q4, our Permian equivalent production averaged 520 million a day. Thats down 42 million a day from Q3 15. But as I mentioned, a significant portion of the decrease was a result of not only the  was a result of the weather and facility downtime, but we also completed fewer Permian wells during the latter half of the year than we did in the first half as we talked about in our previous call. As expected, with our Cana-Woodford wells coming online, we saw a very nice bump in our Q4 Mid-Continent production, with our Mid-Continent volumes coming in at 461 million a day. Thats up 14% or 56 million a day from the 405 million a day that we reported just prior in Q3. For 2016, with a number of moving parts, the most sensitive of which is the timing of our 2016 completions. We have issued full year total company equivalent production guidance of 890 million to 930 million equivalents per day. With our focus on preserving our assets and protecting our balance sheet and the low price environment we are in, we have opted to slowdown and more consistently spread out our completion activity throughout the year. As John mentioned, we also find ourselves needing to coordinate the timing of our Cana-Woodford completion activity with the completion timing of our offset operator. As a result, there is considerable variability in the inventory of uncompleted wells that we will have on the books at the end of the year. As we best can project at this time, we anticipate and we have modeled that our Cana infill fracking operations will begin in late the third  late third to fourth quarter and continue into 2017 with first production from the project not hitting our books until early 2017. This program represents a lion share of our 2016 Mid-Continent activity, consisting of 50 gross and 23 net wells. With our current modeling, we expect to see first production from approximately 50 gross or 16 net Mid-Continent wells during 16 and thats down from 134 gross or 39 net wells that we completed in 2015. With the anticipated Cana infill completion delay, we expect to exit the year the 57 gross or 24 net wells awaiting completion, hence moving associated production for those wells into early 2017. In the Permian, we also plan for a slower place of completion activity, which will likely only require us to utilize just one completion crew the majority of the year. We are forecasting approximately 31 net Permian wells to come online in 2016, thats down about half of the 60 net wells that we completed in 2015. As we progress through the year, we project a number of Permian drilled and uncompleted wells to increase to approximately 18 net wells by mid-year and then drop off to just six net wells by the end of the year, primarily a result of us dropping to the two rigs that John mentioned in the Permian in the middle of the year. I want to take a moment to make a special point that a quick glance at our 2016 full year guidance could very easily imply a decline in our 2016 exit rate. Whats not so easy to see is the forecast of production increase associated with the delayed Cana infill programs back to back completion activity in early 2017, which along with a handful of Permian carryover completions is forecasted to bring our total company production back up to Q4 15 levels by as early as Q2 17. Its all about the timing of our completions. As far as our Q1 total company production is concerned, incorporating anticipated Permian pipeline and facility curtailments of about 30 million a day for the first quarter, our projected guidance for Q1 comes in at 925 million to 955 million a day. Jumping over to CapEx, with our production groups continued focus on trimming operating costs, our Q4 lifting costs came in at $0.85 per Mcfe. Thats in line with our guidance of $0.77 to $0.87 and was down 19% from the $1.05 that we posted in Q4 14. For the year, our 2015 lifting costs came in at $0.83 per Mcfe, thats down a respectable 23% from our 2014 average of $1.08. As we look forward into 2016, our full year lifting cost guidance range of $0.80 to $0.90 per Mcfe takes into account our regional forecasts of production mix as well as the variable nature of work over expenses. You may have also noted that our Q4 15 transportation and processing expenses came in at $0.58, so slightly above our guidance range of $0.45 to $0.55. As I mentioned, our current production modeling forecast a slowdown in our completion activity during the year, which resulted in a one-time accrual of approximately $8 million for anticipated minimum volume agreement shortfalls, which increased our reported cost on a non-recurring basis by approximately $0.09 per Mcfe. We have made great strides cutting our LOE and we will continue our efforts to reduce them further. As we mentioned last call, the important by-product of our LOE reductions is the additional funding we are providing our drilling program. Our Q4 15 average monthly LOE came in at $25.7 million a month and thats $5 million below our Q4 14 average of $30.7 million a month. But if we average over 12-months time period, has freed up nearly $60 million that we can direct to our drilling program. A few comments on our drilling and completion cost. Although we continue to push hard for further cost relief, any cost reductions we have seen have been small, single-digit reductions and modest in nature. That said, we continue our focus on operating efficiencies. On the drilling side, we have high-graded our rigs. We are fitting out each and every service. We are consolidating our equipment and resources everywhere we can. All the while we are staying focused on reducing drilling days. On the completion side, we are focused on optimizing the cost of water sourcing by more efficiently fracing our wells, in particular, when we are completing multi-well pads. The bottom line is that while we continue to experience  experiment with various frac designs, our generic well AFEs have remained relatively flat. Our current Cana core one-mile lateral Woodford AFE continues to run in the range of $6.6 million to $7 million. Thats unchanged from last call. While in the Meramec, our current one-mile lateral AFE is in the range of $7 million to $7.4 million. Thats also unchanged from last quarter. In the Permian, as we have mentioned last call, we have made great progress with our drilling efficiencies, cutting our Wolfcamp two-mile lateral spud to rig release times down 20% from 35 days in 2014 to 28 days in 2015, with a record of 20.5 days. We are accomplishing similar drill time reductions in our one-mile lateral Bone Spring and Avalon program as well cutting average days from spud to rig release 35% from 23 days in 14 to just 15 in Q4 15. We continue to get more done with fewer rigs. And with all that, our current two-mile lateral Wolfcamp AFE is running $10.8 million to $11.6 million. Thats flat again to the figures we quoted last call. So in closing, we had another great quarter. We fought up significant Q4 downstream weather  downtime to stay within guidance and provide us with a strong springboard for production in 2016. We posted solid year-over-year production gains over 2014. We have made significant strides cutting our LOE. Our drilling group stays focused on cost reductions and efficiencies. And as an organization, we remain vigilant to keep our cost in check, protect our assets and optimize our investment program results. So with that, I will turn the call over to question-and-answer.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Dan Guffey of Stifel. Please go ahead. Mr. Guffey, please go ahead. Your phone maybe muted.
Dan Guffey: Sorry about that. Good morning, everyone.
Tom Jorden: Good morning.
Mark Burford: Good morning.
Dan Guffey: In the past, you guys have conveyed budgetary snapshot of the current environment and the company does remain flexible. I guess key question here is, at what price would you want to bring rigs back, obviously, with the extreme volatility in crude, it may make that decision a little more cumbersome? But just curious when you think you would add rigs back since you do have some of the lowest cost production throughout the U.S.?
Tom Jorden: This is Tom. Thats a great question. Mark, I am going to  I will pass that to you. We have run tons of models and its hard to make a definitive statement. I will say this so before Mark comments, we remain highly flexible. And if we see daylight, we are going to run for it. Obviously, in building a company and preserving a balance sheet, you can have all kinds of optimism, but you cant run a company on that optimism to the extent that you are not preserving your balance sheet. But Mark, you know how to answer it?
Mark Burford: Dan, surely what Tom referred to is we are on the two primary concerns we have right now watching our return on our investments making sure we get adequate return which isnt the highest  isnt the biggest concern more was not preserving our balance sheet. So, we have cash flow sufficient to really support our larger program, which we are really trying to constrain our investment to make sure we preserve a very strong balance sheet, preserve our cash position and a better way to do this. So, I think if you saw price environment settling in around $45 to $50, you could probably see us have the cash flow supporting a larger program. But at the low $30 environment we find ourselves in and thats where we are constraining our investment to the extent we are, but there is  it probably have to be some clarity  certainty around that $45 to $55 for us to see that to make some upward adjustments in our investment page.
Dan Guffey: Okay. I guess, are there any limiting factors in terms of how quickly you could add whether that be personal or infrastructure? And then I guess, what area would your first few incremental rigs target should we get to that $40 to $50 environment?
Joe Albi: Well, this is Joe. As far as our organization is concerned, we can act quickly. And depending on where we are drilling, if its in and along our existing infrastructure, that shouldnt be a problem. You got to remember that we had a bigger plan scheduled and modeled as far as our organizational activity and we just paired back from it. So, getting back on the track should not be that difficult for us. We took a rig out of the yard. We have got to ask that question last year and we took a rig out of the yard that on its first wells start setting records for us. So, we are not terribly concerned about our ability to ramp up. And I would anticipate that our first place to ramp up would be the Permian.
John Lambuth: Yes, this is John. Without a doubt, we are ready to go. Our Upper Wolfcamp wells in Culberson, as I talked about earlier, are really coming in performing very well. And wed love to get back to drilling into that program beyond just the spacing pilot I talked about. Our long lateral Bone Spring play, up in White City, is very, very strong economics. And even part of our Woodford development in the Eastern core, which is more liquid-rich, especially as we look at it from a long lateral perspective, which our acreage allows us to do looks pretty attractive to us, but we would like to see a little bit more encouragement from the commodity price before we want to go and deploy capital in those programs.
Tom Jorden: Yes. And I just want to finish your question, but I dont want to throw a marker down thats $45 oil price. If we see a recovery in oil price, it looks better and better to us. So, I would even say if prices get north of $35 and our outlook is stronger, we are going to look at it. I dont want to throw any particular number down and say, thats the number. We have the flexibility. We have the balance sheet to do it. And its going to be what our vision is. I mean, if there were some structural changes in all markets and the reason for long-term optimism, we would be prepared to act to that.
Dan Guffey: Okay, great. Thanks for the details. Last one for me, can you guys discuss if you still you have reached or surpassed the productive and economic limits of enhanced completions across your various areas throughout the Permian and the Mid-Con?
John Lambuth: Well, this is John and the very simple answer is no. In no way that we feel like we have reached the limits. We constantly are debating entirely about all the different components that go in at our frac design. And quite frankly, I am constantly amazed how certain tweaks lead to even better and better wells. So no, we are not at all feel like we have reached a point where we can get even more reserves out of these laterals. And quite honestly, thats some of our charge right now, given the environment we find for every dollar we invest in those wells, we need to get more out of those wells. And so far, I have been very pleased and that we have been able to achieve that with a number of our programs.
Tom Jorden: Yes. And I want to  this is Tom, I want to follow up to that. John and I started off first thing this morning at 7 oclock in my office arguing about just this thing, not arguing with one another, arguing the point that one of the nice things about having assets and through the most active prolific areas of the country is there is a lot of activity. And we study our competition really hard. Its pretty important if you are going to have an innovative culture you cant have and needs to be invented here mentality. And so we are always looking to see what others are doing. And I think we have a lot of room for improvement, I would say in both our corridors, the Delaware Basin and Meramec. There is lots of things others are doing that, yes, we have opinions on, but at the end of the day, some of this is just trial and error and we need to try some things.
Dan Guffey: Thanks for the color, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Deckelbaum from KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, Tom and everyone. Thanks for taking my questions.
Tom Jorden: Yes, good morning.
David Deckelbaum: Just to follow up on all the commentary. Tom, in your opening remarks, you said you are looking very closely at 16, 17 and 18 as I guess putting some color around that, is it looking closely at what sort of goals would you like to achieve at the field level, looking closely at what your debt metrics are, looking closely at how much cash you have or a production growth scenario?
Tom Jorden: Well, you kind of run through the gamut there. We are not changing our logo. So we can take that one off the table. As we look ahead, I think the industry is having a sobering reset and I would love to sit here in the call, put lipstick on and say, you know what, its one thing. But as you look ahead in running a company, we have to look at the ins and outs of cash flow balance. And so we look into what  I said in my opening remarks, we spent a lot of time last year looking at our assets and looking at the future drilling inventory and the value that adds. And we have made a tremendous amount of progress on our flexibility and our ability to do real-time modeling of future increases in price, future increases in activity and actually modeling the impact that has fully looking at our cash flow and our balance sheet. But when you do that, one of the reasons that we are doing that is because if prices dont pick up at any point, we want to make sure that Cimarex stays healthy and stays competitive. And we dont want to put ourselves in a situation where we have lost our flexibly. So inherently, that modeling is kind of a downside model. Its really easy to run an upside model. But you have to kind of plan of the downside. And so we are  as we look ahead to the next few years, I will say that if things dont materially improve over the current strip, Cimarex will be just fine. We will be healthy financially and we will be in a position where we attempt to throttle into that future without increasing debt. But if things increase, if commodity prices pick up, we are ready to roll. I know I am not giving you  I am not giving you detailed answer on what our 2017 and beyond model looks like, but we are making decisions to keep Cimarex competitive and to preserve our assets. Mark, do you want to add to that?
Mark Burford: Yes. Let me try, Tom. When you look at the different scenarios David, its obviously some bookings were using strip influences a lot of our thinking right now in the four strips in the low 40s through 17 and only $45 by 18 our recent stripping holding. And looking what our activity levels could be at those different price decks preserving our balance sheet strength and seeing what fits within that cash flow without really having occurred in preserving some portion of our cash balance and not incurring incremental debt what we can look like into those future years. And it is current strip environment, low-40s, its been 30s are challenging for us to find a [indiscernible], with our cash flow can support our pace of development. So there are lot of iterations we are running all the time, looking at different sensitivities on different programs. And then given  as Joe remarked in his comments even for this year have been impacted to a thorough completions can have a very big impacts on our timing of our production thing. So we are running on iterations just looking at what the outlook could be for this year and for the years out.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate all the clarity around that. There is one more if I might, I know John you reminded all of us about LOE might not be appreciating the amount of production that can come on from 50 Cana wells and the infill towards the end of the year beginning of next. And you said 2Q of 17 could be back up to the levels of 4Q 15 conceptually. You are running four other rigs total, much of that is for HBP and acreage. So as you think about going into 2017 and 2018, is  would future rig activity or incremental rig activity be devoted to doing a very large pad our multi-section developments where we would have this sort of persistent lumpiness until things smooth out where you have a larger rig fleet thats called up everything?
John Lambuth: Yes, this is John. I think its safe to say that when we reach that point that we want to get back towards true development drilling, then certainly thats going to lead towards that high intensity rigs and pads and so forth. But we just dont know at one point we will be back there. Here is what I know. I know for this year and going forward, our main goal, as Tom alluded to, is both the balance sheet and more importantly protecting investments we made in the acreage that we picked up in both the Anadarko as well as the Permian Basin. We have wonderful acreage and we have gotten it at a very attractive price and essentially for this years program, as we go up to the end of the year, thats where our capital is going to be geared towards is preserving that acreage position so that we are in a very good position. Whenever the time is right, then go back to that full scale development, when that will be, I cant tell you at this point.
David Deckelbaum: Okay. I appreciate all the answers guys. Its all for me.
Tom Jorden: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeanine Wai of Citi. Please go ahead.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning everyone.
Tom Jorden: Hi Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Can you talk a little bit about your forecasted out-spend for 2016 on whenever price deck you are using, it sounds like the strip, there appears to be a fair amount of non-D&C spend that might be driving some of the out-spend?
Mark Burford: Hi, Janine, this is Mark here. Yes. So in our 2016 out-spend about $600 million, $650 million of capital using a recent strip price around $34, $2.20 gas. We are looking at coming in the year with $539million of cash. We are looking exiting the year somewhere around $400 million of cash add back to 16.
Jeanine Wai: And can you give a little bit of clarity on what that non-D&C is?
Mark Burford: Yes. So the non-D&C drilling is comprised of about $35 million. We are targeting for the lease-hold acquisition, about $120 million roughly for capitalized overhead, it was about $40 million for production capital or at least for our production group capital for the re-completion and well maintenance, eight wells.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. And then I know that you have mentioned that IRR is not the only factor in determining activity for this year, but can you give us a little sense of whether you have an after tax IRR hurdle in this environment or kind of what the after tax returns are on some of the plays that you mentioned that are performing very well in the current environment?
John Lambuth: Well, this is John. And yes, we always have on our way to return hurdles. They are a little bit challenging right now. What we find ourselves  I guess what I find myself doing, there has been a lot of time looking at just flat price returns, I just dont spend much time looking at strip right now. And then we look at those flat prices and we ask ourselves, is this a good investment. Especially these wells we are drilling to hold acreage. And in this environment, its tough, I will admit. But when we look at that and look at the future potential of that section we are holding, we still feel like we are making a very good investment in drilling those wells. So right now again, we definitely look at the IRR and quite frankly, that means some of the acreage that we have will not be held because no matter what scenario, whatever flat price I look at, its hard to envision how holding a certain set of acreage is in the best interest of Cimarex. That said, we have a lot of good acreage to hold there on and I am very pleased with that.
Tom Jorden: Janine, this is Tom. We run everything currently down to around $30 NYMEX oil and $2 NYMEX gas held flat forever. So those are index prices, and then we will deduct whatever market deduct to get back to the wellhead. And we would like to see our cost of capital are better at that flat price. And then we will also look at the strip. And let me just answer your question this way. If we were forced to increase activity and we had an A-tax 25% hurdle rate. We have lots to do in our portfolio. If we werent tasked with holding acreage and we can just go drill at will and there were no other considerations, when we look at these long laterals in the Wolfcamp, the long laterals in the Cana, Meramec play, we have lots of them that generate, what I would say, are acceptable returns at current strip. But as John said, we have a lot of considerations currently. We dont think prices will stay here forever. We have some outstanding acreage that we would like to hold, not all of which can be developed with long laterals. We have partner considerations. And then we also have some science that we want to get done that will really set up the future. So its a balancing act. One thing that we will not do, one thing we will absolutely not do is liquidate this company because we are in a $30 oil environment. So we are going to make judgment calls as we see fit.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thanks very much for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Drew Venker: Good morning everyone.
Tom Jorden: Hi Drew.
Drew Venker: If you could provide some clarity just on that you are targeting a leverage ratio or if you are still thinking about spending the remainder of the secondary offering proceeds or how you are setting the budget really?
Mark Burford: Drew, this is Mark. As I mentioned, what we are looking at planning for 16 right now, with our current $600 million, $650 million of cash, capital plan for 16 and the recent strip price forecast for cash flow, we think we would use up from December 739 million we exited 15 with net debt of 16 out $400 million of cash in the balance sheet. So no, we didnt expect to use remainder of the proceeds in 16 and we are going to see how the environment flattens out before we get that activity further, but no, we do not plan to use in 16 and then even in 17 we are still looking at different scenarios now and what pace will be in 17.
Drew Venker: Mark is there a target leverage ratio or is that not really a primary consideration?
Mark Burford: Drew, we really have one financial covenant, which really in our credit facility which the debt to cap covenant, which is limited to debt cap of 65% and we exited the fourth quarter of 35%. And going into 16, we dont see us having any issue of that covenant, even with potential future impairments, which are likely with the fact that prices are continuing to still  drilling 12 months average is still declining through 16, but we will have to watch that metric. Our debt to EBITDA metric typically would have been 1.5x or less, but with  in our dropping commodity prices, that metric is obviously more challenging and the exit year 12-month price debt-to-EBITDA of 1.9x. Going into 16, we expect that probably likely will go into low 3s or so into 16 with EBITDA still falling lower prices.
Drew Venker: Okay, alright. Thats helpful color.
Mark Burford: Because they are in fact thrilled, we have a covenant that we have to watch carefully, Drew, with the rest of the covenants. We just  we were projected as basically we are not in fact expect incurring incremental debt in this environment and indeed in the future for some time. We expect to just have the $1.5 billion of senior secured notes outstanding. We dont expect any bank borrowings in the near future.
Tom Jorden: Drew, its Tom. I want to be clear and I think I have been, but we have actually made this tactical decision to try to keep as much cash on our balance sheet so that we are well positioned when this situation turns around. We think that the best activity level for Cimarex in 2016 is preservation mode. We want to make sure we preserve our assets, we preserve our obligations and we preserve our flexibility. But our goal is to keep as much cash as we can on the balance sheet as we look ahead so that we are well-positioned to strike when we see some daylight.
Drew Venker: Right. Yes, that all makes sense, I think. I guess, and along that vein, does it make sense to layer on hedges albeit I realized the forward curve is not really where you would like it to be but maybe for you and for 2017? Is that  does that make sense strategically?
Tom Jorden: Yes, Drew, we have for sometime now. We are working towards having a quarterly progression in our hedging program. And we did take steps in the first quarter, hedged 40 million a day for 15 months for second quarter of 16 to second quarter of 17. And that was a layer that we will put in is targeting on about 10% of our four production roughly in that neighborhood. And we look at it again. And we were targeting 4,000, 5,000 barrels a day of oil would be our target for the first quarter. Other, as you mentioned a forward strip in oil prevented us from taking that step on oil, but each quarter, we are going to look at that forward projection on our volumes and look at clearing maybe 10% on our volumes each quarter and over a period of time, when you hope to get to about 50%, our volume covered. But we have been inhibited by low oil price for taking that step on oil.
Drew Venker: Okay. If I could circle back on the new Wolfcamp A completions, is the plan to implement that new style on the rest of your program? I know you said you would use it on the density pilot, but all of you are drilling in 2016, is that applicable to the Wolfcamp C and D as well?
John Lambuth: This is John. Well, its certainly applicable to come up with the next new innovation on it, yes, I mean, we plan to use that current design on that spacing pilot. We have a little bit different design for the lower grades. Suffice it to say that, even with that design, as we talked earlier with one of the earlier questions, we are still looking to see how we can even improve upon that, to be honest, very pleased with the results from that frac design. What I really like about those wells and we are looking at the other day is just how well they are holding in over time from a decline perspective. I mean, they are very attractive wells for us. But again, it doesnt mean that, thats where we are going to stay  standstill with that design, we are going to keep asking ourselves, how can we make it even better as we go forward?
Drew Venker: And John, how do the returns compete with the rest of the portfolio assuming that this uplift is repeatable?
John Lambuth: Well, I can simply tell you we look at our programs, we look at different flat prices like the one Tom mentioned. And certainly right now, the two-mile Upper Wolfcamp and Culberson in that area is one of our top tier programs right now, especially with the most recent well results. So, it looks very, very good to us. And we are very anxious to get that spacing pilot in, so we can start to hone in on exactly what the full potential is for that zone for us from a development standpoint.
Drew Venker: Great. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt Portillo of TPH. Please go ahead.
Matt Portillo: Good morning, everyone.
Tom Jorden: Hi, Matt.
Mark Burford: Good morning, Matt.
Matt Portillo: Just a couple of quick clarification questions, on the theoretical 2017 production with the timing of the Cana completions, I just wanted to see you clarify when thinking about the exit rate Q4 15 of about $985 million a day, would the thought be that with the Cana completions, the total corporate production could reach that level again by kind of Q2 2017 if everything kind of stays on plan as you guys envision it at the moment? 
Joe Albi: Yes, Matt, this is Joe. I will answer that. What we have modeled is kind of the worst case where that production doesnt start until the first half or first part of 17. And in that scenario, we are about up to the same corporate total company levels by Q2 17. And if we speed up things, we might find ourselves in maybe the Q1 time period. So again, its all timing. And somebody with their questions alluded to the fact that these are big projects, you have got multiple wells all coming on at once. And you saw what roll forward did for us from Q3 to Q4, significant increase in our Cana production, from 405  Mid-Continent from $405 million to $461 million a day. So, those are big swings. You can see the difference between the Q4  if you imply a Q4 exit rate with a typical decline or whatever, you might think we are going to be in the high 800s. And all of a sudden, two quarters later, we are 100 million a day higher than that. So, its just the nature of the beast and its all about timing.
Matt Portillo: Great, thats helpful. And then just the second question on 2016 guidance, I was hoping that you potentially could provide a little bit of clarity around the midstream impact and the curtailments, I think you guys alluded to some of those still impacting Q1, but was curious how thats impacted your full year expectations as well. And any color or timing on when those may ultimately reverse here?
Joe Albi: Yes, this is Joe. I will answer that one as well. The gist of it is we are modeling that is going to transpire here in Q1. We have been able to work some other marketing arrangements in and around the downstream curtailment that we have right now and hope to have those plus the remedy itself of the facility that was impacted with the fire that you are aware of. I will finalize by March, late March. And then of course, we have our Hidalgo plant coming on not too far after that and then there is a number of other processing alternatives that are on the map and pretty close to completion that we feel like mid to late this year, we are going to be in very good shape.
Matt Portillo: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jason Smith: Hey, good morning everyone.
Tom Jorden: Hi, Jason.
Jason Smith: So, Tom, the Meramec vessels, well, I think it was a ways away from your other vessels in the Meramec. And I know you have the down-spacing pilot this year, but any plans to test the flanks of your acreage position there at all in 2016? And also just curious if you have any near-term HBP requirements, I guess, outside of what you consider your de-risked area?
John Lambuth: Yes, this is John. Yes, we will be testing quite a bit of extension acreage throughout the Meramec. Part of that will be to essentially hold our acreage. A part of it also would be delineation. We are still constantly surprised, not just by our results, but as Tom alluded to, a lot of competitor results that are kind of changing the landscape within the map in the Meramec. And its given us some encouragement, especially as we look more to the Western side is looking much more attractive to us. Unfortunately for us, we have a pretty nice position over there. In fact, thats where lot of the new leasing that we have picked up is in more of that area. So yes, throughout the rest of this year will be geographically spreading across that map quite a bit with the wells that we would be drilling and that will just help us further delineate the full potential for this interval.
Tom Jorden: Jason, its Tom. Just let me follow-up on that. One of the things that we are seeing in the Meramec is a fair variability, but also a fair availability of results with landing zone. Landing zone seems to have a fairly strong impact in a way that has surprised as compared to the Woodford below it. And so I think as we go forward, you are probably going to hear us talking more and more about the Mississippi as opposed to the Meramec that some of the lower section, you hear the Osage being talked about as the target. And thats looking more and more interesting to us. There are some really good wells out there that are hard to explain if you only have the Meramec to explain it with. And so as John said, there is a tremendous amount of upside for us not only in our acreage but also operational improvements as we test landing zones and then also completions. We are pretty bullish on that play right now and our position. And although we generally read competition everywhere, there is some competition out there thats giving us a lot of good information and its just shining a very positive light on our position.
Jason Smith: Thanks for that detail. And my follow-up is a little bit different direction here. The dividend is now a lot bigger part of your cash flow at current prices, you obviously have the cash on your balance sheet to cover it, but just curious on your thoughts around where it fits and the benefits of maintaining at current levels?
Tom Jorden: Well, we are committed to dividend. We have got some very long-term owners that for whom its important. I will say, I was expecting that call because I know so many of our peers in their end of your late release had addressed their dividend. We have a Board meeting next week and thats certainly going to been an active topic with the Board and we will make decision around whats appropriate.
Jason Smith: Thanks Tom. I appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Hall of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please go ahead.
Michael Hall: Thanks. Good morning.
Tom Jorden: Hi, Michael.
Michael Hall: I was wondering if you could maybe just provide a little additional granularity around the planned completions in the 2016 program outside of these kind of key projects that you have highlighted. First in the Permian, outside of the Tim Tam and the Reeves County infill, I guess you talked about 31 completions coming out through the course of the year. I am just curious what the composition of those other wells looks like, be it Bone Spring or Culberson, Upper Wolfcamp, Lower Wolfcamp, etcetera? And then I have...
Joe Albi: Yes, this is Joe. As far as the net well counts of wells that are being completed during the year, we see about the majority of them, two-thirds of them are in the Wolfcamp, Culberson and Reeves. And then the remainder is primarily Bone Spring. And as I have mentioned in my discussion early on, we got a couple of rigs hitting them right now, right. And we are going to drop them down. So you are going to see our net completions in the area overall, wells waiting on completion increased to about 20 or something in the middle of the year. And then its going to come on down as we pull those rigs back and keep our frac crude running at taper itself down to just six waiting on completion at the end of the year. So sorry, two-thirds Wolfcamp, one-third Bone Spring and really just kind of she goes consistent completion pattern during the year.
Tom Jorden: Yes. No, he is absolutely right. I will just point out the Bone Spring component, essentially those wells were drilled and so they will be completed in the first half. And then all of the rigs for the rest of the year will be dedicated towards Wolfcamp, towards finishing up the pilots. And then the rest of the time, its all about acreage holding. So yes, there is a component of Bone Spring, but thats early in the year and everything else to the rest of the year is Wolfcamp.
Michael Hall: And that Wolfcamp activity outside of the Tim Tam and the Reeves and so, is that predominantly upper or lower or thats from a leasehold perspectives are you incentivized to...?
Tom Jorden: As we have talked about before, it all kind of depends on the lease and what we need to do in order to hold, depend on the lease term, a lot of them maybe lower Wolfcamps, others could be upper. I dont have that breakdown for you. I do know that as a program, we are about half and half, half net wells in Culberson, half approximately in Reeves for the year.
Michael Hall: Yes, thats helpful. And then I guess, similar question in the Meramec program, I am just curious how many  I am sorry if I missed this, but how many completions are you expecting in 2016 in Meramec?
Joe Albi: Yes, this is Joe. The majority of them, about two-thirds will be  this is not counting the infill program, which we said we have deferred into the Woodford development program, which were deferred in 17, but of the 16 completions, approximately two-thirds are in the Meramec and then just some little singles in and around that. But John, I dont know if you want to move to that?
John Lambuth: No. Joe is absolutely right. Again, we are pushing back in the Eastern core development theoretically into 17. The majority of our completions will be Meramec. And then we have the occasional Woodford one-off well where we still continue to expand and test the boundaries of our Woodford play.
Michael Hall: And how many completions is that, sorry if I missed it?
Joe Albi: It will be total of about 16 net completions.
Michael Hall: Great. Thanks. Then I just wanted to understand a little better around the decision to  I guess yes just the decisions around the timing of that road development and bringing that on production late in the year, early next year, is that  it sounded like its more a function maybe of holding acreage and in the Mid-Continent as opposed to just logistical considerations with.?
John Lambuth: Well, this is John. And I will just say, as I alluded to in my comments, we have a partner and we develop these roads. We coordinate with our partner from a standpoint of the frac calendar. We recognize that to achieve the optimal result, we have to work together. We have to time our frac schedule appropriately as we bring these wells on. Our partner has indicated to us that, at this time they would like to delay that frac schedule. And so we are working with them and coordinating with them to the best of our ability. We have emphasized we would like to move it up some, if we could. We decide the positions were taken, but I think we would like to move it up in the year if we could. And we are having those ongoing discussions right now. And we will see where it ends. I think what we have done is we presented you maybe you could call the worse case scenario where they get pushed all the way to early 17. But there is a chance perhaps we can push them up earlier into 16, I think that would be our preference.
Michael Hall: Thats really helpful color. I appreciate it, John. And then last one or I guess two more quick ones for me. Number one, just to be clear, I want to make sure I am reading this right, the total CapEx is at $650 million to $700 million or is that $50 million of midstream included in that $600 million to $650 million?
Mark Burford: No, Mike. The $600 million to $650 million is the E&D spending. There is an incremental $58 million from midstream and other capital incremental to the $600 million and $650 million, so the $650 million to $700 million with it.
Michael Hall: Perfect. And then last one, you mentioned you had some minimum volume commitment payments, is there much more exposure to that through the course of 16 anyway to quantify that?
Joe Albi: Yes. This is Joe. As best as we are modeling right now, we have taken the gist of that.
Michael Hall: Alright. Thank you very much.
Tom Jorden: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Karen Acierno for any closing remarks.
Karen Acierno: Well, thanks everyone for joining us. Apologies to those of you who are still in the queue, we have run out of time, but if you would like to call up with those questions, feel free to do so. And have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Jeffrey W. Hutton - Senior Vice President-Marketing
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. David E. Beard - Coker and Palmer Investment Securities, Inc. David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Dinges, Chairman, President, and CEO. Please go ahead.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Carrie, and good morning to all. I appreciate you joining us on this third quarter earnings call. I do have the management team gathered with me. And also, as usual, the forward-looking statements included in this morning's release do apply to my comments today. We would like to touch upon a couple of financial and operating highlights from the third quarter that were outlined in the release this morning. First, the equivalent net production for the third quarter was 1.544 Bcf billion cubic foot equivalent per day, an increase of 7% as compared to the third quarter of 2014. Year-to-date, our production volumes have increased 19% relative to the first nine months of 2014. Operating cash flow, discretionary cash flow, and EBITDAX were $146 million, $150 million and $168 million respectively. All of these financial metrics were lower relative to the third quarter of 2014 primarily as a result of a 34% decline in realized natural gas prices and a 54% decline in realized oil prices which also resulted in a slight loss for the quarter. Operationally, I'll move to the Marcellus first. Similar to our discussion in the second quarter, we continue to curtail production in the Marcellus during the third quarter due to the weak pricing throughout Appalachia. There are two takeaway projects coming online during the fourth quarter that will be beneficial to Cabot, one of which comes online in November and one that will be in service beginning in December. Our new capacity and long term sales on these projects will allow Cabot to accelerate production sequentially in the fourth quarter at better price realizations than we are expecting in the local market today. We're cautiously optimistic for an improvement in price realizations in 2016 due to the impact of new takeaway capacity coming online over the next few quarters on the demand side, and the impact of significant reduction in industry activity on the supply side. Currently, there are only nine rigs operating in Northeast Pennsylvania compared to 25 rigs this time last year, that's a 64% decline. On the completion front, there are less than a handful of frac crews working at any point in time, and those crews have moved primarily to daylight operations which certainly translates into less frac stages being completed per crew. While our price realizations continue to be challenged as we await new infrastructure, our operations continued to exceed expectations with a focus on continuously improving our capital efficiency. On the drilling side, our team continues to set new records. In the Marcellus, our average spud-to-spud cycle time during the third quarter was 14 days as compared to 18 days in the third quarter of 2014. That's a 22% improvement, despite our average total measured depth increasing by almost 10%. This has resulted in roughly a 25% decrease in drilling cost per lateral foot. Most of these savings are sticky, which means that they're not tied to the current cyclical reduction in service cost. We have two rig contracts in the Marcellus expiring at year-end. And we anticipate a significant reduction in day rates going forward, further reducing our drilling cost as we move into 2016. On the completion side, we have continued to see downward pressure on pumping costs in our operations. While we are not currently forecasting another meaningful downward step change in frac cost in 2016, I do believe we will see further declines across various service lines given the current and the anticipated activity levels across Appalachia next year. We're currently operating three rigs in the Marcellus. However, we will drop to two rigs by the end of this year with the intention of accelerating our activity levels in the third quarter of 2016 in anticipation of the in-service of Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise pipelines. More on those pipelines later. In the Eagle Ford, we experienced an 8% sequential decline in liquid volumes, which reflects the impact of our natural declines as we have reduced the amount of activity in the play due to lower oil prices. To provide context, during the quarter, we completed only seven wells in the Eagle Ford and only placed six wells on production. Our activity  the current activity levels are driven by obligatory lease and operational commitments. We also anticipate a further reduction in activity in the fourth quarter, which will result in a slight sequential decline in liquid volumes for the third to fourth quarter. On the positive side, operationally, we have continued to see improvements, especially in our drilling operation. This quarter, we experienced another 15% to 20% reduction in drilling cost per lateral foot as compared to the second quarter, which were driven primarily by improving the operational efficiencies. Currently, we're drilling our Eagle Ford wells at 30% to 40% faster than our 2014 average. Quite an impressive job by the team. We are currently operating one rig in the Eagle Ford, and we plan to drop that rig by the end of the second quarter of 2016 when the contract expires unless we see a significant uplift in oil prices during the first half of this next year. Based on this level of activity in 2016, we should be able to maintain all of our leasehold, while averaging full-year liquids production volumes that are flat to our fourth quarter liquid volumes this year. On Constitution update, since Constitution's status is likely on everybody's mind, I would like to provide that update as we highlight some of the significant benefits of this project that I personally believe do not get enough attention and are not fully understood. On the second quarter call, you might recall in July, we outlined the progress Constitution Pipeline had achieved to-date including the filing of the FERC implementation plan, finalizing the reroute variance and finalizing all the outstanding issues with the New York DEC. We also reported that we were optimistic to begin construction in the fall and we're still planning on an in-service date in the second half to meet the heating season demand for New York and New England next winter. To be blunt and to the point, we have not received the 401 water quality permit from New York, which is necessary for the mainline construction of the pipeline. There remains a few other outstanding approvals as well, but these issue should fall into place very quickly once New York issues the 401 certificate. Given the continued delay in the issuance of this permit from New York, I do want to take this opportunity to highlight a number of very important and significant benefits that the Constitution Pipeline will provide both during construction and after in-service. First and foremost, job creation and retention. Construction of the project is estimated to directly and indirectly create 2,400 jobs and generate about $130 million in labor income to the region. These jobs are high-paying and will utilize the excellent skills of the local unionized labor force. In fact, Constitution, in conjunction with Leatherstocking Gas Company will directly provide natural gas to one of the largest employers in the area, the Amphenol Aerospace plant in Sidney, New York which employs more than 1,000 unionized employees. In 2011, the state administration committed to Amphenol that the plant would have access to natural gas and company leaders are on record as stating that access to Constitution Pipeline is a key reason why the plant has chosen to remain in Sidney, New York. Amphenol was awarded a $750,000 grant by the Delaware County Industrial Development Agency in New York for the construction of a natural gas pipeline from Constitution to their facility. On tax revenues, another significant benefit on the project, once operational Constitution economic impact is anticipated to result in more than $13 million in annual tax property revenue. This project is privately financed with no government subsidies, tax breaks, or incentives. Project will pay millions in annual property tax payments to localities and school districts. Approximately 60% of taxes paid by this project will directly benefit local school districts along the pipeline route. Third, Constitution Pipeline will link New York State with lower cost energy. New York is the fourth largest natural gas consuming state in our country, and their consumers currently experienced some of the highest rates for natural gas in the United States. Once complete, the pipeline will provide consumers reliable supplies of low-cost energy, addressing one of the key challenges of State New York faces in remaining competitive with other manufacturing regions. The pipeline will transport enough gas  natural gas each day to serve about 3 million homes, many of which will be located in New York. Plans are already under way to provide new natural gas services in parts of Broome, Chenango, and Delaware Counties, which have never before enjoy natural gas access. Further delays in issuing the final permit risks the project's 2016 in-service date which means that New York energy consumers will have to wait another full year to receive the relief from the extraordinarily high energy prices experienced during the winter/heating season. Lastly, this pipeline is consistent with the New York State Energy Plan. Due to ongoing issues with the Indian Point nuclear facility, New York needs an alternative fuel source for power generation in the Long Island area. Constitution will connect to Iroquois gas pipeline which currently serves natural gas electric generation plants in the same area as Indian Point. Constitution brings additional capacity for new or expanded gas use for power generation in the state. In fact, Constitution Pipeline was specifically highlighted in the New York State Energy Plan as critical gas transmission infrastructure needed to meet New York's expanding energy needs. The state currently utilizes natural gas for over 36% of its electric generation, and the New York State Energy Plan calls for a 32% increase in natural gas usage which can help reduce emissions as the state transitions away from the usage of coal and heating oil to cleaner fuels like natural gas. I think you can see how New York State will benefit greatly from Constitution Pipeline. The projects is supported by legislators, local officials, unions, business, trade groups both in New York and throughout New England, as well as several New England governors. We look forward to beginning construction of this project as soon as possible. Assuming that Constitution team can begin construction activities in the next few months, we are optimistic that the project can be placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2016 in order to help meet the growing natural gas demands in New York. In the morning's press release, we provided an update of our 2015 guidance, as well as initiated preliminary guidance for 2016. Based on our anticipated production levels for the fourth quarter, we have adjusted our full-year 2015 production guidance to a range of 12% to 14%. This adjustment reflects our price outlook for the fourth quarter and our corresponding decision to continue curtailments on a portion of our production for the remainder of the year. While fourth quarter volumes are expected to increase 5% sequentially at the midpoint relative to the third quarter, this does imply a slight year-over-year decline of the fourth quarter driven by our strategy to curtail volumes in light of the current price environment. We have also reduced our 2015 capital program to $850 million. The reduced capital program is the result of a reduction in our planned level of activity in the fourth quarter as well as the impact of further cost reductions from improving efficiencies and lower service costs. In addition, we anticipate approximately $35 million of commitments this year associated with the equity ownership in Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise pipelines. Our preliminary 2016 budget was built from the bottom up with focus on spending within cash flow at recent strip prices, while still providing measured growth in 2016 and still investing the appropriate amount of growth capital for 2017 that allows us to accelerate our production growth into better price points upon in-service of Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise. Our focus on maximizing efficiencies throughout the program results in a plan that provides economic wellhead returns even at our conservative low price assumptions, and results in a continued reduction in our unit cost. I will emphasize, however, that this is a preliminary budget based on our current expectations over the next year, and we certainly reserve the right to call an audible on this plan as we monitor the commodity price environment and the approval process of the key takeaway projects we are participating in. We have initiated our preliminary 2016 production growth guidance in the range at 2% to 10%. Low end to midpoint assumes that the headwinds on price realizations we're experiencing today persists throughout 2016. And we continue to curtail a modest portion of our production, while the high end assumes an improvement in price realizations and reflects an uncurtailed production profile without spending any additional capital. This production growth range is based on E&P capital budget of $615 million. Additionally, we have approximately $150 million of equity investment in Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise planned for next year. Depending on the timing of construction of both these projects, that number could change throughout the year, but currently assumes a fourth quarter 2016 in-service date for our Constitution and a third quarter 2017 in-service date for Atlantic Sunrise. Drilling, completion and facility capital will account for approximately 93% of the capital budget, with approximately 74% allocated to the Marcellus Shale and 26% allocated to the Eagle Ford Shale. In total, we plan to drill approximately 60 net wells in 2016 and complete approximately 90 net wells. This level of activity will allow us to meet all of our obligatory drilling and operating commitments, maintain operating efficiencies throughout the program, and sets us up for acceleration of growth into 2017. While we'd be able to hold our Marcellus production volumes flat this next year by only spending approximately $175 million in drilling, completion capital, and we have allocated capital in next year's program that will provide for expanded growth in 2017 assuming Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise remain on the schedule we've outlined, all while generating free cash flow under our conservative price assumptions. As we continue to focus on improving capital efficiencies, our average planned lateral length in our 2016 program are approximately 25% longer than the 2015 program at 6,700 feet in the Marcellus and 9,500 feet in the Eagle Ford. The average drilling and completion cost for Cabot's 2016 program of longer laterals and more stages per well as compared to 2015 are $6.6 million and $6.3 million for the Marcellus and Eagle Ford, respectively. This represents a drilling and completion cost decrease of over 15% on a per-lateral-foot basis relative to our 2015 budgeted cost. Based on our budgeted price assumptions, 2016 program generates free cash flow before taking in consideration our pipeline commitments. This assumes a slight improvement year-over-year in the local basis differentials; however, we will be closely monitoring the impact of the following items on local pricing over the next quarters; new takeaway capacity in Appalachia, a supply side rationalization from reduced activity levels, and the winter demand. The good news is that we have plenty of flexibility in our plan to adopt our program throughout the year as the market warrants. While 2016 will be a challenged year, our ability to generate free cash flow from our drilling program at these low commodity prices, while also providing production growth and investing a significant amount of growth capital for 2017, speaks to the quality of our assets, our highly efficient operating plan, and our historically low-cost structure. With that, Carrie, I'll be more than happy to answer any questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. At this time we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. Our first question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Good morning, Dan.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So I wonder if you could help us with the shut-in volumes and how we should think about how you're prioritizing the next moves with your slowdown in activity. What I mean is, do you  does the volume come back before you add more rigs? And if you could quantify for me, and I've got a follow-up, please.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Doug. We have curtailed volumes right now. We have volumes that were not moving that do not require any additional capital to move those incremental volumes. And keep in mind that in regard to curtailed volumes, we might get the question in regard to how much you shut-in and what ability you have to be able to move incremental volumes. But we have adjusted our capital program as we've gone through 2015 to take in consideration curtailments. And so, that tweaking of our capital allocation has certainly delayed some of our originally scheduled and budgeted frac stage completions. And we've also amended our directives to the frac crew to initiate only during daylight hours. So, we're sliding out some of that activity. So, as we roll through the year and the amount of activity we're conducting right now, and the various swings that we have through our marketing group on a month-to-month on what we're moving, that curtailed volume is a variable number, if you will.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I'll maybe follow up offline. My follow-up, Dan, is really more I guess on the assumptions for the spending next year. Are you looking to spend within cash flow including the pipeline affiliate CapEx? And if so, can you give us some idea  I know it's a really tough question to answer, but what are your thoughts on the differential in your plan for 2016?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, the capital allocation, the $615 million, is to the drilling completion program where 93% of that is directed to that. The additional $150 million is allocated to the Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise. And that's making the assumption if some of those expenditures fall in line as we have currently predicted which would have an in-service date of Constitution of the end of 2016 and the September in-service date of Atlantic Sunrise. And the total expenditure, if the $150 million of equity investments and pipeline is made, there will be a slight overspend of cash flow at these conservative prices that we've used. And as far as the differential is concerned, we have forecast a slight compression of the differentials into 2016, and the assumption we're making there is that some of these takeaway items that we've referenced in November of this year and in December of this year along with the expectation of Constitution coming online, we think on a weighted average basis that our differentials would compact a little bit.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I'll leave it there. Thanks, Dan.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phillip Jungwirth of BMO. Please go ahead.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets: Hey. Good morning.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets: When you referenced accelerating Marcellus activity in the third quarter in anticipation of Constitution coming online, does this imply that you'll increase the rig count from the two rigs or would you primarily be looking to increase completions? And is three rigs still a good estimate of maintenance activity or what needs to hold 2 Bcf a day of gross production flat?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Phillip, on both those questions you're accurate, we would be around the three rig count in the Marcellus. And we feel like we'll be able to maintain our production flat with the capital program that we've outlined, if that's what we choose to do.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then most of your or many of the Appalachian producers are hedged in 2016, and in some cases well beyond that. Could you update us on your latest thoughts around hedging in 2015 or 2017 both your NYMEX and local pricing exposure?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We're unhedged in 2016 and 2017. And I think the industry as a whole is probably less than 20% hedged in 2016 and certainly lower percentage hedged in 2017. Our desire would be to hedge volumes and protect some of the space. It's been a difficult market to hedge. If you look at it, it has not been a real liquid market. And the discount that we've been able to realize when we've gotten quotes has not been attractive but enough for us to place the hedges.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets: And then of the $150 million in JV contributions planned for 2016, could you break that out by Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise? And then, would this be all of the required CapEx for Constitution or would you still have some spending that could fill in to 2017?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, we have $100 million allocated to Constitution and $50 million allocated to Atlantic Sunrise for 2016.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Morris of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. Dan, I think in the past, you've indicated that essentially, the drop dead date for beginning construction on Constitution in order to get it completed in on line or in-service next year is early January and that assumes everything went smoothly. Is that still the case?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Bob. The window is certainly still open for us. We do need the New York approval. And your timing is accurate on being able to commence construction sometime in the mid or latter part of January to be able to move forward and meet our commissioning on the fourth quarter of 2016. That's correct.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And then my second question is, once you drop the rig in the Eagle Ford, what is the oil price you need in order to put a rig back to work there and pick activity back up in Eagle Ford?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's not a specific number we're looking at Bob. It's going to be a function of several things. One, how efficient we've been able to execute the program based on the assumptions that we've made. And also, certainly, looking at the dynamics of the  macro dynamics of the natural gas market and looking at what commodity price differentials we've been able to realize throughout the first part of 2016. Those things will play into our decision about the allocation of additional capital, obviously, along with the cost of a barrel and what, frankly, what service cost do, in fact, if you do see a increase in the value per barrel.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And on the service cost, you don't expect any reduction in completion cost next year in the Marcellus, why is that?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We do expect a little bit of reduction in the completion cost in 2016.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. All right, I must have misheard you. Thank you.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. We expect the drilling completion cost to be over 15% per lateral foot less than what we saw in 2015.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Right. But I thought it was just on the completion side.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. That's both drilling and complete  yeah.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pearce Hammond of Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: Good morning, Dan. Thanks for taking my questions.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Pearce.
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: My first question is on the 2016 production guidance, can you provide any kind of mix or liquids production growth?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, our liquids is going to be consistent with what we exit our fourth quarter of 2015 average. And that's going to be our liquids number. And we were thinking anywhere between 14,000 to 15,500 barrels is the fourth quarter guidance. Natural gas, we're going to be at 1.475 to 1.6 as our fourth quarter guidance.
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: Great. Thank you. And then how many drilled uncompleted wells do you think you'll have at year end 2015 based on your guidance for 2016? It looks like that's coming down by about 30 wells. I had in my notes previously that you are talking about having about 70 wells in backlog at year-end 2015, about 50 in the Marcellus and about 20 in the Eagle Ford. I'm just curious if that was still the same.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. We're going to have 55 or so in the Marcellus and we'll have, Steve, 22 wells in the Eagle Ford that are in backlog going into 2016.
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: And then at year-end 2016, that's going to be reduced by approximately 30 based on your guidance?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We have 39 wells in the Marcellus, and we have about seven wells in the Eagle Ford.
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: Thank you. And then one last from me, just a clarification, in the prepared remarks, did you say that it will take about $175 million of CapEx to hold your production flat in the Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. If you wanted to hold it flat...
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: For maintenance...
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. That's what it would take.
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: And so, does that imply that there's about $250 million, $280 million of growth CapEx for the Marcellus for this next year?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: Okay. All right. Thank you very much, Dan.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And some of that obviously is directed towards 2017 also.
Pearce Wheless Hammond - Simmons & Company International: Great. Thank you, Dan.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Brackett of Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks, guys, for the color on your curtailed production and kind of wells in backlog. What do you see your competitors in Northeast, PA having in terms of those two curtailed production and wells in backlog?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Bob, that's hard to get our arms around. We think there are curtailed volumes up there. There certainly has been a reduction in the level of activity as we referenced nine rigs and only a handful of rigs and, I mean, completion crews. And we think there will be, from this point forward, we think there'll be less than 700 or so stages completed between now and year-end up in the Northeast, PA. So, to be able to say how much is curtailed and how much is being worked off, it's a hard number to come up with.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And a quick question, going from 24-hour to 12-hour completion crews, is there a cost related to that or loss of efficiency?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think, we probably  I think, it's safe to say you have a little bit loss of efficiency by not doing 24/7 operations. But overall, when we reference our decrease in cost from 2015 to our anticipated cost in 2016, we certainly have taken that ineffective part of our program into consideration.
Bob Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Brian.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: If we take your 2016 CapEx guidance together with your backlog and curtailments, what production capacity should we expect you to have at the end of 2016? And really trying to think about the upside case in which Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise come on by 2017, what additional drilling you'll need to meet those obligations?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hard number to come up with, specifically, on what we have. I'm kind of looking around the table and nobody's raised their hand yet on that, Brian. But let me say it this way that as we put together our program for 2016, we felt and certainly feel very comfortable about what we're able to deliver in volumes for 2016. Highlighting that point is the amount of capital necessary to just keep us flat is  it's not inconsequential but it's not a very, very high number at all. But looking at 2016 was not really the target of what we tried to accomplish with our program. We approach it in a conservative manner, trying to stay within cash flow, using a conservative commodity price. And, frankly, in our range that we used, again, risking our number, though our expectation is Constitution will be a 2016 event, we have actually not included any volumes in our 2% to 10% range on the production range that we provided in our guidance. So, in looking at what we're able to have rolling out of 2016 with our current capital program, and looking at our ability to ramp up in a fairly short fashion, if we wanted to add some incremental capital, we have no question rolling into the end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017 that we're going to be able to fill not only Constitution but also Atlantic Sunrise which gets us to the 1.35 additional incremental  1.35 Bcf a day that we expect to be moving in 2017.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thanks. I mean, that kind of dovetails to the usual question of when Constitution comes online and frankly when Atlantic Sunrise comes online, assuming they do, is that your intention to grow incrementally by that 1.35 Bcf a day or would you take some of your production currently oversupply in the local market and divert it on to those pipelines? My sense here is you're more willing to guide to/consider the latter, but maybe you could expand on that and then further follow-up that if you did want to grow by 1.35 Bcf a day from here, would you need a big ramp up in the rig counts?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, yes. We're going to need to grow  the total volume to be incremental, we would have to move the rig count up a little bit and we would complete additional stages then we have forecast for, probably the latter part of 2016. But, I still feel like, and if Phil was sitting here, that if we see that everything is staying online in the latter part of 2016 that everything, or Atlantic Sunrise is in queue moving towards the September commissioning that we would be able to meet those volumes, 850 million a day as incremental volumes with our anticipated 2017 program. Certainly, we haven't made the guidance in release of what our capital program and activity level would be in 2017. But we would be able to meet the September commissioning of Atlantic Sunrise with incremental volumes to where we stand today.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Assuming some normal but not  assuming some ramp-up in the rig count, as you mentioned.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: That's right.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Beard of Coker Palmer. Please go ahead.
David E. Beard - Coker and Palmer Investment Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, Dan. Most of my questions have been asked. But I wonder if you could give us a little color on the service costs that you outlined. Is that a 15% decline from average of this year or from this point going forward? And could you give us any color of that number between efficiencies and actually price cuts?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Okay. The cost  the 15% drilling completion cost  total well cost reduction is from our average of 2015 costs. And I'm sorry, David, I didn't get the second part of your question.
David E. Beard - Coker and Palmer Investment Securities, Inc.: And just of that 15% decline per lateral foot, how much of that comes from efficiencies versus price declines from vendors?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We had a slide in our most recent investor presentation. And on the completion side, the majority of the cost is from cost reductions. On the drilling side, the majority of the cost is from efficiencies. And we have a slightly higher cost on the total well cost, drilling and complete, completion costs represent a little bit higher percentage of total well cost than the drilling side.
David E. Beard - Coker and Palmer Investment Securities, Inc.: Good. That's helpful. Appreciate the color. Thanks for the time.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Good morning, Dan. Thanks for all the color and everything.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, David.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just as a point of clarification, with Atlantic Sunrise, obviously, being larger volumetrically coming on in second half of 2017, is it fair to say that the 2016 program that you have lined out right now, even if Constitution gets delayed even further that this is sort of like the minimal amount of activity that you would have going on in the Marcellus because there's obviously not a whole lot of capital required to keep the production flat. But as you're looking at this multi-year progression ramping into what would be required for Atlantic Sunrise as well, if by some measure we end up thinking that Constitution is going to come on line materially later than anticipated, is there some downside to that 2016 CapEx number?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Downside in the sense that we would reduce our capital program.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: You'll be spending less than  yeah.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We would manage that, yes. We would manage that allocation of capital, and we certainly do not want to have capital sitting out in the field that we can't monetize. So, we would probably reduce our exposure, reduce our capital until the appropriate time that we could plan for the commissioning of the pipeline if we were to see a significant delay in the commissioning. But I wouldn't have expected the approval to occur on Constitution prior to this time. However, I'm not disillusioned to the extent that we don't expect it to come in a timely manner for 2016's estimated commissioning.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: I appreciate that. And just a last one for me, Dan or Jeff. Could you contrast, I mean, qualitatively from an operator perspective the differences of the risk in your mind of waiting on Constitution relative to waiting on Atlantic Sunrise and how those two processes  as investors wait for Constitution to come on here and the process is quite delayed? Can you contrast the experience so far with Atlantic Sunrise and maybe the difference in that risk of delay?
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Atlantic Sunrise is making  I'll let Jeff weigh in in a second to make kind of editorial comment. But on Constitution, we have been years in discussions, preparation and have fulfilled all of the requests, all the mitigating factors, all of the hurdles that have been brought by the interested parties, including the New York DEC. We have added certainly some of the mitigating factors, added incremental cost to the project. We had a major reroute of the  that was fine with Constitution to mitigate any watershed issues. And in fact, by that reroute, we improved what we think was any impact. And we have again on stream crossings have extensive plan in place that mitigates any of the concerns about stream crossings. And that has been well documented by the DEC and now has been prepared into a final document. So, I think everybody's pleased with that effort. Atlantic Sunrise is in that same process now in having discussions for the mitigation factors and looking at the right of ways to be able to mitigate any concerns that any stakeholders might have at that stage. I feel comfortable that the outline and the timing of commissioning that we've laid out is going to be met. Jeff, you can weigh in on...
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Senior Vice President-Marketing: Yeah. David, probably the biggest difference on the two projects besides just the learning curve aspect of the second project is the route on the Greenfield portion of Atlantic Sunrise is totally in the State of Pennsylvania, where we have a long history of working with the DEP and with the FERC. And so, I think from a simpler project aspect, it's gone smoothly so far. I mean, the community outreach portion of the project's been very successful. The survey permissions and the right of way acquisitions been very successful to-date. Project is on schedule. And we're  at this point in time, we look very good in terms of hitting the in-service date.
David A. Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: That's helpful, guys. Thank you.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, David.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I appreciate the interest in Cabot. I know there are some frustration by all of us on our ability to be able to get the infrastructure in place and commissioned and to be able to move the natural gas in support of all those that are looking forward to having it. I do hope that the takeaway this morning is that Cabot does remain focused in all the right areas, and that is a disciplined focus on the efficiencies and returns while managing our business for the long-term success of the organization. Additionally, we remain committed to effectively managing those controllable variables that we have in our program and also mitigate the uncontrollables the best as we possibly can. So, again, thank you. And certainly, I think Cabot has some brighter days out in front of it. Thank you, Carrie.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP G. Mark Burford - Incoming Chief Financial Officer Paul Korus - Outgoing Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brian David Gamble - Simmons & Company International Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Jason Smith - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities LLC Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Welcome to the Cimarex Energy Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Karen Acierno. Please go ahead.
Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations: Thanks, Amy. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Cimarex second quarter 2015 conference call. Last night, an updated presentation was posted to our website. We will be referring to this presentation during the call today. As a reminder, our discussions will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K and other filings and news releases for the risk factors associated with our business. Today's prepared remarks will begin with an overview from our CEO, Tom Jorden; followed by an update on our drilling activities and results from John Lambuth, VP of Exploration; and then, Joe Albi, our COO, will update you on operations, including production and well costs. Paul Korus and Mark Burford are also here in the room to help answer any questions you might have. With that, I will turn it over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Karen, and thanks to everyone who's participating in today's conference. We appreciate your interest in Cimarex. I'd like to take a few minutes to share my thoughts on the current environment before turning it over to John and Joe for the details of our first quarter results and our plans for the rest of 2015. During this call, you'll hear about new wells that are outperforming our expectations, leading to another production beat. We now have 18 long laterals with over 30 days of production in the Delaware Basin Wolfcamp, several of which have been online for more than six months. We're gaining a much better understanding of the production characteristics and potential of these longer horizontal wells. The data we've gathered has strengthened our enthusiasm for the long-term potential of this play for Cimarex. We've always been a company that emphasizes science and innovation, and this emphasis is yielding results in spacing pilots, well design, completion design, and unraveling geologic complexity. The second quarter was punctuated by advances in each of these areas. Of particular interest, subtle changes in our horizontal landing zone have had enormous impact on well optimization. We're now at a point where we're ready to move ahead in our first development project in the Wolfcamp D in Culberson County with drilling scheduled to begin in January on a six-section project. More about that in a moment. Also in the Delaware basin, Second Bone Spring results continued to impress. These wells are among the best in our portfolio with multiyear running room. We will also update you in our continued success in the Woodford Shale and the Meramec play. The Cana-Woodford shale and Meramec continue to be a laboratory for continuing improvements in innovation. We have further delineated our acreage, optimized our simulations, and are testing new landing zones. We remain quite bullish on the long-term multi-pay potential of our Cana and Delaware basin assets. To that end, we see the opportunity for a modest acceleration as we move into 2016. We have $730 million of additional capital following our issuance of equity in May. As a result, our 2015 capital expenditures have an increase by $100 million which will fund the beginnings of several exciting projects including a Wolfcamp A, downspacing pilot in Culberson County and more Bone Spring and Meramec activity. But perhaps most exciting is what we have on tap for 2016. In addition to Cimarex beginning its first Wolfcamp D development in Culberson County, the first development in Reeves County will begin as well. We're also planning additional infill in the Woodford and Meramec, including the possibility of a long lateral development later in the year. We'll conduct down spacing pilots in the Meramec as well as stack testing of the Woodford and Meramec for future development. These development projects in the Delaware and Anadarko Basins are complex and require considerable planning. The multi-zone stack potential of our asset provides tremendous opportunity and challenges. We have the opportunity to significantly increase capital efficiency by exploiting multiple zones within a single development project. We have challenges in that this requires careful planning and understanding of the geologic complexity, for you cannot always back up and capture a zone that was missed in the initial development. Our organization is hard at work preparing for effective execution of these projects. John will provide additional color on these efforts. We intend to live within our current capital structure, and with the recently added equity funding to not incur additional debt during 2015 or 2016. We do debt as a long-term commitment, and we're hesitant to make long-term commitments in this volatile environment. We have seen service costs further decrease. Looking at current well cost in two of our most often drilled well designs, a Cana-Woodford infill well and a Wolfcamp D long lateral, we've seen total well cost decline 30% and 20%, respectively, from their peak in 2014. We've also made significant progress on lowering lease operating expenses driven primarily by reducing saltwater disposal cost. Joe will give additional detail on this during the call. Since our last call, the recovery we saw in oil prices was short-lived, and natural gas prices remain depressed. Despite this negative backdrop, Cimarex is moving forward, investing in our exceptional assets. The conversation since last fall has been dominated by discussions regarding the commodity price cycle and expectations of a recovery. I said at the time that Cimarex was adapting to this new environment and figuring out ways to survive and thrive in it. Our challenge is to adapt our business to be sustainable in this new normal. There is good news to report. With the reduced cost environment and advancements in well performance, we have a deep portfolio of opportunities that offered very attractive returns. Regarding our plans for modest acceleration, we've been asked, why now? Isn't it more prudent to wait for the macro environment to settle out and recover? To that I'd say, we have no special insight on the future direction and timing of commodity prices. We view the world through a lens of greater return, and through this lens, we see the opportunity to modestly accelerate projects that offer outstanding returns, provide a cushion against further commodity downside and strengthen the foundation of the company as we look ahead into 2016, 2017 and beyond. We have the wherewithal to fund these projects and are ready to go. Although we would enthusiastically welcome a recovery in commodity prices, we've always managed Cimarex with commodity cycles in mind. We'll survive and thrive through this one. Finally, as always, our focus is on creating shareholder value. We are uncompromising in this focus. We have the organization and the assets to continue to deliver shareholder value through the cycles. As I tell our employees, we are building an ark, not a party boat. With that, I'll turn the call over to John Lambuth who will provide additional detail.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Thanks, Tom. I'll start with a quick recap of our drilling activity in the quarter before getting into some of the specifics of our latest results and more color on our planned activity increases. Cimarex invested $190 million during the second quarter drilling and completing wells. 66% was invested in the Permian region, and the rest went toward activities in the Mid-Con region. Company-wide, we brought 45 gross, 33 net wells on production during the quarter. Our Permian operations are in the Delaware Basin, where we brought on 16 of those 23 net wells during the second quarter, meaning we have now worked our way through the backlog of completions we had built up at year-end. That backlog was caused by some severe weather in the second half of 2014 and in addition to a lot more activity overall. We had 18 rigs running in the Permian region at 2014. We then dipped to a low of two in the second quarter, and are now operating three rigs with plans to add more. I'll share some of those details a little later. But first, we continue to have exceptional results drilling second Bone Spring wells in the Culberson White City area. We've drilled several wells using a larger, 15-stage completion with very favorable results, of which you can see in the presentation on slide 17. Cimarex recently completed a 7,000-foot lateral in the second Bone Spring sand section called the Klein 33 Federal Number 5H. This well had an average 30-day peak IP of 2,753 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which included 1,870 barrels of oil per day. This outstanding well result gives us greater confidence that a combination of our upsized completions along with the extended laterals in the second Bone Spring can generate superior rate of returns. Our long lateral program in the Wolfcamp D in Culberson continues to provide solid results. We have 30-day peak IPs averaging 2,255 barrels of oil equivalent per day from 11 long lateral Wolfcamp D wells. We continue to work on optimizing our frac design to both maximize IP rates while paying close attention to cost. As Tom mentioned in his remarks, optimal landing of the horizontal leg can be the key difference between a good well and a great one. This is clearly illustrated by one of our most recent long lateral well results in the Wolfcamp A interval in Reeves County. The Big Timber 57-25 Unit 1H had an average 30-day peak production rate of 3,309 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 50% was oil. This well was drilled and completed in the Upper Wolfcamp A zone, the first Cimarex long lateral in Reeves County to be landed in this zone. We now have plans to drill a number of additional long laterals in this Upper A in order to determine repeatability of this very economic zone. In Culberson County, we have results from our second downspacing pilot in the Wolfcamp D. As you can see on slide 15, these 5,000-foot laterals have strong 30-day initial peak production rates that average 1,340 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This pilot was drilled on 107-acre spacing, the equivalent of six wells per section. It's fair to say we've learned a lot from these two spacing pilots, and, when coupled with the data from the stack CD test completed in the first half of 2014, we are now ready to move forward on our first development in the Wolfcamp D. As illustrated on slide 16, this will be a six-section development that would be drilled with 7,500 foot laterals, essentially four 1.5-mile sections of development each. Drilling will begin in January on the southern sections. First production isn't expected until early third quarter, as completions will coincide with the start-up of the recently announced MarkWest processing plant in Culberson. We plan to drill 14 7,500-foot development wells in the Assault and Sea Hero 1.5 mile sections, bringing the total well count to 16 when you include the two existing current wells. These infill wells will be staggered in the thick D interval. The two northern sections, which we call Sunday Silence and Silver Charm, will begin drilling in the third quarter 2016 with completion set for early 2017. As you can see in the wine rack illustration on slide 16, the Silver Charm 1.5 mile section will include an additional row of wells in the Wolfcamp C, whereas the Sunday Silence 1.5 mile section will test an increased density of 10 wells per section in the D. As far as Wolfcamp capital plans for the rest of 2015 is concerned, we plan to start a six-well Wolfcamp D spacing pilot in Culberson County later this year with the rest of the capital allocated toward meeting our leasehold obligation in Reeves County. Now on to the Mid-Continent. You will recall that we began drilling on the Cana-Woodford Row 4 infill development program late last year. Completions on this 57 gross wells covering seven sections has finally begun. In preparation of these completions, we recently completed eight wells in the Haley Section with a variety of frac designs. Total sand pumped ranged from 9 million pounds to 12 million pounds or, put another way, 1,800 pounds per foot to 2,400 pounds per foot and we varied the stage count from 24 to 30 per well. As seen on slide 21 of our presentation, the Haley wells achieved a 30-day average peak rate of 10.3 million cubic feet equivalent per day with a 90-day average of 8.8 million cubic feet equivalent per day, very good results. Based on learnings from these wells, we plan to make use of primarily a 30-stage frac design on our Row 4 wells and will pump between 13 million to 16 million pounds of sand or again the equivalent of 2,600 pounds per foot to 3,200 pounds per foot. In our emerging Meramec play, we now have enough production data on ten 5,000-foot laterals. These wells have an average 30-day peak IP rate of 9.3 million cubic feet equivalent per day with oil yields that vary from 15 barrels per million to 330 barrels per million. Our first 10,000-foot lateral in the Meramec is in early flowback while our second one is drilled and awaiting completion. We plan to provide you with an update on these wells during next quarter's call. In the meantime, we will be participating in our first downspacing pilot in the Meramec as well as drilling our first two-well stacked test in the Meramec, which we've actually commenced operations on now. Additionally, we now have plans to drill a stacked stagger pilot within the combined Woodford and Meramec intervals. All of these are critical data points as we think about development of this potentially vast resource. In closing, I'd like to summarize our capital plans for 2015 and 2016 as we see it today. There are two slides in the presentation that illustrate this. First, on slide seven, you'll see our capital allocation for 2015. As Tom mentioned, we've added $100 million to our capital investment plan this year. This is really the kickoff to the increase in activity we have planned for 2016. Slide eight shows how we see allocating capital in 2016. While we're haven't given you a dollar amount, we've based this allocation on what we project our cash flow will be based on the current strip, and then adding in the remaining equity proceeds of $630 million. The Wolfcamp and Woodford make up 90% of our 2016 drilling and completion dollars. While that may come as no surprise, the complexion of the Wolfcamp capital has changed, with about half of the investment in 2016 being earmarked for development drilling. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: Well, thank you, John, and thank you all for joining our call today. I'll touch on the usual items: our second quarter production; our Q3 and full-year production outlook; and then I'll follow up with a few comments on LOE and service costs. Q2 was another great quarter for us. With little impact from weather or pipeline downtime, we proudly surpassed the 1 Bcf a day mark for the first time as a company, with our total company second quarter net equivalent volumes coming in at a record 1.026 Bcf a day. That's up 22% from the 839 million a day we produced a year ago and it handily beat our second quarter guidance of 965 million to 985 million a day. Our guidance beat comes as a result of two areas. One, the strong new well performance that we should see in our completions. In fact, they way outperformed our projections, in particular in the Permian. And then, strong execution from our production group operating our base properties with their focus on minimizing downtime and optimizing production from the wells. And as a result, our Q2 2015 Permian equivalent production hit an all-time high of 595 million a day, up 202 million a day, or 51% from Q2 2014, while our Mid-Continent production came in about as we expected at 419 million a day, virtually flat to Q2 2014 which we reported 425 million a day. And we anticipated the production of Mid-Continent to hold flat as we waited for our Cana-Woodford Row 4 completions to begin here in late Q3. As we've mentioned in our last few calls, with the geographic focus of our drilling program and the timing of our new well completions as we move throughout the year, we forecasted our early 2015 production growth to come from the Permian and we saw just that. Our second quarter Permian equivalent volume came in at a record 595 million a day. That's up 107 million a day or 22% from the first quarter, all the while setting new region record marks for oil, gas and NGLs. With our Q2 Permian oil production of 48,448 barrels a day, up 12% over Q1; our Permian gas production of 189 million a day, up 26% from Q1; and our Permian NGL production of 19,169 barrels a day, up 46% of our first quarter volumes. With a significant production growth, Permian now makes up 58% of our total company equivalent production, and more impressively, 86% of our total company oil production. As we also discussed in our last two calls, with fewer net Mid-Continent completions planned for the first half of the year, we've projected our Mid-Continent volumes to drop somewhat through mid-Q3. Our Q2 Mid-Continent production came in accordingly at 419 million a day, that's down slightly from the 444 million a day we posted in Q1. We're still on track with our plan, projecting our Mid-Continent production to pick up here in late Q3 as we bring on our Cana infill project. We completed just nine net Mid-Continent wells in the first half of 2015 as compared to our projected 30 net wells to be completed during the second half of the year. As we look forward, with our strong Q1 and Q2 results, our current model projects our 2015 total company net equivalent production to be in the range of 960 to 980 million a day. That's reflecting 11% to 13% growth over 2014, and it's up from our previous guidance for the year of 920 to 950 million a day. As was the case of our beginning year forecast, our projections reflect the geographic focus of our activity, with the Permian driving production during the first half of the year and our Cana infill project providing the catalyst for production during the last half of the year. Our Q3 guidance of 920 to 940 million a day reflects our anticipated slowdown in Permian completions, along with approximately 20 million a day of planned Permian pipeline and facility maintenance here in early Q3, and just modestly, Q3 contribution from our Cana infill completion operations, which will begin late in the quarter. With our current drilling schedule and the anticipated Q4 production contribution of our Cana Row-4 project, we project our Q4 2015 production rate to be up from Q3, with us exiting the year slightly above Q4 2014  our Q4 2014 average of 949.5 million a day. Jumping over to OpEx, Tom mentioned a little bit about this. We had a great quarter from an operating expense standpoint here in Q2 and that was really driven by both strong production results and our production group's diligent focus on LOE. Our Q2 lifting cost came in at a very strong at $0.76 per MMcfe and that was well below our guidance of $1 to $1.10. It was down $0.20 from our Q1 2015 average of $0.96 per MMcfe and down $0.32 per MMcfe from our 2014 average of $1.08. We're extremely proud of the effort of our production group has put forth to reduce operating costs. Over the last six months, they have realized sizable reduction for items such as rentals, SWD, compression and well servicing, and our results continue to progress. As we look forward into the last half of the year, accounting for a number of items including our Q1 and Q2 results, our forecasted production in Q3 and Q4 and the variable nature of workover expenses, we're guiding our remaining year lifting costs to be in the range of $0.90 to $1.05 per MMcfe, down from the $1 to $1.10 mark or range we quoted in our last call. On the service cost side, with the slowdown in industry activity, we continue to see a somewhat soft market in drilling and completion costs, although we see our overall total well costs that will quote in this call, somewhat flat since our last call. We do feel that on both the drilling and completion side, service companies understand the importance of market share, which is helping to maintain a soft competitive market and perhaps more cost relief as we continue into the latter half of the year. On the drilling side, since our last call, we've seen a majority of our cost components stay flat, all the while, supplier costs for tubulars have come down slightly. Day rates for idle, I'll call them top-notch rigs, 1,500-horsepower rigs, are more than negotiable today than they've been in a long while, down significantly from the rates of $26,000 to $27,500 per day quoted last year to levels today at $17,500 to $18,000 a day. On the completion side, as we mentioned last call, beginning about February, we started seeing 10% to 40% decreases in all of the major frac cost components, whether it be sand, transportation, chemicals or service cost. The end result was that at the total company level, our average Q1 per well frac cost were down 15% to 20% from Q4 with us pumping an average 12% more fluid and 20% more sand. In Q2, we kept our average company per well frac cost in check while pumping bigger jobs yet, 30% more fluid and 16% more sand than we did in Q1. The bottom line is today, we are pumping much bigger jobs than we did in Q4, perhaps 45% more fluid, up to 40% more sand, and we're pumping them at a reduced cost. The end result is we've kept our total well costs flat while pumping the bigger jobs, with current  total well costs  down 13% to 20% from where they were at the end of 2014. Our current Cana Core 1-mile lateral well, Woodford well is still in the range of $6.7 million to $7.1 million with our larger frac. That's down approximately 15% from the $7.9 million to $8.4 million range we quoted last year. In the Meramec, as we continue to get more wells under our belt, we expect to see our current single-mile lateral wells fall closer to the lower end of our range of $7 million to $7.4 million, and that range is down about 13% from where we were in Q4 of last year. In the Permian, our primary focus as we've mentioned this year is our long lateral development and the Culberson-Wolfcamp program. Our gain in drilling efficiencies are hitting the chart and market cost reductions have kept our 2-mile lateral cost in check, and we're running anywhere from $11 million to $11.8 million per well with our AFEs. That's down 17% to 20% from where we were in Q4. So in closing, we had another great quarter. Our strong first-half results and operating efficiencies resulted in a nice production beat. We're proud to be over that Bcf a day mark. Our drilling program is generating positive results, despite the lower commodity prices, and we've seen some excellent cuts in our LOE. While the organization is focused in keeping our development cost in check, all the while we're optimizing our program results. So, with that, I guess we'll turn the call over to question-and-answer.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Drew Venker at Morgan Stanley.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Drew.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Tom, I was hoping you could just provide a little more color on when we would get to that 16 rig program? Is that by January 1? And then if you can provide maybe just some bookends, general thoughts on volumes for 2016, whether we  should be accelerating growth somewhat similar to 2015? Could you help us there?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, partially, yes. The rig ramp we have, all that John commented on, were  we had a plan there to ramp up so that we'd be essentially at 16 rigs as we enter the year  but we're obviously working our development projects and it's a flux issue. John, why don't you comment on that?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. As Tom said, we're not talking, of course, single individual wells now. We're talking lots of wells that we have to plan for. I think our latest schedule will have us at 16 rigs right pretty much at the beginning of February next year. But that can slide and move forward just depends on how well we put those plans together. But that's what it will show right now as of today. And then Mark Burford's here. I'm going to let him comment on production next year.
G. Mark Burford - Incoming Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Drew. Just in terms of production, with the fact that, as we mentioned, in the Permian, half our capital is going now transitioning from single wells, individual wells, and half our capital now will be going to infill development. And if you look at Culberson County itself, specifically the Wolfcamp D in Culberson County, three-quarters of our capital will be attributed to those infill development projects. So, we had a major shift in the complexion of our capital compared to 2015 to 2016. And as we point out on slide 16 of our presentation, those two secs  that six-section development  the first completions don't occur on that until June of 2016 and the northern sections don't complete until the first quarter of 2017. So, we definitely have a mixture change in the complexion of our programs, so the efficiency  previous capital efficiencies probably don't hold true going into 2015 as we transition to infill development. And production is delayed in those areas and even in Reeves County where we have infill development in Reeves County. So, our overall Permian program, half of it now is infill development. So it does have the impact, the major production are more lumpy and more backend-loaded.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: This is Joe. Just a couple of comments there, too. When we have these development projects, depending on how many wells per section and how many sections, we won't begin completion operations typically until all the wells are drilled and completed. And Cana Row-4 is a great example of that. We drilled those wells all throughout the first half of this year. We're not going to see the production until the tail half of next year. To the extent that our development program becomes the majority of our capital expenditures, we're going to start to see this roller coaster type production profile that may not coincide with a January 1 to January 1 timeframe.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Maybe, so maybe just to make sure I have it right, due to the timing of completion in these big pads, does it make sense to think about 2016 as potentially a little bit slower growth and then 2017 probably much stronger growth?
Paul Korus - Outgoing Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Drew, that's logical. Yes. That's the way  yes. It's the way the development plans work. Yes. That would be logical, yes.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Drew. We're a strong growth profile. It's going to be lumpy, but I think that's probably fair. Our acceleration into 2016 is going to be quite a bit back-end loaded because of the nature of these development projects.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's all very helpful. And maybe we could just dig in on the Culberson County, Wolfcamp C and D infill program a little bit. I was somewhat surprised to see you're already going into development with  mode  with two zones and the Wolfcamp D. Can you just provide some color on how you settled on that configuration?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. A lot of debate, I would say, internally. I mean, what's nice is as I mentioned, we have those two spacing pilots. In addition, we have that stack pilot. We've incorporated those results. In addition, we have a lot of individual parent wells that have been landed in different zones within the D itself as well as the C. When we take all that information, we come away with a model that would clearly suggest to us that we have plenty of room within the D itself to stagger and stack, which is what we intended to do to start with, and feel very confident with that initial design, again, based on our spacing pilot results and based on leveraging that  the 7,500-foot laterals  that we're going to achieve very nice rate of returns. The way this schedule sets up then is we will get those online; we'll get early production from it. If it's meeting our expectation, then that just gives us even greater confidence to move forward to even more tighter, as you see in those follow-up sections. So, I would say that the two sections we call Sunday Silence, Silver Charm are somewhat dependent on the result of Assault and Sea Hero and that's why we built that schedule that way. But again, we really are looking at the results of those pilots and looking at our landing zone results from a number of other parent wells, and come away very convinced that this initial design is going to work very well for us in this interval.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I just want to remind you that this Wolfcamp is a really thick zone. And every play is different and has its own attributes. But in some plays, you worry about resource in place and the overall storage capacity. That's not the concern here in the Wolfcamp. The Wolfcamp is really a mechanical issue and what's the best way to poke straws in there, frac the wells and space them to recover it. So, we're  based on our experience  we're highly confident that this rock can support this development plan.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just wanted to clarify again, I know in the past you had done a C and D stack test. Have you tested two laterals stacked or staggered in the D as of yet or is this the preliminary test of that?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, maybe I  let me just put it this way. I guess I would love that we go forward, that we don't even call it the C, D. We just call it lower Wolfcamp. Really, we don't  C and D is more of a geologic marker. What you really should think about is it being a very thick, over 500-foot to 800-foot thick interval, and that going forward, we're going to start with initial stack of two wells that we feel good about. And then based on results, then potentially add a third level to it with the next set of development. That's really what we're talking about here.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Drew, we have tested stack in the Wolfcamp A in Reeves County.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yes.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And so that the analogy is direct here and John is absolutely right. In fact, our technical team is discouraging us from even using the nomenclature C, D. It really is one large section.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Gamble at Simmons & Company.
Brian David Gamble - Simmons & Company International: Hey, guys. Maybe we can jump to the other exceptional results for the quarter in either the Bone Spring or the Wolfcamp A, whichever one you want to tackle first. But I guess, specifically on the Bone Spring well, huge oil cut there. Anything other than the stages going up that you did differently in that well?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. No. That one made use of what would be equivalent of a 15-stage for 5,000-foot lateral. The difference being is it was 7,000-foot. It's just an outstanding well and it's just  it's a replication of what we've been able to do in other areas with that particular design. I think what's exciting to me is we don't think we're optimized. We still think that there's perhaps still room to go with that frac design. And so, we do have further wells planned in the area to go in and test the limit of that design. So, it's just  the way I look at it is, again, a nice confirmation that we can take it and go a little bit longer with the lateral and still get a very good result.
Brian David Gamble - Simmons & Company International: So essentially confidence in the repeatability is pretty high. Is that what you're saying essentially?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: In this immediate area, yes, we feel very good about our acreage position and the well results there. Thus, why that was the first incremental rig we added was immediately to this type of drilling program.
Brian David Gamble - Simmons & Company International: Great. And then, same thing kind of on the Wolfcamp A, you mentioned trying to more landing them in the upper part of the A. Was this the first landed in the upper or was this just the first long lateral landed in the upper part of the A?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This would be our first long lateral, but I will remind you that we did have our spacing pilot which was the ANACONDA which was a stacked/staggered pilot where we had upper A and lower A. And right away, from those results, we could tell that that upper A zone was giving us superior performance to the lower A, even as you recall, we've talked about some issues with the landing the lower A. But even in the wells where we did not feel we had an issue, the upper A was clearly performing. But I will tell you than when we plan this well, we had high expectations for it, to the point that we even worked very hard as a collective group to make sure our production facilities, everything was in line for this well, because we had high expectations and it's met those expectations. We've been very pleased with that well result. We have a nice, large, contiguous acreage position there where this well is. And yes, we have plans now to go and see if we can't duplicate this result with a few more long laterals.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But like the C, D, it's not either/or. I mean that A is a very fixed section and I anticipate multiple landing zones in the development scenario.
Brian David Gamble - Simmons & Company International: And then, one last one from me, guys, the kind of extrapolation of your comment, cash flow plus $630 million and/or using the 16-rig count. That puts your capital up, by my rough math, at least 30% next year. Is that a reasonable starting point year-over-year?
G. Mark Burford - Incoming Chief Financial Officer: Brian, this is Mark. I'm sorry, 30% what, increase in...
Brian David Gamble - Simmons & Company International: In total capital.
G. Mark Burford - Incoming Chief Financial Officer: Total capital from year to year. As you probably know, we constructed eight-rig program  actually it's based on a $50 oil price deck and a $3 gas price deck. And even at that price level, those price decks, we'd expect to have some remaining cash in the neighborhood of $100 million in excess at the end of the year. So, the $630 million, right now, the eight-rig program doesn't contemplate quite using all the equity proceeds. We expect to have some remaining cash at the end of the year and fund that program from cash flow. So, the absolute capital, we still would like to maintain some flexibility in that. But the eight-rig program at $50 and $3 price deck, we wouldn't expect to quite use all the remaining proceeds.
Brian David Gamble - Simmons & Company International: That's helpful, Mark. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Philip Jungwirth at BMO.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Good morning.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, Phillip.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, the Wolfcamp C, D development section you laid out in the presentation, I noticed it's focused in the northeast corner of your acreage block there in Culberson County. I know in the past you've talked about how the (38:00) you move west. So, as development eventually does move west and south, do you think this configuration of laterals and spacing is going to be applicable across the position or is it going to vary and can you provide some preliminary thoughts around that?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, this is John. It will vary. I mean, as you pointed out, we do recognize yield variations, and that will have to factor into both our rate of return and PV calculations as far as the development plans. The overall thickness itself is pretty consistent at least on that entire eastern side of our block, and then we do thin a little bit as we go to the west, but not to the point that I think we would lose a row necessarily. Again, I think it'd be more a matter of economics because, I mean, it is fair to say we do tend to lose our yield a little bit as we go to the west, but that would just be a decision we'd have to make at that time. I guess that would be how I'd answer it.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And I think you've talked also in the past about the C bench in Culberson being a bit lower return than the D or the A. So, is there a reason that the C's included in the initial infill development as opposed to a D/A development? And then, can you still come back at a later time and target those A bench reserves?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. I'll take a stab at that, and I know Tom's itching to answer it, too. Let me just make clear that from our well results, the Wolfcamp A in Culberson is mutually exclusive from the lower Wolfcamp C, D. So we can come back at any time and layer in wells and, say, in these developed sections in A and not worry about any type of impingement on those wells. So, that we've clearly have established from our drilling program. In regards to the C, D, it is fair to say that our well results do indicate that Cs tend to have a little bit lower rate of return, but we are fairly convinced that if we were to develop, we wouldn't need to do it all the same time. And so, that's why we have the plans you see there with those upper northern sections that we'd like to move forward with that and demonstrate to ourselves what kind of returns we would generate, and that full development pipe scenario, because I don't think we're convinced that we could come back and necessarily go in with the Cs at a later date. So that's why we're stepping into this the way we are with this plan.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. The challenge here, as John mentioned, is we've really pushed our organization to say we want to take a long-term view of how we optimally develop this asset. And so to the extent that we can't go back later and get a layer, even though it may have a lower rate of return, we don't necessarily want to orphan it and abandon it for all time. And so, we're making those decisions on a case-by-case basis, but we're really trying to develop this asset with multi-year look so that we don't find ourselves in a position five or seven years from now looking back and saying, boy, I wish we had done this differently. And so, that requires a lot of forethought, a lot of planning, but we want to get that while we can.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, great. And can you talk about the reason why the Culberson B/D development is going to be based on 7,500-foot laterals as opposed to two-mile laterals? Do you think medium-length laterals are optimal for development or did this just have to do with the acreage configuration?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: No. This is strictly based on the way that our JVA was set up such that these particular sections were just three sections. So, for long laterals we have to divide it up in a section-and-a-half, nothing more than that. Our plans for the rest of the acreage is 10,000-foot. This is just a matter of just geography, just the way the sections laid out.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Irene Haas at Wunderlich.
Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Yes. My question has to do with the Reeves County, Upper Wolfcamp A. Is this a typical shale or are you really kind of looking for better porosity streaks within the Upper Wolfcamp A? And if yes, how continuous would the interval be?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. This is a  it's a shale  the Wolfcamp of course is a shale with interbedded carbonates. The way we see it, there is some definite variability to it but for the most part I would say, in immediate area from our well results, we tend to see some consistency in well results from section to section. So, we do expect some repeatability. When we make a good well in a particular landing zone, if we are to move a section over, our expectation would be that we would still be able to achieve that type of result. As far as the Upper A itself, you know what, I'm just going to say, we do a lot of work with our rock data, our log data  and coupling that with frac design and well results  that help us internally get more comfortable with that Upper A, B and A an attractive target. And I'll just leave it at that.
Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: So what do you see in specific that makes these wells so much better?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, to be honest, I'm not really going to answer that question. That's something we do internally. I mean, we work very hard with our technology to understand this, and so, I'll just sat be happy with our result and leave it at that.
Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Okay. I understand. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Smith of Bank of America.
Jason Smith - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Unknown Speaker: Good morning.
Jason Smith - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: So, on the Avalon, can you just talk about the tests you performed there and the results you've seen so far? And I guess, I'm trying to see if there's a significant difference, particularly between the 6- and 8-well sections, that you guys have tested?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. We did update our slide. For those who have the presentation, slide 19, although we didn't have comments in our opening remarks. But we're very, very pleased with the results from our pilots that we've drilled in the Avalon. And as we've mentioned, we tested a variety of spacing to help the Avalon. And I would just tell you that, on a go-forward basis, based on these results, we are very comfortable with eight wells per section within an individual bench. And in fact, see multiple benches as being opportunistic on quite a bit of our acreage. So we're very happy and pleased with that play. As we've mentioned several times, our acreage position is HBP [held by production]. There's no obligation drilling we have to do there. And it's a really nice thing to have in our back pocket that if we need to, we can throw rigs at it at any time.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, I might add there that in testing and delineating optimum spacing, there's an approach that says, you test it until you break it.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: We haven't broken.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We have not broken it yet. So there is a debate that eight wells is not tight enough.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: That is a fair comment, Tom, that eight is a minimum at this point.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Eight or more.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yes.
Jason Smith - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Got it. So maybe, John, just to follow up on that, I mean, in your comments on HBP, I understand that. But your mix of CapEx, I think, for 2016 shows nothing at least at this point for the Avalon. Are you guys doing anything in the balance of this year? And as you said, I mean, what changes your opinion there? What makes you kind of go back to work and ramp in that area relative to somewhere else?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: I will say we do have plans for another Avalon test, where we're once again going to land with a pad well and test a newer frac design that we think could even leverage better rate of returns. And outside of that, again, I think it's nice to have that flexibility of having that acreage sit there because quite frankly, not everything goes as planned. And so, it's nice to be able to throw rigs over to it when we need to or more importantly, if we need to deploy more capital. It's sitting there waiting for us and that's kind of how we look at it right now.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Mike. So, the way it looks from my desk is, as we manage our capital expenditures and come up with our overall capital plans, these development projects take a lot of capital. And so, not every great project is getting funded. So, please do not infer from the fact that Avalon doesn't have a bigger slice, that it means that we're  we like it any less. So, it's just you prioritize and these development projects are our top priority right now.
Jason Smith - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thanks, Tom, I appreciate that. And on Ward County, I feel like I get to ask this question every quarter. Given the improvements you've seen in Reeves County, what, if anything, are you thinking about implementing there? I think you guys have mentioned where you have some HBP requirements in 2016. So, is there any capital going there or is that something that maybe you'd consider letting expire?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, as of today, we've really not come up with a way to achieve sufficient rate of returns in Ward County. It's just as simple as that. We always constantly monitor; there's still wells being drilled there by competitors. We keep a close eye on what they are doing relative to frac design, landing, length of lateral. But I  to be honest  we just haven't been able to come up with the right recipe to date that makes that an attractive rate of return for us. So, unless we see a major breakthrough somewhere, there's a good chance that we will not be able to hold that acreage next year.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I want to just add to that, and Ward County is our poster child for why we want to do forethought on the development. Ward County, a lot of our acreage was developed in that Third Bone Spring; we had drilled horizontal wells prior to the ultimate potential of that Upper Wolfcamp being understood. Had we not done that, I think we would be developing Ward County. Had we not done that, I think we would be developing Ward County and we would be developing a Third Bone Spring in at Upper Wolfcamp. The problem with most of our Ward County position is we're drilling into a depleted fracture network in that Third Bone Spring. So, it's not to say we're disparaging the Ward County, we're not. If we didn't have that Third Bone Spring there, we'd be having a whole different conversation.
Jason Smith - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: I appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question is from John Nelson at Goldman Sachs.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning, and congratulations on a great quarter.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, John.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Also, congratulations to Mark in his new role, and I guess best of luck to Paul. For my first question, is you guys talked about transitioning into 2016 into a development program, I'm just curious if there's any guidance on how we should think about infrastructure spend, either over the back half of 2015 or as we move into 2016?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'll let Joe comment on that specifically, but we're studying that long and hard. And there's a lot of issues around infrastructure with gathering systems, how you develop your facilities and how you handle your water sourcing and water disposal. And we're looking at the full-cycle model in trying to really optimize the return on these projects. We're very wary of paving the future with gold bricks on infrastructure. We want to balance having the efficiency of taking advantage of the development and not overspending on upfront costs. So it's a bit of a balancing act and we haven't decided where we're going to land there, but we're trying  I will say this  we're trying to optimize our capital efficiency and minimize our infrastructure spending wherever we can. And Joe, you can comment on that.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: I think, Tom, you hit it right on the head. In many, some ways, it's a matter of where we develop in these areas. And a majority of the big dollar infrastructure items have already been put in the ground, our major trunk lines, our laterals and so forth. And to the extent these development projects lie along those existing laterals, there's a minimal amount of infrastructure associated with it. To the extent they're further removed, it obviously becomes a little bit more pricey. So what, John and the midstream and the production guys are doing, they're working in concert to try and develop these areas in such a means and such a way that we're optimizing our capital spending. If you ask me for the budget we have this year, I would say, it'd probably line up pretty close to what we did this year with our infrastructure dollars, primarily because a lot of that is driven by compression.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And this year's number was $50 million to $80 million. Is that correct?
Paul Korus - Outgoing Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. In 2014, we spent about $75 million. This year, we'll probably going to spend about $50 million for midstream projects. So I would say, somewhere between last year's and this year's is probably a good run point for starting to look at 2016.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: It all depends on the timing of when we need compression. Compression's a big part of it. But a lot of that existing trunk line or what have you is already in place. But as far as an overall percentage of our total Permian CapEx, I would say, it's a small part.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And just to interpret some of those earlier comments, is that to say that you guys don't necessarily want to overbuild production handling facilities such that we might think about, especially in something like that Wolfcamp C/D development area, some of those wells maybe being facility constrained early on, but ultimately, still having a positive standpoint, kind of a flatter, flat and longer production profile? Is that kind of what you're saying?
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: Well, we've looked at a number of wells. Our 7,500-foot Bone Spring lateral is an example of that where what was the cost to design for peak rate versus what was the cost to not design for peak rate. And it was a very valuable exercise to our team. So, we're trying to understand all the efficiencies that need to come into play and that give us a maximum rate of return.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But there is an argument for that  that it used to be in five or six years ago  the well was always the driving force. We would drill a well and we would build facilities in order to produce it at its maximum allowable  the maximum rate we could do. Today, where we have potentially 12, 16 or more wells a section, we're studying, is it better to optimize our facility size and then drill to keep those facilities full and at peak capacity. And it's a tradeoff, and we're modeling the rate of return to that very carefully, so that we get the greatest capital efficiency. It doesn't necessarily do us any good to drill a dozen or 16 or 24 wells, build facilities for peak production, and then find six months down the road those facilities are underutilized. That would be very wasteful. And so, we don't have the answer on this call, but that's what our organization is hard at work studying, not only studying economic models, but we're studying our competitors very carefully, how they've done it, where they've had success and where they've had failures.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: And just to follow up on that facility, in this case, doesn't necessarily just mean the battery. It can mean the pipe size; it can mean the compression, a variety of factors that need to come into play.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's very helpful and good problems to have.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: It's a good problem to have.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Second one for me, I can appreciate that you guys don't want to give out a 2016 CapEx number. But just when I think about your working interest levels in those two areas you highlight that's getting nearly 90% of the CapEx, it can be kind of a wider or lower kind of band. Is the 2016 rig number, is that purely operated? Is that a minimum? Or is there some level of sort of non-op spend that you also envision happening in 2016, or any color when we think about sort of relating what's on that slide up to an aggregate number?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. When we quote 2016, that's 2016 operated. So, it's fair to say we definitely anticipate quite a number of non-operated partner wells in the Woodford as we always have. Typically, they've been running around six rigs here recently. So, that certainly factors into our capital model as well in terms of what they plan to do in addition to what we will do.
John Nelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. I'll let somebody else hop on. Congrats on the quarter.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ipsit Mohanty at GMP Securities.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys, and congrats, Mark, in person. Just a quick  I couldn't help but notice comparing slides of 1Q over 2Q that you're Permian was a tad gassier than  in 2Q than 1Q. Could you comment why?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. I'll take a stab at it first. I think you're just seeing, number one, if I think about the different programs, quite a bit more drilling in Culberson and the Wolfcamp, especially Wolfcamp D. And so that does tend to be a little bit more gassier than, say, Reeves County or other areas. Secondly, even the Bone Spring for us, traditionally a lot of our Bone Spring wells were more in New Mexico in terms of Lee, Eddy. We're still in New Mexico, let me be clear about Western New Mexico, White City and Culberson. They tend to be a little bit more gassier. But I will tell you, they're far better wells from a rate of return standpoint in terms of the type of productivity we get from those wells. So, I think that's just what's driving that slow change you're seeing and getting a little bit more gassier. It's just where the nature of our rigs have been on that western side of the Delaware Basin.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities LLC: Okay. And then, I think you alluded to this in a separate question. But when you look at slides seven and eight  2015, 2016 over 2015  you said the Avalon would be missing because you have HBP and you have that description going into 2016. But when I look at Meramec and Bone Spring, two of the regions that you've highlighted in your presentations and seeing improvement, you see them sort of shrinking as a percentage of capital allocation. Is there something to read into that?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Development versus single well.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. I think number one, again, as we keep saying, when we go to development, whether it be Wolfcamp or Woodford, that's a major investment from a standpoint of deploying 17 wells or 20 wells. The Bone Spring itself, I think, from a capital standpoint, I don't think it's that much different from year-over-year. You're seeing just at our capital, the pie is bigger. We still plan to have a similar type healthy drilling program. The Meramec, I would say, yes, it's going to slow down because we've reached the point where we delineated, we think we feel comfortable where we have good rate returns from an individual well standpoint. But as I said in my comments, now we need to understand how do we develop it. And so, we have a number of major pilots ongoing between us and our partner, spacing pilots, stack/stagger pilots so we can better understand on our acreage how do we develop the Meramec concurrent with the Woodford. And so, that's why, prudently, we'll be slowing down some of the Meramec while we get those pilot results and understand how we move forward to get that acreage properly developed.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I also want to add that this is a snapshot in time, and we want to give you color directionally as to where we see the remainder of 2015 and 2016 going. But it's by no means set in stone. And, for example, there is a chance that in this Woodford development, we may have a layer of Meramec to add to it. And so, we may increase Meramec along with the Woodford development. But we're still working our way through that, but we wanted to give you our best read today on the direction. We maintain a lot of flexibility as we work our way through this.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities LLC: All right. Appreciate it. And then, seems like as you go over quarter-over-quarter, having followed you, it seems you've gotten very comfortable with the longer laterals across your asset base. Is going on from here, as you go forward the remainder of 2015 and 2016, what percentage of your drilling are longer laterals, just across Bone Spring, Wolfcamp and Woodford?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: I'll take a stab at that. This is John. Essentially, all the Wolfcamp is extended laterals, I mean, pretty much where we can. I think the lone exception might be the occasional pilot where we find that we can achieve the answers we need from a capital standpoint through 5,000-foot instead of 10,000-foot. But outside of that, almost every Wolfcamp well, if the acreage allows us, is an extended lateral at least 7,500-foot to 10,000-foot. Woodford, traditionally, we have been a 5,000-foot lateral developer. But I will tell you, because of our comfortableness with drilling 10,000-foot, a lot of our future development plans that we review now incorporate 10,000-foot as our go-to for development. Now, that's not going to happen right away. But as Tom mentioned in his comments, we are looking at some areas, probably mid to later next year, that we will move toward long lateral development even in the Woodford. And again, I think that just speaks to something you mentioned. We're getting very comfortable with our ability to drill and complete and flow back those wells.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And we've taken a little different approach than some of our competitors. To the extent that we're delineating or we're testing spacing, we prefer to do that with 5,000-foot long horizontal wells, get the results a little quicker and spend a little less per well while we're doing experiments. In particular, if you look at our Meramec program, Cimarex  our wells are dominated by 5,000-foot wells. Many if not most of our competitors, have chosen to go straight to 10,000-foot wells. We're fairly confident that that was the right decision for Cimarex.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities LLC: Thanks. Congrats on another great quarter.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jeanine Wai at Citi.
Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): In your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you built your 2016 program around rate of return given that you don't have a crystal ball on future prices. So I was wondering if you could just give us an update and rank in order of rate of return in your plays. I know in the current presentation you gave an updated 78% rate of return for the Culberson Wolfcamp D. So how can we slot in the other programs like the Wolfcamp A, Reeves A, Bone Spring, Cana Infill, et cetera?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. I think before I answer that, again, there are so many moving parts that go to building that program, that clearly, yes, rate of return is one of the first things we look at. But there are obviously other mitigating factors such as takeaway concerns, obligation drilling to hold acreage. So there's many things that go into that program. So, I just want to be clear about that, but rate of return is certainly one that we focus on strongly. From a program perspective, right now, first and foremost, White City, Culberson, Bone Spring wells generate by far superior rate of returns, and we're very pleased with where we are with that program. Once you step from there, the long lateral Culberson program, as you mentioned, is very healthy, looks very strong for us going forward, both in the A and in the D, which we've gotten very good results recently from the A now. So, we literally have two different intervals generating very strong results. I would argue now with the latest results from Reeves, with the well we just spoke about, if we can continue to duplicate that type of result in that Upper A, then Reeves becomes extremely competitive relative to Culberson with that type of result. And then finally, you get to Woodford, where Woodford, right now, are very, very good rate of return results. I think what excites us about the Woodford is what I mentioned earlier, when we start thinking about it from a long lateral standpoint. When we look at Woodford and we look long lateral, then those returns all of a sudden get to a point we get very excited about relative to, say, a Culberson long lateral. So, that would be just my take on it, based on the current commodity price and what we see going forward.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: And then, I also want to add and I think everybody knows this. When we talk about rate of returns, to the extent we quote a number, those are what's being called half-cycle returns. Those are drilling-only returns. They're not burdened by all the other things that make up a true investment profile. But there'd be incremental decisions that we make every day.
Jeanine Wai - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. That's all for me. Thanks very much.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is from (01:03:42).
Unknown Speaker: Good morning, guys. Just a few on the Meramec, just wondering  there's, I guess, a pilot, doing an 80-acre downspacing test that you guys had an interest in, if you had any kind of feedback on that result yet?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. No. We have no comments to make about that pilot as of yet. We're carefully monitoring but no comments.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And then, John, I guess the location of those downspacing and stack tests in the Meramec, are those going to be in the up-dip or down-dip sections?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: They are in the up-dip, as far as the spacing pilot, as well as the stack test, they would be in what we have called the up-dip. Yes, that's where they're located.
Unknown Speaker: All right. And then just last one for me. There's been some talk about the variability of the geology in the Meramec across the play. Just wondering if you guys think that your acreage is going to be fairly consistent on the characteristics?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John. I would say again, to date, we've been very pleased with the results of our wells. But I will point out that we have 10 wells that go into our average. It is fair to say that of those three new wells, one of them was quite a bit of a step-out for us. And yes, it underperformed relative to the rest of the wells. That's what happens when you try to delineate your acreage. And so, there's no surprise that we have reached a point where at least with that well, we would start to think that maybe that particular area is not as prospective as others  from a 5,000-foot standpoint  let me be clear. We do recognize there's a variability to this, but I would also again point out that we've been pleased with the overall consistency of our results to date.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: But the  John mentioned the three new wells  two of the three were choked back during a significant portion.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yes. So, to be clear, of the three new wells, one of them was a significant step-out that definitely underperformed relative to our average. The other two wells, just to give you a little color, are wells that are in an area that we consider very prospective. We upsized the fracs quite a bit on both those wells and because of that, we're trying to manage the flowback on those wells from a standpoint of both water and sand control. Those wells were conservative on their choke settings, thus, we didn't achieve the same kind of 30-day average rates that the other wells have. But we're very pleased with those well results, those two wells, based on what we're seeing to date.
Unknown Speaker: All right. I appreciate it.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to management for closing remarks.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I want to thank everybody for joining us. And in closing, I'm glad it was mentioned in our call, I want to congratulate Mark Burford on becoming our CFO. He's ready for the job and will just do a fantastic job. But I especially want to commend Paul Korus for the contributions he's made to this organization over time. Many of you on this call know Paul well. We're going to miss him deeply. It would be impossible for me to overstate what he's meant to this organization, to our shareholders, and to the building of Cimarex. It's with a lot of bittersweet that we let him go. We're going to miss him. And part of the great contribution that Paul has given us is grooming and choosing his successor. But Paul's contribution is something that we're very grateful for. And I know many of you share me wishing Paul all the best and just deep, deep gratitude for the role he's played as a founder of this company. So with that, I want to thank him very much.
Paul Korus - Outgoing Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges - Chairman, President and CEO Steven Lindeman - VP, Engineering and Technology Phil Stalnaker  VP and Regional Manager, North Region
Analysts: Subash Chandra - Guggenheim Partners David Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Pearce Hammond - Simmons & Co. Robert Christensen - Imperial Capital David Beard - Iberia Dan Guffey - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After todays presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dan Dinges, Chairman, CEO, and President. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Dan, and good morning all. Thank you all for joining us today for the Cabot first quarter call. With me today as usual are several of our management team. Before we start, the standard boilerplate regarding forward-looking statements do apply to my comments today.  I would first like to touch upon a few financial and operating highlights from the first quarter that were outlined in this mornings press release. First, equivalent net production for the first quarter was slightly above 1.9 Bcfe per day, an increase of 43% over the prior years comparable quarter and a sequential increase of 15% over the fourth quarter. Of particular note, our daily liquids production for the quarter increased 132% compared to the prior years comparable quarter and 20% sequentially over the fourth quarter, highlighting the success of our team in the Eagle Ford.  Net income, excluding select items, for the quarter was 49 million or $0.12 per share and discretionary cash flow for the quarter was $240 million. Both of these items decreased relative to the first quarter of 14 due to a 34% decline in realized natural gas prices and a 55% decline in realized oil prices.  On the cost side, our team continues to work hard and deliver on driving down unit cost, which is evidenced by the 10% decline in cash unit cost to $1.22 per Mcfe. I think this decline is even more impressive when considering that we have increased the percentage of oil focused activity in our mix, which typically is more costly to operate on a per unit basis.  Additionally we reaffirmed guidance even with the planned curtailment, which is I think the right economic decision. In the Marcellus, our operational results for the quarter exceeded expectations. The company averaged over 2 Bcf per day of gross Marcellus production, which is 1.7 Bcf per day of net production, an increase as mentioned previously, 43% over last years comparable quarter. We completed 19 wells and play 17 wells on production, which drove the 16% sequential growth for the quarter. These production levels highlight the productivity of our Marcellus assets and demonstrates that the asset quality and well performance are quite unique assets for Cabot. However, we would like to see more favorable natural gas prices, which we anticipate will materialize upon the in-service of several new takeaway projects in our area, scheduled over the next 12 to 18 months, along with a continued increase in natural gas demand growth. I want to also highlight that during the first quarter the state of Pennsylvania began reporting monthly production data and did report for both January and February Cabot was the top producer in Pennsylvania, which is not bad for a company that has never operated more than six rigs in the state. Marcellus pricing continues to be the primary focus of our conversations with shareholders, and I imagine is front of mind for everybody on this call today. Our first-quarter natural gas realizations were $2.46 per Mcf, which is $0.52 below the average NYMEX price for the quarter, an improvement relative to the $1.04 differential in the fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of the hedges, our realizations were $0.75 below NYMEX as compared to $1.21 in the fourth quarter of 14. Primary driver of the differential narrowing quarter-to-quarter was that our marketing team was able to secure a meaningful amount of favorable fixed price contracts for the winter season prior to the most recent decline in natural gas prices. Many of these deals do roll off in March. However, we do have over 20% of our expected volumes sold at a fixed price above $2 in the second quarter. Based on our current view of where the regional indices will sell over the quarter, we anticipate that second-quarter price realizations will be between $0.82 and $0.92 below NYMEX and before the impact of hedges. Additionally we anticipate another $0.40 to $0.45 uplift in realized prices from our hedges based on the current strip. Since we frequently get asked the question we have provided a split of our pricing exposure by index on our website, which should provide some clarity on how were marketing our gas for the quarter. We anticipate that the third quarter will look similar to the second quarter as it relates to the percentage of sales by index. As we have guided, we have reduced our production volumes for the second quarter relative to the first quarter in response to our expectation of continued weakness in pricing during the second quarter, some of which is being driven by numerous maintenance and construction projects directly related to our downstream market. Virtually all of the pipelines our production reaches have planned or scheduled projects during the second quarter. Most notably is the new looping of the Transco-Leidy line in conjunction with the Leidy Southeast expansion project. Although this expansion of 525 million cubic foot per day of new capacity will ultimately be very beneficial to Cabot at in-service in December of this year. The 43-day construction period is expected to affect throughput on the Leidy line currently resulting in pricing pressures during this period. We expect to produce between 1.55 and 1.6 Bcf per day of gross production in the Marcellus for the second quarter, and will continue to monitor the price environment before we make any decisions on selling more gas into the local market. It is clear from our first-quarter production that we have the ability to move volumes in excess of these base load levels but we are not going to chase production growth to the detriment of cash margins. As planned, we recently decreased our level of activity in the Marcellus to three rigs and one frac crew, down from five rigs and two frac crews at the beginning of the year. Our current operating plan and capital program assumes this level of operating activity remains constant for the balance of 2015. However in light of our expectations for continued weakness throughout Appalachia, during the summer months we do often re-evaluate our program and may consider delaying completions as we await a more favorable price environment in the future, again not anticipating affecting our guidance. In the Eagle Ford  moving on to the Eagle Ford, our team had an outstanding quarter operationally in South Texas. It is evident by the 19% sequential growth in daily liquid volumes over the last quarter. During the quarter we placed 20 wells on production, many of which werent [current] [ph] in line until late in the quarter, which resulted in the strong sequential production growth. As a reminder, much of this activity was driven by near-term held by production commitments primarily from the acreage we acquired late last year. If we take a step back and we look at where our Eagle Ford program was a year ago, it really highlights the significant improvement we have seen from this asset in a short duration of time. On last years first quarter call we had just made a change in the management team overseeing the program and made the decision to increase our rig count from two to three. The increase in rig count was predicated on an increase in the return profile to over 50%, hoping as a result of well performance enhancements and decreased well cost. Keep in mind that we were running our economics at $90 per barrel at that point. we had approximately 600 gross locations identified based on 400 foot spacing and frankly we are pretty excited about the long-term value generation opportunity afforded us by these properties. If you fast forward 12 months and a lot of things have changed, the most obvious thing, the underlying commodity price. However, as a result of significant improvements in our operating efficiency and well performance along with a reduction in service cost, our operation now eclipsed the same 50% [return] threshold at a price of $65 per barrel, which is only $5 higher than todays 12 month strip. Relative to the 600 gross locations we had mapped at this time last year, we have now increased that location count to over 1300 locations as the result of our bolt on acquisitions in the fourth quarter of last year and the success of our 300 foot down spacing program across our acreage position. We have also seen a 30% decline in operating cost in South Texas as our team continues to work on driving down our cost structure. We are currently running two rigs in the play with plans to decrease to one rig by the end of May. Our plan is to remain at this level throughout year-end. However, we will consider acceleration of completion activity in the Eagle Ford if we see a sustained oil price recovery or further reduction in drilling and completion cost, which have decreased to date 20% to 30%. Now let us move to another area that has many questions in regard to our time with investors on the year end call, we discussed a few of the significant accomplishments the constitution had recently achieved such as the FERC Certificate of Public Convenience approving constitution pipeline and the New York DEC formal notice of complete the application for the final New York permit. Also we briefly discussed the regulatory process in New York requiring a public comment period extension, which closed on February 27, 2015. Today we can continue that update with the following. The project remains on its current schedule for in service during the second half of 16. The New York DEC is currently finalizing responses to the comments received during the public comment period. The constitution now has possession of 100% of all the tracks necessary to begin construction. The constitution is working towards the finalization of New York State permits by the end of the second quarter and FERC implementation plan is expected to be filed by [Williams] during the second quarter. Based on the progress during the last few months, we continue to be optimistic that construction can begin mid-summer assuming all these permits are in hand. As we also mentioned in our press release, we recently amended our credit facility increasing the total commitment from $1.4 billion to $1.8 billion providing us ample flexibility in this challenged environment. Our lenders also approved an increase in our borrowing base from $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion despite the lower commodity price environment. A total of 20 lenders participated in this upsized facility including six new banks. We are appreciative of the support we saw in this transaction and we believe it demonstrates the quality of our company both operationally and financially. Pro forma for this increase in commitment, we had over 1.5 billion of undrawn commitments as of the end of the first quarter. In this mornings press release, we initiated second-quarter production guidance, which implies slightly over 1.5 Bcfe per day of net equivalent production for the quarter at the midpoint despite the sequential decline in production relative to the first quarter due to the previously mentioned curtailments in the Marcellus.  We have reaffirmed our 2015 production growth guidance range between 10% to 18%, based on a stronger than anticipated first quarter and expectations for increase in production above second quarter levels later in the year. Our capital program for the current year remains unchanged at $900 million. I would however highlight that not only is our 2015 capital program weighted heavily to the first half of the year, the first quarter capital expenditures on the cash flow statement also reflect carry-forward cash outlays associated with the capital incurred in 14 but not paid until this year. We have also decreased our unit cost guidance for LOE, taxes other than income and DD&A. These updates can be found on our website. In summary, a strong first quarter production highlights that Cabot is able to achieve operationally strong performance. Currently lower natural gas prices are a reality through Appalachia, however we are optimistic the environment improves over the next few quarters through a combination of decreased levels of operating activity, increased demand and new takeaway projects. Our goal in the interim is to protect margins and ensure we arent giving away our valuable resources at marginal prices. Despite our planned reduction in volumes for the second quarter we remain confident in our production guidance range for the year and continue to be excited about our mid-term outlook as we increase our portfolio of firm sales and firm transportation to close to 3 Bcf per day by the end of 17 of which approximately 70% reaches markets outside of Appalachia. With that then I will be more than happy to answer any questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Subash Chandra of Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Subash Chandra: Yes, hi, good morning. I was curious strategically if there is any interest at all in securing a southern Marcellus foothold, as I suspect there is a shakeout coming, the American energy folks of the world et cetera, and if there is any interest in doing that, and then secondly, if you can maybe get more granular on the impressive operating costs experienced in the first quarter? Thanks.
Dan Dinges: Okay. First I will respond to any M&A considerations within our company. We are proactive in evaluating opportunities out there. Each year I think as you are probably aware that we have our strategy session and certainly in environments as we are in today, we have a time set aside in our executive board session just as we did yesterday to talk about all the macro-environment including M&A opportunities, considerations. We are not in any discussions with a southwest Marcellus or Utica opportunities down there but we want to be aware of what opportunities are available, and we will continue to evaluate any possible opportunities, but specifically for the southwest part of the state, again we are not in any transaction discussions or anything at this particular time. In regard to the operating side of the business, two of the guys here, Steve Lindeman, who is running our South region and Phil Stalnaker running our North region, I will let them comment on just some of the things that we have seen in the operating side of our business.
Steven Lindeman: Yes. For the South region in the first quarter we really tackled our unit saltwater disposal costs. So that is one of the big drivers, and then secondly we switched out some of our treating chemicals and have driven that cost down. And were still looking at  there are some things we are trying to tackle for the second-half of the year in terms of electrification and other things that we can do to reduce our operating cost.
Phil Stalnaker: Again for the North region, this is more of the same thing on the optimization, yet looking at our recycling and our trucking cost just kind of across the board working just to lower the cost.
Subash Chandra: If I could just follow up just on the Eagle Ford, the electrification is, I suspect that is for the artificial lifts et cetera, is there  do you see that happening in a timely fashion with getting land owner consent and that kind of stuff, and given a sense of what kind of operating cost efficiencies we can have by maybe getting off diesel, which might be what is being used currently?
Steven Lindeman: Yes, we do. We have made a significant effort over the last half of the year and into the first quarter to get right away purchased. One of the main substations that we need for electrification was put in service in the first quarter. As a matter of fact we are  some of our team was over there for an opening ceremony last night, and we are in the queue for several projects to get put online and we are hoping to have a portion of the field on power kind of into the third quarter of this year.
Subash Chandra: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum of KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Dan just curious if last quarter you alluded to this, or you guys communicated that you wouldnt have a high point in production in the first quarter and naturally with seasonal winter demand and taking advantage of some of the firm sales contracts and then decline into 2Q and 3Q and rebound in the 4Q, is the plan today with the reiterated guidance, are you guys more or less within the original plan that you had set out a few months ago?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we are. We cannot predict exactly what the realizations were going to be. We thought they were going to be a little softer. We were glad to see quarter-over-quarter a little bit of reduction in the differentials, but our plans is still intact with our original guidance.
David Deckelbaum: And just for context and maybe you could go into little bit more how you are managing the curtailments, I know that there is downtime associated with project maintenance and construction, but, just allowing sort of field volume pressures to build and naturally curtailing volumes that way, and what sort of recovery in prices are we thinking about before you would start accelerating the volumes here?
Dan Dinges: Well, we are not going to go into specifics on the pricing for that decision process, David. But we do expect to see better realizations later in the year than we anticipated during this period when the maintenance projects were going to be implemented and you were in the shoulder months. In regard to our field operations and methodology of how we are reducing the volumes out there, we have discussed in the past that we have a very flexible gathering system that allows us to move gas even from one particular pad to multiple outlets. We do anticipate that as we raise the field pressures in the field and allow that to happen that we would naturally bring down some of the volumes that we would be moving into the pipe. And so it is not a shut in a particular portion of the field and produce the others at those volumes that they were at. It is more of a across-the-board consideration of how we would bring the field pressures up a little bit to allow the volumes to be reduced.
David Deckelbaum: Got it and if I could just raise here one more, perhaps for Jeff or anyone who wants to take it, with Constitution potentially coming on in the summertime of 16 how are you guys thinking about the [ends] [ph] market there right now in terms of pricing and, is it  I know that you would partially do it naturally be better than Appalachia, but do you have a sense of how close that pricing should be to NYMEX and what you see  how you see that dynamic kind of building out?
Dan Dinges: Well, certainly on a historic look, the price points up there at that [right station] [ph] and into that line are close to the NYMEX pricing. Various times of the year it exceeds NYMEX pricing by a considerable margin. Weve already kind of broadcast that we will make that call on how we would roll into the Constitution volumes whether it would be just total incremental volumes to what our current production is at that point in time of commissioning or if it will be a phase in by displacing the volumes from our current price points to the Constitution pipeline. I think it is safe to say at that point in time regardless of when Constitution is commissioned, whether it is in the middle of summer or right at the beginning of the third quarter I think it is safe to say that those price points more likely if they are consistent with historic is going to be at a higher better price point than the current indices that we are selling into. So we would naturally move and fill 100% of constitution immediately, but it may be just a displacement from the Millennium or Transco or Tennessee lines.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks for that color Dan.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
Dan Dinges: Hi Brian.
Brian Singer: Actually wanted to follow up on that exact point, which is how you strategically determine the appropriate mix of filling constitution with production you already have versus kind of new production, when do you have to make that call? Are you planning on increasing your production capacity from where it is today by the full 500 million a day, and then you make that  you can make that call at the last second or is there a point where earlier on where you have to figure out your rig count and make that call on the split between transferring production currently oversupplying or potentially oversupplying the local market versus new production to go onto constitution?
Dan Dinges: That is a big question Brian, and how I answer the question will be dependent upon how much I make Phil Stalnaker squirm over here in front of me. But keep in mind that the capital intensity necessary for us to ramp up our volumes is minimal comparatively speaking when you look across the space to be able to find another half a Bcf a day. The driving consideration for that volume of production is going to be not necessarily in the rig count, but it is going to be how we stage in frac crews to allow timely completions of those wells that we have in the queue. So the plan building up to that decision point it would be our intent to have in the queue that will allow us to have that maximum flexibility is to have wells drilled and in the queue waiting on completion if you will as opposed to backing up a step and saying that we havent even drilled the wells or drill those pad sides yet. So when you get towards the end of this year, the discussions that we will have with the North will be all right, let us look at our capital program, let us look at our cash flow, let us look at the dynamics of the macro market, and let us make a call on bringing on another rig if we felt we needed it in the first part of 2016 but also looking at ahead at the end of the second quarter beginning of the third quarter how many frac crews do we want have land up to get ready to move those volumes in the constitution. Again, keep in mind that constitution is going to be failed immediately upon commissioning the decision is going to be do we back fill Tennessee Transco Millennium with those volumes and how long do we want to take to backfill those volumes. But at the end of this year, as we go into the planning stage for our initial budget for 2016 which we present to the board in October will have some of these discussions.
Brian Singer: Great, thanks. And my follow up is if you could just two other points one whether youre seeing any substantive cost deflation that unrelated to your activity levels could push down your budget this year or not. And then your outlook for committing to additional substantive [indiscernible] arrangements?
Dan Dinges: Once you cover the midstream going to have thats going to roll out.
Jeff Hutton: Okay Brian, this is Jeff. I think there is a number of smaller projects that were involved with what we felt this fall being the very important project that weve some long term sales associated with the petroleum per pricing. There is of course, following up with that there is the Columbia east side expansion weve some additional capacity come along at that point. After that we have of course constitution midsummer of next year and those are the  more or less short term drivers on new capacity and Atlantic Sunrise in 2017 and also new project for Tennessee at the smaller scale project about 150,000 a day thats  over into New Jersey area from our production area. So thats the kind of the short longer term of projects.
Scott Schroeder: And Brian on your question about cost let me just answer this and if I dont answer this and if I dont answer fully just let me know but we do anticipate seeing additional incremental cost reductions and the inter operations we have not realized any of the saving as state indicated inside electrification of solar operations in the Eagle Ford. But we also think that the service providers are up, also obtaining and getting additional cost concessions from their providers that would naturally be shared somehow with the operators. So, we do anticipate that additional cost reductions would roll through our program between now and year end.
Brian Singer: Great, thank you.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Our Next question comes from Pearce Hammond of Simmons, please go ahead.
Pearce Hammond: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Dan, there are being many reports in the press about frac log or significant backlog of drill but not completed wells and previously Q1 earnings you said that cabbage should exit 2015 with approximately 45 wells in the queue for 2016 in the Marcellus and approximately 20 wells in the Eagle Ford and I know you talked about this little bit in the Q&A and in some prepared remarks. But I want to see if that was still the case and then if so, how do these figures compare to the number of wells that you had queued up entering this year and if you have any big picture thoughts regarding this industry frac log, is it real, is it overstated or what not, love to get that color as well?
Dan Dinges: Well, first off, on our expectations for year end 2015 we do still maintain our expectations, 20 wells in the Eagle Ford and 45 wells or so in the Marcellus that is going to remain consistent, I dont see much getting in the way of that expectation. In regard to frac log and looking at the backlog its always seems to be a moving number that you see out there and Ive seen different accounts what is backlog at any one give time. I do know that from a operation standpoint and Ill talk more geographically about say where that could have a larger impact in our Northeast Pennsylvania in that six county area, if you look at that area, weve talked in the past about how many rigs are running and how many frac crews are up there. Our most recent intelligence is that you had through say January, February, March, a certain number of rigs running up there and most recently in April we place the number of rigs up there in that particular area and our neck of the woods had only 12 rigs that are currently running and we have at any given time 6 to 8 frac crews operating in that neck of the wood. Now if you do the simple math, and you look at the 8BCF or so a day that's kind of coming from that area 12 rigs and 6 rig frac crews are going to have one hell of a time keeping up with any natural declines that you might suspect from the volumes that are being produced. Now do you think that there were and have been just like we had some curtailed volumes that could keep maybe back filling some of that gas volume and you are maybe today not seeing any type of real inflection point but it doesnt take a [indiscernible] to do the quick numbers on RPs and 30 day averages and all that for those number of pieces to the equipment to say that there has to be some depletion of the backlog if you will and the ability of wells to keep up with the natural depletion that would occur and under those circumstances. So on 2014 at the end of 2014, I think we had a similar number we might actually have a couple of more wells at the end of 2015 as we had at the end of 2014 but for the most part we are going to have a similar backlog for us.
Pearce Hammond: Thank you for that. That color is very helpful and then my follow-up is some oil service providers have highlighted the tremendous opportunity in re-fracing wells can you see the same opportunity for Cabot and so and in what region?
Dan Dinges: Well, I have had a just a recent discussion with Phil in regard to our Eagle Ford operation just the industry in general on kind of whats being done out there and then it kind of end up in a high level Ill let him just kind of talk about maybe some of the areas that a re-frac might be considered.
Scott Schroeder: So Pearce, when we look at that successful re-frac throughout the industry really what has been targeted is wells that have had I would say less sand concentration or lower con activity of frac jobs pump as compared to what the current standard would be and then secondly a group of wells that might have different pup clustering then what's being used. So a lot of people are targeting wells that may have been lets say pup at 100 foot spacing and now what people are targeting 50 foot spacing and the same thing kind of on the sand basis where people may have done 800 pounds per foot versus now what people are pumping closer towards 1600 pounds per foot. Cabot does have some opportunity for refracs. I would say that we would target those when we would do the down spaced wells and do those in conjunction with that so you could get the full benefit of the zipper frac both on the refrac and on the new wells that we drill in the down spaced perspective.
Pearce Hammond: Great. Well thank you very much for the color.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Christensen of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Robert Christensen: Yes. Thank you. My understanding that 60 days after the public commentary in New York which ended February 27, under the uniform procedures that 60 days we should have some news out of the DEC of New York at that would imply next week. Is that the case we should hear from them one way or another next week?
Dan Dinges: No Bob that's not the understanding we have from  at this time. The DEC has taken the time to thoroughly review the comments that were submitted in the public comment period. Our understanding is that they are close to releasing the answers so to speak on these comments. There is still some work in progress surrounding the permits but we made a lot of progress here in the last couple of months and our expectations are that those permits will be issued sometime in the second quarter May, June time period.
Robert Christensen: And if you could answer a little bit about nothing materially that was 
Dan Dinges: Absolutely. So, from the comments that have been submitted our understanding from Williams is that the comments are very similar in nature that the comments were submitted to PERC as so there has been nothing in their review of the comment has been substantially different I guess than what they have seen before so we are encouraged by that so far. 
Scott Schroeder: One worry I have is that they would come with something that said we have got to study this and study it equally to the study period of the PERC and that period I believe took from February and go forward to October, February 14 to October 14 like 8 months. And we want the same time that the said tab I am studying this that's the concern I have. Should I have that concern that they can come with that type of thing.
Dan Dinges: I think the application for the permit has been in New York DEC hands for a much longer period of time than what youre referring to, I think they have had a very lengthy time to review.
Robert Christensen: Got it. Well thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Thanks Bob. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Beard from Iberia. Please go ahead.
David Beard: Hi good morning gentlemen. I apologize if this question has been asked, to access Ive trouble getting on my call but I just wanted to review just to see to have a bit more volatile production here first quarter, second quarter I was surprised with the prices being fairly week I would have expected volumes to be commensurately low or can you just talk a little bit about the press volume relationship, I know we are talking a fairly short term point of view and maybe what to expect on forward relative to that price volume relationship?
Dan Dinges: Well, we made an early determination and based on our crystal ball which again is no better than anybody else but with our crystal ball we made and placed our guidance out there early on that did take in considerations curtailed volumes and where we are right now our first quarter volumes were robust and we felt good about our operational performance in the first quarter but in the second quarter when anticipation again the maintenance projects and all particularly affecting the pipes that we sell into up in the Marcellus, we thought that by the continued supply increase and the construction project and maintenance projects up there that we would see softness in prices at this period of time. I think that is holding true. We are backing up some of the volumes and we think just from a prudency standpoint to protect shareholders assets and not to compromise our margin to the extent that the current price would yield we think it is prudent in this environment to take some of the gas and protect our margins. I think that's a prudent economics decision on our part and we are going to stick to that.
David Beard: That's helpful. And just to change subjects on a follow-up, given we have seen some reduced rigs operating in the Marcellus both east and west do you think there will be an impact relative to production from the curtailment in the second half of the year or is that likely to be pushed off into next year for the industry?
Dan Dinges: I think by the second half of the year whether or not you see a rollover is debatable, I think you will see a possible inflection point in any of the growth profile. Again back to just the numbers that are out in front of us if you believe that up in that 6 can area that there is in April beginning in April there were 12 rigs running and 6 to 8 frac crews in that area and producing approximately 8 BCF a day even if all those wells were to the degree and to the performance levels of Cabot type wells, you are going to have a difficult time being able to maintain much less grow the production volumes from that product base. So I think the numbers have reflected that the other wells that are drilled out there are not like Cabot wells and so therefore I would be inclined to believe that some point in time you are going to see an inflection point on the volumes produced. 
David Beard: Now that's helpful. Thank you gentlemen. I appreciate the time.
Dan Dinges: Thanks David. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Guffey of Stifel, please go ahead.
Dan Guffey: Thanks. You guys continue to generate salary results and you referred specially compared to earlier vintage wells I guess could you give details surrounding your current standard completion zone and any technical improvements you are currently testing to further enhance productivity?
Dan Dinges: Well, I will get real granular on it but I will let Steve answer some of this but our lateral links are beyond 6000 feet and our profit per lateral foot is 1600 or so right now when we certainly are aware that some companies have gone up to 2300, 2400 maybe 2500 pounds per lateral foot and our south region will explore with some of that as we continue our operation we have got our down spacing program that we feel comfortable with and have a number of pilot programs that had given us the confidence at 300 down spaced is going to be how we place our wells from this point forward as we have been successful in maintaining our primary term acreage and we have had responsive landowners negotiate with us in regard to the timing of obligatory wells or continuous development wells out there on their properties some of those mineral owners do not want to produce their well into a low price environment. So we have been able to extend some time on those particular leases. So between now and the year with one rig, and a not a 24/7 frac crew some of the experimentation if you will and completion efforts that we would be implementing are not going to be very numerous simply because we are kind of in a somewhat of a holding pattern with one rig and one crew.
Dan Guffey: Okay. Thanks for the detail. You kind of touched on the 300 foot space in your prepared remarks just now I am curious how many pilots you have at 300 feet space is that kind of standard completion is on and how are you looking at it is it stack and staggers or are you just landing kind of in the lower zone and keeping it at 300 foot apart.
Dan Dinges: Well, we are in the lower zone with our 300 foot spacing but we have several points within the lower zone that we are landing our wells. And we have 20 or 30 of the pilots that are out there that have shown good results. But again, we have not gotten to the point of doing anything yet in the upper Eagle Ford on the staggers that some have been talking about. Our staggers are in a narrower range within the lower Eagle Ford on our placements. But we have also had 300 foot space laterals that have been in the same landing points also within the lower Eagle Ford that we feel comfortable about.
Dan Guffey: Okay. Great. And you touched on M&A previously but curious do you guys are interested in seeing bolt on acquisitions and opportunities in South Texas?
Dan Dinges: Well again, to not get granular on it we look at all the opportunities that are available out there. We are just fresh up taking up two properties that were good fits to our operation in the Eagle Ford that we closed in the fourth quarter the results that we have seen from that efforts proved out an efficient program and consistency with our expectations or exceeding expectations with the wells that we drilled on those properties. So it all comes together and you can get into an environment that is little bit more robust and a $50 roll price then it will make sense.
Dan Guffey: Thanks. I appreciate your color guys.
Dan Dinges: Yes, thank you Dan.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan Dinges: Okay. Right appreciate it, appreciate everybody's focus on Cabot as you are well aware and we are all well aware we are in a challenged commodity price environment in both oil and gas, efficiencies are being realized and cost reductions realized, the radar operations both side cash cost basis for our unit production but also in our capital program and we expect to see continued improvement throughout the year. And thanks again for your interest in Cabot.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-18 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP G. Mark Burford - VP-Capital Markets & Planning
Analysts: Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Brian D. Gamble - Simmons & Co. International Joe D. Allman - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities LLC Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc. Cameron J. Horwitz - USCA Securities LLC
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Cimarex Energy Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note, this event is being recorded. Now, I'd like to turn the conference over to Karen Acierno, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Acierno, please go ahead.
Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Pete. Good morning, everyone. Our speakers today will be our CEO, Tom Jorden, followed by John Lambuth, VP of Exploration; and Joe Albi, our COO will conclude our prepared remarks. Paul Korus and Mark Burford are also here in the room. Last night, an updated presentation was posted to our website. We will be referring to this presentation on our call today. As a reminder, our discussions will contain forward-looking statements. A number of actions could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K and other filings and news releases for the risks associated with our business. With that, I'll turn it over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Karen, and thanks to everyone who is participating in today's conference. We sincerely appreciate your interest in Cimarex. I'd like to take a few minutes to share some thoughts on the current environment before turning it over to John and Joe for details of our results and our plans for 2015. Cimarex had a great year in 2014. During this call, you'll hear details of our accomplishments, our challenges, and our prospective as we look ahead into 2015 and 2016. We had some great well results to report. Our operations group achieved outstanding production growth in-spite of some severe weather events and unplanned downtime. We executed on some well time strategic asset purchases and sales. We finished the year strong and entered 2015 with over $400 million cash on hand. In these difficult times, Cimarex stands out with quality assets, the strong balance sheet and an organization that is eager and ready to face today's new challenges. What a difference a quarter makes. During October, we met with a number of our current perspective owners in the midst to the drop in oil prices from the mid $90 per barrel to the mid $70 per barrel. At that time, we said that Cimarex would view the changing situations through a lens that focused on three key questions. Does our portfolio contained investments are look attractive at current commodity prices and service costs? Do we have the balance sheet and cash flow to fund these opportunities? And once the overall market psychology and how should that impact our capital discipline? In other words, will the industry slow dramatically and drive service costs further down? Since that time in October, the situation has deteriorated further, but the conversation still about asset quality, balance sheet held and capital discipline. First and foremost, Cimarex has great assets. Our Delaware Basin assets are providing excellent investment returns in the current environment. Innovation and optimization continue to produce improved well results. Our Anadarko Basin assets are top tiered. The Woodford Shale is delivering solid returns. We've continued to de-risk our Meramec position they are gaining increasing confidence to say that it provides some of the very best returns in our portfolio. We have a great acreage position in the economic sweet spot of the play. John will provide additional details on this. Secondly, our balance sheet remained strong and we planned on keeping it that way. We do not know how deep or sustained this down cycle will be, preserving a health of the company and our financial flexibility is paramount. Finally, we're committed to being highly disciplined in this volatile environment. We may not have seen the bottom of this correction yet. We do expect to see further service cost reductions. Our go forward approach will be characterized by a mix of long-term and short-term thinking. We're going to take a long-term approach with our assets and organization. With few exceptions, our 6-rig program can hold our acreage in 2015 without difficulty. We'll let a little acreage go, but it will all be second-tier acreage in which we've had marginal results. Our organization is focused and fully deployed on adding value and capturing opportunity in this environment, and I'll speak more on that in a moment. We'll take a very short-term approach to our balance sheet and capital investments. Our goal in 2015 is to live within cash flow and cash on hand. We view debt as a long-term commitment, and we are highly reluctant to incur additional debt, until we see commodity prices and service cost stabilize. Although, we're guiding 2015 CapEx in the $900 million to $1.1 billion range. We aren't really thinking about this as an annual budget. The $900 million to $1.1 billion estimate is a snapshot in time. We remain poised and ready to increase activity on the moment's notice. Our decision to contract the six rigs as the prudent course of action, until we see signs of stability that can have the confidence in the robustness of our investment returns. At our current pace of activity, will go production 3% to 8% year-over-year. Furthermore, we've projected Q4 2015 exit rate, which is essentially flat or down only slightly from our Q4 2014 exit rate. We can manage this downturn without sacrificing future growth. Finally, I want to comment on the opportunities with this down-cycle will present. There will be acquisition opportunities. We've already been presented with a number of them, but the bar is high. Any corporate or asset transaction will need to be value accretive from the Cimarex shareholder or we're not interested purely. Our balance sheet gives us great flexibility, and we're under no pressure to do anything other than play it smart. Make sense deals are rear, but will be ready. Cimarex has a staff that is focused, dedicated and hungry to continue to innovate and optimize. We are not shipwreck victims waiting for rescue. The mandate throughout organization is to figure out how to make a living and drive in today's environment. We're not ideally waiting for commodity prices to bounce back to the pre-correction levels. None of us can know where commodity prices will stabilize, but we are proceeding on the assumption that the days of $90-oil are long gone. In this new era, the efficient low-cost resource producer will be the one that survives and prosperous. Cimarex is dedicated to emerge from this current environment as a better, more productive company. We're using this downtime to refocus and retool our organization, we'll be measured by what we've always been measured by results and we face this challenge without looking back. In the end, there is no substitute for great assets, a great balance sheet and an outstanding organization. During 2014, we continued to demonstrate that Cimarex has some of the best assets and the organizational capability in the business. With that, I'll turn the call over to John and Joe, who will describe the progress we made in delineating and developing our outstanding portfolio.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Thanks, Tom. I'd like to quickly recap our activity in the fourth quarter and for the year before getting into some of the specifics about our new drilling results. Cimarex drilled and completed 87 gross, 53 net wells during the quarter, investing $457 million. 78% was invested in the Permian region and the rest went toward activities in the Cana region including the drilling of both Meramec and Woodford wells. Our Permian operations are in Delaware Basin, where we grew up 39 net wells during the fourth quarter. Our activities in this area were focused on drilling and completing Wolfcamp long laterals; second Bone Spring wells in our White City area; and Avalon wells. We've had exceptional results drilling second Bone Spring wells in our White City area in Eddy County, New Mexico. I'll refer you to slide 10 of our presentation which illustrates the uplift we've seen in production using a larger completion. We've gone from nine to 15 stages in order to achieve these results. Similar to the second Bone Spring wells in Culberson County. These wells have a higher gas components than our traditional Bone Spring wells, which increases productivity and improves overall economics. As of today, we have identified approximately 90 second Bone Spring locations on our White City acreage with the vast majority of those being located on acreage, which is currently held by production. In our press release, we've mentioned results from six new Culberson County, Wolfcamp long laterals. Five of those were Wolfcamp D wells, which had averaged 30-day peak IPs about 2,236 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And while we are very pleased with these results, we continue to work on optimizing our frac design to both maximize IP rates, while also paying close attention to cost. Currently, we have five long laterals flowing back with varying frac designs including some with pure equivalent stages. These wells have been completed are in the early stages of flow back thus no conclusions can be reached yet for these wells. We've adjusted our Wolfcamp acreage position slightly since our last update, but still have a total exposure of 235,000 potential net acres. In 2015, our Wolfcamp capital will be focused on drilling additional long lateral wells in Culberson County, as well as meeting our leasehold obligations in Reeves County, which will be fulfilled by drilling eight wells in 2015 at a cost of $70 million. Lastly, in the Delaware Basin, I'd like to give you an update on the status of our fourth pilot drilled in 2014, which is the Stacked/Staggered Wolfcamp eight pilot in Reeves County. This pilot was designed to test both down-spacing and the viability of landing more than one lateral in the thick Wolfcamp A section. After delays caused by the September flooding, these wells began producing in early December and have been online for about 75 days. However, due to intermittent downstream processing issues during December, a good number of our Reeves County wells, including this pilot were hampered with sporadic production down times thus making a 30 day IP meaningless for the purpose of this call. With the addition of a new processing outlet in the area, we anticipate having smoother production information as we get further into the quarter and thus enable us to better determine the true potential of this facing pilot. Now on to the Mid-Continent region. We drilled 57 net wells in Mid-Continent region in 2014 with 42 of those wells being Woodford wells. We also drilled seven Meramac lineation tests, all of which are now producing. We now have enough production data on six of the seven Meramac wells to provide you with a peak 30 day average IP rate of 10.2 million cubic feet equivalent per day. As was mentioned in the press release, these wells have a wide range of oil deal. In fact I need to issue a correction to the release and that the oil percentage range for these wells is actually 7% to 55% instead of the 20% to 55% that was stated in the release. As illustrated on slide 18 of our presentation, you can see that wells on the up-dip side of the line have a much higher percentage of oil averaging 49% versus down-dip wells which average 16%. We are very encouraged with these wells results, especially when you take in account that all of these delineation wells were just 5,000 foot laterals. Our 2015 plans are to continue to delineate our acreage position with 5,000 foot laterals, while we also embark on drilling a number of 10,000 foot laterals in the Meramec. If we achieve similar uplift and going from 5,000 foot to 10,000 foot, I've seen in other plays, then these wells will generate some of the highest rate of returns within our portfolio drilling opportunities. Current plans are to invest $70 million in the Meramec drilling in 2015. Regarding our acreage position, Cimarex has approximately 115,000 acres that are prospective for the Meramec, 70,000 acres of which have been de-risked by our and competitor drilling activity. And then finally, in November, we commenced a seven-section infill development program in the Cana-Woodford shale. Originally planned to be 10 sections, commodity prices caused this year's development to be downsize. We will operate two of these sections. Drilling capital allocated for the Woodford infill program in 2015 is approximately $180 million for both operated and non-operated wells. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: Thank you, John. And thank you, all of you for joining our call today. I'll touch on the usual items, our fourth quarter production, our first quarter and full year 2015 production outlook and guidance and then I'll follow up with a few comments on (13:55) really drove the increase there with Q4 Permian oil volume of 38,246 barrels a day, being at the 11.5% or 3,947 barrels a day over Q3. Over last year, we've seen exceptional production growth overall in the Permian, not just in Q4. Our Q4 2014 equivalent volume was up 34% or 114 million a day from a year ago and our Q4 2014 Permian oil volume was up 29% or 85,095 barrels a day over the same time period last year. On an annual basis, our average 2014 Permian equivalent production came in at 399 million a day, that's up 79 million a day or 25% over our 2013 average of 320 million a day. As we anticipated, with fewer net Mid-Continent completions coming online in the latter half of 2014, we saw our Mid-Continent net equivalent volume drop slightly from Q3 to Q4. We completed 35 net wells during Q1 and Q2 of last year in the Mid-Continent, as compared to the 9 that we completed during Q3 and 14 that we completed in Q4. And as a result, our Q4 Mid-Continent equivalent production averaged 488 million a day, down slightly from the 518 million a day that we posted in Q3. That said, we posted nice production gains overall in the Mid-Continent during 2014. Our Q4 2014 Mid-Continent exit rate of 488 million a day was up 42%, or 144 million a day from Q4 2013. And our full year 2014 Mid-Continent average of 451 million a day was up 30% or 105 million a day over our 2013 average of 346 million a day. So overall, at the company level, it was a great year for us from a production standpoint. We set record marks in all production categories, whether it'd be oil, gas, NGLs or equivalent volumes, at the company level, as well as at both the Permian and the Mid-Continent regions, we're pretty proud of that. With the contributions from the Permian and the Mid-Continent, our full year 2014 total company net equivalent production average of 869 million a day was up a 176 million a day or 25% over our 2013 reported average of 693 million a day. When you throw in the 2014 property sales that we had, on a year-over-year, apples-to-apples basis our production growth was 27%. As we look forward into 2015, our 2015 total company average equivalent volume guidance of 895 million a day to 935 million a day is modeled using the low-end of our 2015 productions or capital projection, and results in the 3% to 8% projected growth over 2014. The carryover the current geographic focus of our drilling program into 2015, coupled with our reduction in shipping of rigs as we move further into the year, results in our 2015 production growth coming from the Permian early in the year and the Mid-Continent later in the year. With our current 2015 rig and completion schedules, we're focusing approximately 50 net wells to be completed in the Permian during 2015, with 35 to 40 of those wells projected to come online during the first half of the year. With that, our current modeling calls for Permian production to continue to grow in 2015 with projected Permian equivalent volumes up 13% to 19% over our 2014 levels. In contrast, we're targeting 30 net wells to 35 net wells to be completed in the Mid-Continent during the year, but five to six of those wells coming on production in the first half of the year and 25 to 30 coming on in the second half. That coincides with our Cana-Woodford development. With the back-end loading of completion activity, our Mid-Continent production is expected to drop somewhat through mid Q3, and then increase significantly during Q4, and really reaching a peak with the full development of row 4 in December of 2015. The bottom line at the Mid-Continent level  is that the Mid-Continent will see relatively flat year-over-year production as compared to 2015  2014. As we start-off into the year, we've issued our Q1, 2015 guidance of 920 million to 940 million a day, which incorporates a negative impact of 25 million to 30 million a day for early Permian downtime, associated with weather in January and some pipeline facility maintenance that we're doing in Culberson and Reeves County here in February. With our current drilling schedule, our projected fourth quarter 2015 exit rate is forecasted to be as Tom mentioned flat to down slightly, compared to our fourth quarter 2014 exit rate. But again this forecast is based on the low end of our capital spending projection, and as Tom emphasized just a minute ago, we have a lot of flexibility in that regard, as we watch the market conditions react accordingly. Any changes in our capital spending will obviously affect our current production forecast. Jumping over to OpEx, with the continued focused on our LOE, our Q4 lifting cost came in at a $1.05 per Mcfe, puts us in our full year average of $1.08 per Mcfe, right at the bottom end of our guidance of $1.08 to $1.12 and down $0.05 from our 2013 average of $1.13. Our production group is keeping their focus on reducing cost in all areas and we're seeing signs of modest cost relate here in Q1 for items such as saltwater disposal, rentals, chemicals, contract labor and well servicing. The purpose of the guidance will project in our 2015 lifting cost to come in at a $1.07 to $1.17 which takes into account the front-end loading of our projected higher lifting cost Permian new production in the first half of the year. Our service costs are concerned with the precipitous drop in industry activity, we've seen significant drops in service cost since just the beginning of the year. First, we saw on the drilling side, and more recently on the completion side. Geographically, the reduction seem to come quicker in the Mid-Continent then in the Permian. Most likely result of the backlog of industry Permian activity during Q3 and Q4, especially on the completion side. That said, current costs are now down in both areas. On the drilling side, we've seen anywhere from 5% to 15% reductions in day rates and 10% to 20% plus reductions in virtually all other cost components the mud, rentals, bits, directional tools just to name a few. And just recently we've seen drops on the completion side. The significant decreases in all of the major frac cost components whether it'd be sand, transportation, chemicals or service. As a result, at the total company level, our current average per well frac costs are down about 20% from late Q4 levels, all the while we're pumping on the average 10% more fluid and 40% more sand. The bottom line is that depending on the program, our total well costs currently are down 13% to 20% from where they were just two months ago. Our current Cana Core Woodford AFE is in the range of $6.8 million to $7.2 million, that's down approximately 14% from the $7.9 million to $8.4 million that we quoted last call. In the Meramec, with just a half dozen wells under our belt, the current single mile lateral AFEs are running in the $7.2 million to $7.6 million neighborhood, that's down 13% more they were in late Q4. In the Permian, our focus in 2015 will be the Wolfcamp, primarily in Culberson, primarily during long laterals. The cost reductions we've seen today uphold our projected two-mile lateral in Culberson, down 15% to 20% to levels of $11.3 million to $12.3 million. With our Reeves County two-mile Wolfcamp laterals running slightly higher at $12.1 million to $13.1 million, primarily a result of the need to add for us to run additional string of pipe in certain portions of the Reeves County area. In closing, we had a great 2014, with strong contributions from both our Permian and Mid-Continent programs. We set new records for the company in all production categories. Both our proved reserves and our net production were up 25% over 2013 with the strong fourth quarter and carryover of our 2014 activity were set up for production growth again here in 2015, despite falling in the range on our capital program, while we preserve our balance sheet. And with some nice decreases already under our belt, we continue to focus on reducing LOE and total well cost, so as to be that, low cost resource producer to be able to capitalize on whatever the market throws at us here in 2015. We want to commend the organization for the great year that they had in 2014 and for the great job they've done early on in the year retrenching us to make the best and a very successful year for us in 2015. And with that, I'll turn the call over to question-and-answer.
Operator: Yes. Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And the first question comes from Drew Venker with Morgan Stanley.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hey Drew.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just wanted to get some color on how are you thinking about capital allocation between Cana and the Meramec, the return is obviously for both programs look great on current prices, but Meramec looks a bit higher. Are there infrastructure needs that prevent you from flipping that to be selling more in Meramec or is it just too early to have a great sensitive production profile there?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah Drew, this is John Lambuth. I'm not aware of any infrastructure issue whether on drilling Meramec or Cana. They have fairly similar production flow stream. So, that's not a hindrance to us in terms of our decisions there. It really comes down to in the case of Cana or the Woodford shale, there we're pretty much in development mode. And so, there it's kind of that dance we do with our partner Devon and ensuring that we're working together and we've already laid out a plan in terms of what will be developing this year and that's the amount of capital we talked about. As far as Meramec, really it's still all about delineation for us, further expanding the opportunity set here as far as what acreage is perspective. And then as I stated, there's also the need to get after and get a few 10,000 foot laterals under our belt, get some production history under those to get more confident as to what kind of returns those will generate. So that's kind of the balance we're striking right now for this year as we go forward.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Jerry, this is Tom. I would add to that. A lot of that's baked in. We started this development project in the Woodford last fall. We're pleased to have and the returns are excellent. To the extent that we have additional capital, and it's competing, Meramec is going to be top tier and probably we'll be getting additional capital if indeed we accelerate.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's very helpful color. Then I was just curious, if you've seen longer production history on these upsides Cana completions. Can you talk about the decline rates in the production profile on the new completion versus the old style. Is that just a one-to-one shift up in a curve. Does that come off, that improvement come off somewhat as you get further out in the production profile?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John Lambuth again. I mean so far we're very pleased with what we're seeing with those upside fracs, and what we're seeing at the production of those wells. We're not falling off, let's say faster than what the  say the old style frac was doing. And I guess I'll reference you to slide 21 which actually shows some relative data as far as flow back time to both the Golden and the Hartz wells. Let me also say that we are still not fully optimized within the Woodford when it comes to our frac design, we are currently fracking wells right now where we're testing even more stages and more sand, I will tell you that embedded within that Hartz section which what we're showing you there is an average result of Hartz, we have a number of wells, two of them in particular where we did go to even more stages and those wells definitely exhibited better production rates. So we're pretty confident that we're actually going to be able to get even more out of this rock based on those results, and again we have some wells right now we're fracking, that we think will lead us to the ultimate design that we'll use as we go forward on well four and its development.
Drew E. Venker - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for the color, John.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Phillip Jungwirth with BMO.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah, good morning.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Good morning.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): You mentioned the 3% to 8% growth was based on the low end of the budget or $900 million. So, do you anticipate spending at the low end of the range based on this six operated rig program and the range assumes the potential of second half increase? And then, could you give us a sensitivity in terms of growth rate year-over-year, it is a higher CapEx meaning we were to spend at the midpoint this could add an extra 200 basis points or 300 basis points to grow or is this just help your exit rate in 2015?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, this is Tom. I'll  I'm going to take that in the back going forward. Yeah, we have modeled that. I just want to remind our listeners that it's only been within the last 10 days or 2 weeks that we've seen oil prices inch up slightly and we were in an environment where prices were self-falling so fast and it was very difficult to have any capital model that allows you to make intelligence statements about what your balance sheet would be at the end of the year. So we made a decision to go to six rigs and we stand behind that decision, even in today's environment we think what is that exactly, where we are to be. So we modeled our production at that low end of our capital. But as I said in my opening remarks, we don't think about this as an annual plan. It is a snapshot in time that's appropriate for today and in fact, we may make a decision to accelerate a rig or two here next week, if we really are confident that the situation is stabilized. Our capital model for 2015 as we'd currently plan under current conditions, involves us having cash on our balance sheet at the end of the year, and we don't see the need to have cash on our balance sheet. So we do have the wherewithal to increased activity. Now, guilty as charged that we have not come out with a production model that captures any increased activity. Our production model we released this morning is at that lower level of activity, where I want to just ask for your indulgence in reminding you that was made in a following commodity price environment. So, we'll see as we go, we're poised to accelerate.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: Yeah. This is Joe. Couple of the points I'd like to make with regard to that too, there is so many other factors that play here. Drilling and completion costs, do they reduce further or are they flat? How that affect our activity and our production? The timing of that CapEx. If we were to increase our capital expenditures as of Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, is it applied to road drilling in Cana where we drill wells first get them all drilled and then come back and complete them later or is it single wells in the Permian. All these factors really tell us that if we were to accelerate our capital spending this year chances are, it's not going to have an immediate impact on the middle of the year projection and would most likely show itself up in the latter part of the year.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And to that point, what's your ability to accelerate or increase net activity in the Chevron, JVA and if you were to add back rigs with which place do you think would see the first incremental dollar allocated to them?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. We have plenty of locations in the building to bring rigs back into Culberson, with Chevron. We're in constant communication with them, and they see as we see some of the great way to returns we see there. So, we are tied up to do just that indeed, that's one area as we talked about where we see very good returns. But likewise, just north of there in the White City, our Bone Spring wells are generating some outstanding returns as well. And we have a very nice inventory wells permitted, ready to go there as well. And then as someone else mentioned, we have lots of Meramec locations that we can nearly get after as well. So, this is not a question of the opportunity set, we are ready to go, we're just waiting for the right conditions to tell us it is time to go.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. This is Tom. It's a lot easier to start than stop. The decision to lay down rigs can take 60 days to 90 days depending on the rig and what project it's on. Decision to add a rig can be executed in the matter of couple of weeks. So, we're poised and ready.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then last question. During the 2009 downturn if memory serves me right, you guys used that as an opportunity to focus on efficiencies and really kicked off the Bone Spring play into Mexico as a horizontal play. Just wondering if there is any less obvious efficiency improvements that are worth highlighting that you're focused on this cycle as you look to do more with less capital?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, yes. This is Tom. We are absolutely looking at becoming better executors at resource play development. We have huge resource plays in our inventory and those involve very complex project management challenges. It involves not only drilling the wells, it involves infrastructure, it involves water sourcing, water disposal, it involves electrification, it involves air quality, it involves a host of things that in order to be a low cost operator, demand is strategic focus. And in the high growth high level of activity, in some sense, we've been in reactive mode more than the kind of strategic planning mode, there that will take to become that low-cost operator in a lower margin business. And we are absolutely focusing our organization on this challenge. So our organization is highly engaged and we're building plans for when we come back with a roar. And I appreciate your  reminding us and reminding the listeners of the downturn in 2008, 2009. I think if you look at that periods in Cimarex history, it was some of our finest efforts and we came out of that correction a far far better company than we came into it and we are fully dedicated to do that again.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Brian Gamble with Simmons & Company.
Brian D. Gamble - Simmons & Co. International: Good morning, guys. Couple of things, one on the upside, just looking at some of the well results in the Permian for the quarter. It looked like some of the IPs maybe a little bit short of what you'd recognized through third quarter, but the oil cuts were outstanding, is there anything specific that was being done in each of those plays to change that, or is it just the matter of geography, maybe you could walk through that a little bit?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. I think in particular, you're making reference to our Culberson long laterals entity (34:47). And you hit it right on the head, one of the biggest factors there is geography. We're obviously delineating more and more of our acreage with those wells. And in some areas, it's very good, in some areas, it's not. And so that's one driver to that. And then the other is, we always are tinkering with our frac design. And some of the newer wells, we've been really pumping a lot of fluid. And quite frankly, and flowing back those wells that will in some ways have an impact on the overall IP 30 rate. We don't think it's really material to the EUR of the well, but it does have some potential impact on the flow back on that well. But mostly, it's geographic diversity as we continue to explore across our large acreage position there.
Brian D. Gamble - Simmons & Co. International: Great. And then maybe on the strategy side of things, Tom you kind of mentioned that it's obviously the flexibility is the keyword, taking it down to six as we've  if we call a bottom here on crude in the low $50s, looking at the slide that you have provided. The (35:53) are still pretty impressive in multiple areas. And when you think about ramping capital up from the low-end, do you need to see improvement in the oil price to make that happen or do you just need to have  I guess from a company standpoint, some reasonable certainty or some reasonable comfort with the current levels because even at current levels it seems like your returns are more than acceptable?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Brian, you hit the nail on the head there. We have great assets, and there's lot of things I am grateful for. There is no substitute for asset quality, and we have great assets. Assets that in today's climate with current costs and current service costs generate very-very nice returns. So, that's not a barrier, just picking up activity. It's we want them to just become convinced that we can see a stable future. There is still some speculation out there that we haven't seen the bottom in the oil markets. And the last thing we want to do is get out there and accelerate and then see oil slide into the $30s. Now, maybe that's not going to happen, maybe we've seen the bottom, and if you're willing to call it on this call Brian, I think that'd be great. We're just going to watch this a little while. And I want to be clear here, we're not committing to what a little while means. We may go next week and say, it's time to add a rig or two, but we want to be very forthcoming with you today as to how we see it and our most prudent course of action is to say you know what, we're just going to watch this until it clarifies. So no, we have great assets and we think our assets can generate acceptable returns in today's commodity pricing.
Brian D. Gamble - Simmons & Co. International: Great. And then one quick last one on the Meramec, you mentioned either the plans or the future possibilities of drilling 10,000 foot laterals, are we drilling a 10,000 foot Meramec in 2015, should we expect that before year-end or is that a 2016 event?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. We definitely are drilling in 2015. In fact, we have one come up here real soon on the schedule. We right now have three scheduled and really in drilling those, we're trying to place them close to  we have an established 5,000 foot lateral that way we can measure the uplift and get a good sense of is that a good investment decision for us. So, we have quite a few planned for 2015 and as we get that data and get the production data in hand we'll give you an update on it.
Brian D. Gamble - Simmons & Co. International: And John, do you want to throw an approximate AFP on that 10,000 foot?
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: This is Joe. I'd probably run it somewhere in the $11 million to $12 million range.
Brian D. Gamble - Simmons & Co. International: Great, Joe. It's very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joe D. Allman - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Thanks, operator. Hi, everybody.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Joe.
Joe D. Allman - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Hi, Tom, I know, we're just trying to figure out what you guys are going to do next week or next month. But can you just help us think about 2016 in terms of  I know you're not going to give your budget, you don't have one but just give us kind of the guidelines and the parameters given that as of right now you're going to be running six rigs, would you expect to see production decline in 2016, given the status quo? You mentioned you expect to have cash on hand, would you expect to have cash on hand at the end of 2015 close to the level at the end of 2014? And anything in particular to consider about 2016 from an operations perspective?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me take the last question first. No, we're going to  the cash on hand issue  we currently model somewhat less than $100 million cash on hand at the end of this year. And as I said, we don't see any virtue in keeping cash on our balance sheet. So, I would not anticipate that we have cash on hand at the end of 2015 that would be comparable to 2014. Now as we look into 2016, we are looking at plans for when will be the appropriate time to accelerate and after that balance sheet is formed, and we've said that for years and we mean it. So we're willing to tap that balance sheet as long as our investment returns are excellent, and as we've always said they can stand that downside test. So, you know Joe, the issue is accelerating in 2016, is what's the downside test? In October, when oil was $75, we pulled our group together, and said, look, let's run a new flat case on oil of $50. And at the time, we thought, well, that's just ridiculous, and we blew right through the bottom of that. So, before we would make a decision to accelerate, we would want to have confidence in knowing what our downside case was because we wouldn't want to borrow and wake up and find that our credit statistics are well outside the balance of what we're comfortable with. So, we have not abrogated growth in 2016 under any way, shape or form. We think we have the assets demanded and the balance sheet that supports it. But as you started out your question, we are taking this in kind of day-by-day right now.
Joe D. Allman - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Okay. It sounds  that's helpful. And then a different question maybe it's for Joe or for John. You guys talked about 4Q, 2014 to 4Q, 2015 flat-to-down slightly. Could you just give us a break out by product, oil  how do you see oil over the same timeframe and that gas and NGLs?
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: Mark, you want to add.
G. Mark Burford - VP-Capital Markets & Planning: Yeah Joe. Yeah I'll take that. This is Mark Burford. We look at our production mix and the combination or components or commodities, Joe. We see it fairly stable oil, gas, NGL mix. In the fourth quarter, we averaged 49% gas, 27% oil and 23% NGLs and look out into 2015 it might be a percent of variability in oil, as Joe mentioned the front-end loaded nature of the Permian and then the second nature of the Beacon (42:24) into the fourth quarter for our average 2015, oil breakdown is still about 48% gas and oil 29% and 22% NGL. So very similar mixture of oil, gas, NGLs going into 2015 with some variability quarter-to-quarter depending on the ramping of the Permian in the first half of the year and ramping in the second half of Mid-Continent.
Joe D. Allman - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Okay. I think it's helpful. I'll work with that and contact to you guys offline, but just one final question with the new completion designs, are you increasingly confident that not only are you increasing production, but you are actually increasing reserves per well?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. I think we are gaining confidence with every months of more production day that we have from those wells yes, so they clearly are getting  they're giving book at a higher EUR. And so now, we don't think this is in anyway just acceleration. I would also point out though that, we are really-really focused way to return. And so way to return in some ways is really driven by those first three months of production and clearly these wells are generating much higher production rates than what the over spot fracs were doing.
Joe D. Allman - J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: All right. All very helpful. Thank you guys.
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: This is Joe Albi. I wanted to clarify some to the previous question on the two-mile Meramec. Our current AFEs are probably closer to range of $10 million to $11million rather than $11 million to $12 million.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Matt Portillo with TPH [Tudor, Pickering, Holt]
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Good morning, all.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just one quick clarification on the cash comment. You mentioned that you could be down to $100 million in cash by the end of 2015 and I was just curious, under that scenario and kind of the $900 million capital program, what commodity deck would you be assuming to kind of generate that sort of cash draw down?
G. Mark Burford - VP-Capital Markets & Planning: Yeah, hi Matt. This is Mark. Yeah. We have run (44:33) primarily measure when we look at our cash flow projections in that one that we're looking at more recently was Friday the 13 strip price that we most recently ran into that, that's about $56 oil, about $3 gas  and into that strip environment, and strip price, that price environment we were looking at just a little south of $100 million in cash exceeding the year at the $900 million capital plan.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, perfect. And then I guess just a follow-up question in regards to the activity levels. I believe the majority of the rigs here are under contract right now or are currently running in the Cana. As you guys wrap up your operated drilling program in the first half of the year, how should we think about kind of rig allocation between the Cana and the Permian into the back half of 2015?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John Lambuth. Essentially, by the time we hit June  May, June, we will be at the six rigs. Three of them will be operating in Mid-Continent and three of them will be in the Permian region.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you. And then, my final question just is in regards to your 2015 plans in the Wolfcamp in Culberson County. You guys highlighted you're focusing in the Wolfcamp A and D, and I assume the D is because of the strong well results you've seen so far and the ability to hold the depths in the A, given the higher oil cut, could you talk a little bit about the Wolfcamp C wells, you've seen to-date and how does that compares on a rate of return basis or how that fits into your program in the medium term?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, this is John again. Well, clearly right now, both the D bench and the area are generating the best returns for us in that particular acreage block in Culberson. Our C results are not as strong, as they are in the D and the A. We still need to do some work on the C to try to get it to a level that it would justify further expenditure for us. Now, again, you made a good point there. By drilling our D wells, we don't sacrifice those opportunities in the future. And indeed as we keep working at it, we see may at some point raise its level from a rate of return standpoint that we'll want to go and capture it. But right now, today, based on our results, it's the D and the A that clearly shine best in that region.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I might add to that, this is Tom. Well, we're going to full resource development. There is a pretty good chance, we're going to exploit all three of those benches and not leave those reserves stranded. So we've a lot of work to do and plan for that. We're not for  if it's a-la-carte the A and D are certainly sharing the day for this  it's full payable service. We're going to probably develop that C simultaneously.
Matthew Merrel Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Ipsit Mohanty with GMP Securities.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities LLC: Yeah, hi. Good morning, guys. My first question is on Meramec. You showed a variation in oil cut across up dip and down dip and not to know  knowing you guys don't throw out a curve without adequate confidence in the play. How does your program look like in 2015? Are you going to focus on up dip, and have you held what is needed to be held by production? Any more color that you can provide?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, this is John. Let me first say on the acreage side of things. Of our upside acreage, almost 85% of it is already HBP. And so we really don't have much of the lease exploration issue at all for the Meramec for us, and what little we have will be easily satisfied with the wells we have planned both this year and the coming years. So that's not of a concern to us. In times, what are we targeting? We are still trying to fill our way across this fast position as to where are the best returns. Clearly, some of those up dip wells are outstanding wells. But I will also tell you some of the down dip wells have some phenomenal gas rates associated with them, and still generate very nice returns even for 5,000 foot lateral. So right now as far as 2015 goes, we are not going one area using other we are again trying to expand the opportunity set with our delineation wells. And then we'll see as we go further long. But again, right now, the returns look good whether on one side of that mine or the other right now.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I just wanted to add. This is Tom. It's the wrong viewpoint only to look at commodity mix, when you look at the Meramec. A very very significant over (49:13) is pressure. And as in so many place up dip to down dip, you go from essentially normally pressure to overpressure. And we think we really like our position in aggregate and we've got a lot of energy in that reservoir, we're over pressured, where we have our acreage. And I'm not sure if the map was all clean and we're releasing today, we're not clear (49:38) for our acreage exactly where it is.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities LLC: Okay. And then just looking at the first quarter, is it going to be very frontend  frontloaded with completions? Are you going to exhaust your entire backlog coming from 2014? And my related question would be, would you run if you keep your rigs as is, would you run a risk of not having kind of any headroom or any kind of backlog going into 2016?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John, with our rigs moving from the Permian and to the Mid-Continent, we're obviously going to finish up all the completions that we have in the Permian. So as far as future wells are concerned, we've got a number of them permitted and queued up and ready to go. So it's just a matter of drilling on them and then getting them fracked and back on the frac schedule. If I understood your question...
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think the only comment I'd add is that, are waiting on completion well (50:35) against the derivative of, I don't know, which are running and assist (50:41) the client from completing drilling the well and completing it, that's what the backlog as of the year-end represented albeit we're low (50:47) on our rig counts, that backlog will decrease until this represent what (50:51) that rig finishes drilling?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: So certainly, by the way, we're looking at it from a capital expenditure standpoint. We don't say drilling or completing, we just say dollar spent. And that carryover evolves from 2014 and 2015 as capital associated with them, that we incorporated and we're fine and that's completion capital.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities LLC: Got you. And with predominantly, you're moving into longer laterals, extended laterals. I was just curious if you've got the operational risks that are generally associated with during such laterals if you got it into science now, looks like you're. But if you can talk about how well you understand the risks involved in drilling such laterals, especially when you are in a capital constrained environment?
Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Director & EVP: This is Joe. Knock on what we are gaining that that efficiency in our operations and find very, very comfortable drilling two-mile laterals whether it's in Cana in the Woodford or the Meramec or in the Wolfcamp.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Thanks. Good morning. I guess first of mine is on the Cana program, correct me if I'm wrong, I think in the past call or early last fall or late last summer, you'd initially talked about I think a full 10 section development as a part of that infill program versus like seven now. Is it right, number one, I want to guess is that right? And then number two is, is it right to think about that as your just  you'll still be developing that full 10 section row, but it will just take longer and so that program that really then just bleeds into 2016 and provides a nice tailwind as you move into the 2015 period?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John and you're absolutely correct. Again that as we're planning for this well development, given our commodity prices, we have fully expected to do 10 sections led to development. Commodity prices have changed. And so right now, a number of the sections we find right now not to be of a sufficient return that we want to make the investment today. Those sections don't go away, they're always BT (53:19). So, we have made the election to only develop seven of those for now and just essentially save the other three for another day when commodity prices justify making an investment then.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay. So, it sounds like maybe it's more about the economic sensitivity of the unit as oppose to just overall decision to slow the pace of the development of...
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, it was a little of both. I mean the wells that we've decided not to drill this year are down the drier gas portion, but they still generate reasonable returns. And depending on our results with the infill project, we've discussed as recently as this morning that we could add additional development sections on to that development this year. And so, that certainly I would say this, an additional extension of that development program is among our options that are active that we wanted to up our capital slightly this year.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: And I'll call off with that. Tom's absolutely right and that couple of those sections are queued up permitted ready to go and we have that optionality. And so, don't be surprised if indeed we add on from seven. We will  Mark, obviously make that decision as we monitor the commodity prices, as well as our capital and what we want to do.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay, great. That's helpful. And maybe it's a little too granular, but is it fair to say that that's the low point from a quarterly perspective this year would be second quarter. Is that the right way to think about it?
G. Mark Burford - VP-Capital Markets & Planning: Actually Michael, this is Mark again. This is actually our third quarter will likely be our low point for the year, but (55:05) activity in Permian in the first quarter and second quarters as it'll be growing, it's going to be pretty flat and in the third quarter it'd be  it looks like our low quarter.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well I think (55:14).
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Ish, we'll put a big ish after it.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: All right.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay. And then last one's on mine, I think on the Meramec good update there. I guess any way you provide a range of the DOE or MMTSE (55:37) flow rates across those fits, I'm just trying to get a sense for like you said there is maybe quite a bit of dry gas rate associated with those down dip wells. I'm just trying to better understand how the distribution looks around that average?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean for now we've elected to give you the average rate for those wells. I'll just put it this way, there is still a lot of drilling to do and there is also quite frankly some leasing to do. So as much as we're very proud of these results. There is still a lot to be done here. So I think what we've given you is I think is a good snapshot of the kind of results we're having right now.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay. Great. And then...
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: (56:28) in that average. These are really good wells.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay. On the economic comparison you put on slide 20. Is that well I assume that's the averages of the hydrocarbon mixed in average well or is that...?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. That's just not taking a generic type curve for both ways. And giving you an idea of what those returns are like. But clearly, depending upon where you are those numbers can swing quite a bit one way or the other but that's just the generic type curve the book plays (57:01).
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Great. It's all very helpful color. I appreciate it.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Irene Haas with Wunderlich Securities.
Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: Yes. My question, and going back from there, Meramec has turned around to understand (57:22) it's still delineating. So far, the wells have been  they have been really good. So, should we think of this spread as having very low exploration risk, and really what I'm after is, how continuous is this interval, or how heterogeneous the play really is and so how many more wells would you need to truly understand the reservoir architecture?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, I'll try to answer that first. This is John. We did talk about on an acreage position that we consider to be delineated, meaning that from those wells, we feel very good about going forward from an investment decision. I will tell you and again, Tom mentioned this, we've been very pleased that along those wells that formed that average  as Tom said, there's not a dog among them. And so, that does, in some way, speak to the lateral consistency of results that we're getting across that position. And then, so that's encouraging, very encouraging to us. But we're only technically seven wells into it. So hang on, let us get more wells drilled. But so far, I would say, we're very encouraged again for that immediate variable, we drilled our wells to the consistency we've seen from the production of those wells.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Irene, this is Tom. I mean, we're in the business of being romanced by upside and the Meramec offers tremendous romance. And one of the things that we don't know and I really want to be clear, we don't know  we don't know what the spacing will be. But we also don't know if there will be multiple zones. I mean the Meramec is a fixed section. And there are some of our competitors out there testing stack laterals and as we look at that section and we have indeed varied our own landing zone, as we drill these wells, we will be testing that there could be multiple zones in the Meramec, possibly a couple of layers to this. So, we just don't know. And John's point is really the right one that with just six wells or seven wells an area this large, we have a lot of work to do before we can really get too granular with it on what this asset can deliver. So, I think, very encouraging so far.
Irene Oiyin Haas - Wunderlich Securities, Inc.: It's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the last question today comes from Cameron Horwitz with U.S. Capital Advisors.
Cameron J. Horwitz - USCA Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Hi, Cameron.
Cameron J. Horwitz - USCA Securities LLC: Hey Tom, you referenced in deal flow early in the call. I was hoping you could just talk about what you're seeing out  out there from that perspective. I guess asset quality wise, if you've seen any reconciliation of some of the wide bid/ask spread that we've heard so much about? And also maybe just the competitive landscape? And how that's maybe changing here over the last few months, seems like there's been quite a bit of an influx of private capital competing, looking to take advantage of some of the same opportunities that you all are, so hoping you could just give us some color there?
Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'd be happy to and none of what I'm about to say is news to you. There's a lot of capital in our sector in chasing opportunities, and there's a lot of private equity money on the hunt. Now there are some assets for sale and they're good assets, but there is still that bid/ask spread. I think that there's still a sellers' intent to try to find last year's work if you will, I mean, I think  I think asset prices have to rationalize around current commodity over look and we haven't seen that yet. There is also corporate opportunities that get whispered to us from time-to-time, we've looked at a couple of them and wouldn't surprise you to hear that some of these companies have a lot more debt than we do and when we do a pro forma, we're  you got to just love the asset in order to take on that burden. And it's  as I said the outset, our hurdle is high, but  I think a lot of these management teams out there are going to try weather through this to the extent they can, it's just going to be a function of how brutal does this get and how sustainable it will be. As I said in my opening remarks, we're not waiting around for a recovery, I mean at Cimarex we've got assets that can work in this environment and we're getting our cost structure, so that we can move forward and not looking back. And I think there is going to be have to be more sellers with that viewpoint before there's going to be pricing that makes sense.
Cameron J. Horwitz - USCA Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for the color on that Tom. And then can you just talk about how Ward County kind of fits into the strategic picture, I think you talked about that somewhat falling down in terms of the (62:16) on the Wolfcamp and just some of the challenges there some of the water and stuff. Can you talk about and how you think about Ward County is that they're better potential monetization candidate for you or is that just kind of wait and see how things evolve. How are you tracking that in obviously a much more constrained environment?
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. It is clear to us that Ward County currently based on our drilling results doesn't compete versus Reeves or Culberson and that was even true at a much higher oil environment and there are challenges in Ward County that we've yet really been able to overcome with our drilling program. That said, we don't have a lot of exposure this year. I think at last we're looking at about 3,000 acres of explorations in 2015. And so and as much as we're not going to be actively drilling there. We will certainly be monitoring other companies who have assets around us who will be drilling, and pay careful attention on what they do. But I'll just say as of right now, we have no plans to do any drilling this year for Ward County.
G. Mark Burford - VP-Capital Markets & Planning: And we haven't really explored monetizing it. I think our  always our first preference is to figure it out, and Joe and John's right we're going to be starting it, and watch our competition carefully.
Cameron J. Horwitz - USCA Securities LLC: Thanks, Brian.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Cameron, (63:44), once the Culberson County is going to work and now it's out there in our portfolio.
Cameron J. Horwitz - USCA Securities LLC: Sure. I appreciate all the color. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, I would like to turn the call back over to management for any closing comments.
Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations: I don't think we have any comments, just thanks for participating, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. And the conference is now concluded, and you may all disconnect your phone lines. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Burford - Director of Capital Markets Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John A. Lambuth - Vice President of Exploration Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brian D. Gamble - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Jason Smith - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities L.P., Research Division Daniel D. Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Cimarex Energy Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Burford, Vice President of Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Burford: Thank you very much, Andrew. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. Speaking today will be Tom Jorden, President and CEO; Joe Albi, EVP and COO; John Lambuth, Vice President of Exploration; and also in Denver, we have Paul Korus, our CFO; and Karen Acierno, our Director of Investor Relations. We did issue our financial operating results, it was released yesterday after market closed. A copy of which can be found on our website. We also posted on our latest investor presentation, which may make some references today on today's call. I need to remind you that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K and other filings and news releases for the risk factors associated with our business. We have a lot to cover today, so I'll go ahead and get the call turn over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden: Thank you, Mark, and thanks to all of you for participating in today's conference. We appreciate your interest in Cimarex. A lot has happened since our second quarter call in August, and I'd like to take a few minutes upfront to touch on some of the highlights before turning it over to John and Joe for more detailed update. Well, despite the impacts with severe weather on the Delaware Basin, which had a significant impact on our third quarter, Cimarex produced a record 942 million cubic feet equivalent per day, which was at the high end of our guidance. And this was a testament to the extraordinary efforts made by our field personnel to safely restore our operations and to a continued strong result in the Mid-Continent region. We had a real mess in our hands with this weather in the Delaware Basin, and I really do want to credit our field personnel for getting after it, performing operations safely and getting our production restored in a clean, environmental way. When it comes to the Mid-Continent, the Permian, our technical teams have really refocused their efforts to improve the way we complete our wells. In the Cana-Woodford, this is having not only a strong impact in our production, but it's also extending and completely redefining the boundaries of that play. We've got an opportunity set and return profile that really puts us in a nice position, and John will give you some more updates on that. In the Mid-Continent, we drilled 6 additional Merrimack wells and have completed our initial mapping in Merrimack opportunity. And today, we can tell you that we think we have approximately 70,000 net acres in that fairway, of which 60,000 are held by production. So a really, really nice layer of opportunity added to our assets. In the Delaware Basin, initial results are in our first downspacing pilot in the Wolfcamp A in the Reeves County. This was a 4-well, 80-acre pilot situated in an area that's ripe with opportunity to drill long laterals. We are very pleased with those results, and I'll leave it to John to go over further details. As we look to the future, however, the opportunity to drill long laterals, 10,000-foot laterals, in the Reeves County, opportunity is really significant to us. By far the biggest change since August has been a precipitous drop in oil prices. And as you all know, our near month WTI pricing in August was 96 -- $92 on our call August 6. This morning, the 12 months strip is trading around $77, so that's redrawn the landscape as we look ahead. But I want to take just a minute here and talk about where Cimarex sits in the midst of this very rapidly changing landscape. As we look 2014 in hindsight, some of the things that we did in 2014 have put us in a very, very strong position. First off, we got our bond offering this spring. We placed $750 million, that's 4.375%. We were able to retire all of our bank debt and prepay our Mid-Continent acquisition. The Mid-Continent asset purchase we announced earlier this year, in hindsight, looks really, really strong to us and is generating some opportunities to have outstanding returns in this price environment, and John will talk about that. And then the third thing we did this year is we got off some property sales that brought in almost $460 million cash. And as we sit today, we have an extremely strong asset mix. We have good flexibility with our commodity, and we are on pace to end the year with almost $400 million cash on hand. So as we look at this changing environment, Cimarex is sitting exactly where we want to be by design. I know we're going to get a lot of questions about 2015 CapEx, so I'm going to have [ph] those right upfront. And one thing I'll say is we're going to probably disappoint a lot of you if we're looking for a very refined guidance. We're sailing in to a fog here. There's a lot of things changing. And one thing we can tell you is we don't see a lot of virtue [ph] in giving a lot of guidance in this rapidly changing environment. We are in a very nice position to have the kind of flexibility that we talked about and that we cherish. But we'll tell you as we look into 2015, how we're looking at it. There's 3 critical elements that really prioritize our viewpoint of 2015. First is what's the robustness of our investment opportunity. In this commodity environment, do we have things that we want to invest in? And to that, I could say absolutely. As we look at the quality of our portfolio, and we want our commodity price down even as low as $60 NYMEX oil and $3 NYMEX gas and hold flat, we have an extremely robust investment opportunity. If we chose to keep our CapEx at a level roughly where it is today, we have plenty to do at that stress test. Second is what our cash flow going to be and how do we want to preserve our balance sheet? We're still going to have good cash flow in 2015 at these current prices, and we have plenty of balance sheet flexibility. The third that we'll prioritize how we look at 2015 is the overall market psychology. How deep do we think this trough is going to be and what are other players going to do? Because right now, as we look at what's changed over the last couple of months, we see a decreasing commodity price and yet service costs are still relatively high. And so how we look at 2015 is going to be a function of our opinion of how deep is this trough, and do we think we'll see this service cost reset? So we don't have any answers for you, but I will say we're in a very nice position to be flexible there and adapt as we go. We also don't have a lot of long-term contracts. As we go into 2015, we'll only have 6 rigs under long-term contract and that gives us a lot of flexibility. So we're not hanging our hands in Cimarex. We're built for this. This is -- these are times that our balance sheet and our capital discipline have really taught us, allow us to seize our opportunities. So we're going to have plenty to do next year, and we'll be -- I'm certainly -- I'm certain, we'll be entertaining a lot of questions on that. With that, I'll turn it over to John and Joe to discuss details of our progress, and we do look forward to your questions.
John A. Lambuth: Thanks, Tom. I'd like to quickly cover some of the highlights of our overall program before getting into the Permian region. I'll then finish with our Mid-Continent region and some results in Cana. Cimarex drilled and completed 66 gross, 36 net wells during the quarter investing $460 million. 74% was invested in Permian region, and the rest of it toward activities in the Mid-Continent region. Of those 66 gross wells, 36 gross or 27 net were in the Permian region, where we continue to be focused on the Wolfcamp, Bone Spring, and the Avalon formations in the Delaware Basin. Bone Spring activity in the second quarter included 12 net wells into Mexico and Texas. We continue to have some of the best -- our best results in the Culberson/White City area, which is located in southern Eddy County New Mexico and Northern Culberson County, Texas. This geographic area is defined by a fixed hand section that produces more gas in a historical Bone Spring production. We have tested upsize fracs with good results and thus, our drilling program in these areas now incorporates a larger 15 stage frac design. Cimarex has completed 29 wells in the Culberson/White City area in 2014. Of those, 12 wells have been completed with this new 12 stage frac design, and have a 30-day average IP of approximately 1,150 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 65% or 744 barrels per day is oil. About half of our 2014 Permian drilling program, or $650 million, will go towards further delineation of our significant Wolfcamp opportunity in the Delaware Basin. This number is down some of our $35 million from our previous estimates due to weather-related delays and our completion program. The $650 million does include downspacing pilots, wells drilled to hold acreage, testing the long laterals and delineation wells designed to help us understand this vast resource. Our Wolfcamp acreage position now stands at 235,000 net acres. We recently completed a well in Ward County, Texas that is producing from the Wolfcamp B, C zone, bring in the total distinct producing Wolfcamp zones to 7 across the entirety of our acreage. We continue to test long laterals. Since our last call, 4 additional long laterals have begun producing, bringing the total to 15. Unfortunately, we do not have any 30-day IPs on any of the wells as the heavy rains in the Delaware Basin delayed first production on some wells and the completion of others. I will refer you though to Pages 14 and 15 in our presentation, which provides updated information on the Culberson County long lateral performance to date and economic sensitivities to various realized oil prices. Lastly in the Delaware Basin, I'd like to give you an update on the status of the spacing pilots we currently have underway. We are now producing from our third spacing pilot an 80-acre downspacing pilot in Reeves County, Texas. The 4 well in this Wolfcamp A pilot had an average 30-day IP of 1,029 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 49% was oil. However, the Cleveland pilot, these wells are located what Cimarex refers to as the Grisham area. The location of this pilot can be seen on page 17 of our presentation. These wells were completed with an upsized frac and compared quite favorably to our predrill expectations. The Cleveland pilot is located in an area that is ideal for long laterals, and we are, in fact, completing a long lateral directly offsetting this pilot right now. We expect this new long lateral well to have an initial production uplift of about 1.7x the Cleveland wells with reserves to come in almost double. This area definitely leads itself to long laterals, and we expect top-tier returns in 4 of those wells. Our fourth pilot in 2014 is a stacked and staggered pilot in Wolfcamp A in Reeves County, which will test our downspacing and the viability of landing more than one lateral in the fifth Wolfcamp A section. Those wells are literally coming on, as we speak right now. Now on for the Mid-Continent. We are pleased to report that our ongoing efforts to introduce upsized completions in our Cana program continues to provide good results. In addition to applying the larger frac to development wells, we are also testing the concept on acreage outside the 4 development area, except outside the core area means additional acreage and locations available for development. We are pleased with the results we've had so far. We have drilled and completed a delineation well we called the Glenda 1-23H, which is located west of our Cana core area and Blank County, Oklahoma. The well was drilled to test the dryer portion of the field and achieved a peak 30-day average IP of 12.4 million cubic feet equivalent per day, of which 69% was gas, 27% NGL and 4% oil. I will point out that, that result, and in terms of that IP, is about 2.5x greater than the average IP of the older existing current wells around it. Again, a nice outcome given the application of our new frac design. I can also report that the heart section, another Cimarex-operated development section completed using upsized frac has achieved a strong result as well, with those 8 development wells having an average 30-day peak IP of 9.7 million cubic feet equivalent per day. This compares very favorably to our previously talked about Golden Section, which had a 10.1 million cubic feet equivalent per day average. We are gearing up for the development of a 10 section well in the heart of the Cana core area. Cimarex has begun drilling on 2 of these sections, and we anticipate operating as many as 7 rigs at the peak of our drilling activity on this row. Cimarex currently has approximately 128,000 acres identified as available for Woodford drilling, of which 110,000 are held by production. And then finally, as Tom mentioned, we are now in various stages of drilling and competing 6 additional Merrimack wells since mentioning our first well on our last conference call. Our mapping of this interval, as Tom indicated to you, suggests that we have about 70,000 net acreage perspective for the Merrimack, of which 60,000 is held by production. Plans going forward are to continue to delineate this drilling -- delineation drilling of this potential resource. With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph R. Albi: Well, thank you, John, and thank you, all of you, for joining our call today. I'll touch on the usual items, our third quarter production, our fourth quarter and full year production outlook, and then I'll follow-up with a few comments on where we see operating and service cost. Starting with production. We had another great quarter for production, despite shut-ins of approximately 15 million to 20 million a day for the quarter, as a result of September's severe weather and flooding in the Permian. Our third quarter production came in at 942.4 million a day that put us at the upper end of our projected guidance, which was 920 million to 945 million. It also set a new record for us at the total company production level. I want to echo a few words right behind Tom with regard to the storms and the severe weather that we saw in September. We are extremely proud of the manner in which our operations teams responded to the rains and flooding that we had in the Permian. The severe flooding impacted the majority of our Triple Crown, our Reeves and our Ward County drilling completion and production operations over a fairly lengthy period, 2 to 3 weeks. Our teams acted quickly and most importantly, safely, to sustain drilling operations, shut-in production, secure facilities, move oil off of our leases, transfer gas markets to other markets, evacuate field personnel from all the exposed area, just a handful of thanks. And as a result, we saw virtually no damage to our facilities, but we did experience the delays we talked about and that's in reestablishing our drilling completion and production operations in effectiveness across the board. The impact wasn't the locations, so to speak. It was more severe row damage that was associated with the floods, and our teams working alongside county officials and more importantly our peer operating companies. We work hard and work together to regain our location access, and we're able to reestablish our operations here by mid-October. So we're very, very proud of our entire team. Although the storms cut back our production, we saw excellent gains during the quarter. Our total company Q3 volume of 942 million a day, was up a very healthy 104 million a day or 12% from just last quarter and 225 million a day or nearly 1/3 from where we were a year ago in Q3 '13. With our continued success in Cana, we set new records for all product categories in the Mid-Continent during the quarter with our Q3 Mid-Continent equivalent volume coming in at 518 million a day, that's up 22% from last quarter and 53% from Q3 '13. Our Q3 Cana volume of 406 million a day was a record as well. It was up 96 million a day or 31% from Q2 and a very respectable 189 million a day or 87% from Q3 '13, nearly doubling our Q3 '13 average of 217 million a day, both very substantial gains. With the increase, Cana now really carries the heartbeat of Cimarex, makes up 78% of our Mid-Continent production and 43% of our total company production. Despite the storms, we also set new records for all product categories again in the Permian. Our third quarter Permian volume of 408 million a day was up 15 million a day or 4% from Q2 and 56 million a day or 16% from a year ago. So as we look forward into Q4 with our modeling, we've adjusted the model to really account for 3 significant items: Number one, our Q3 property sales, which took approximately 25 million to 30 million a day off our fourth quarter books, but it also added $454 million to our bank account; secondly, the impact of the storms on our existing production was incorporated into the plan; and thirdly, the storm-related completion delays, primarily in the oil-rich Reeves County area, which in aggregate, moved the number of net completions -- a number of them, 16, from Q4 into 2015. The end result was a Q4 guidance range of 930 million to 955 million which, at first glance, appears flat with Q3 when we adjust for the property sales at 25 million to 39 million a day. We continue to shell quarter-to-quarter consecutive growth on a sale adjusted basis. We did this all the while, we were moving a number of our oil-rich completions into 2015. So with that, our full year guidance range comes in at 864 million to 870 million. That's a midpoint that remains virtually unchanged from the midpoint we gave you last quarter, despite the property sales and the impacts of the storm. The only significant departure from our previous guidance is our projection for our 2014 average net oil production, which as a result of our Midland Basin property sale and storm-related production and completion deferrals is now projected to range anywhere from 42,200 to 42,500 barrels a day, and that's down from our previous estimate, but still reflecting a very respectable 16% gain as compared to 2013. Jumping over to OpEx. We continue to keep our LOE in check. Our third quarter lifting cost came in at $1.03 per Mcf. That's down $0.10 from our Q1 and Q2 average of a $1.13 and well below the full year guidance that we issued last call of $1.12 to $1.17. Our guidance speaks really comes as a result of 2 factors: First, our production team's proactive focus on cost control; and secondly, our production growth in the Mid-Continent where we typically see lower per unit cost. All that said, we're still seeing cost pressure and some big items, such as saltwater disposal, rentals and labor to name a few, particularly in the less developed portions of the Permian. And as such, as we look forward with already strong year-to-date numbers on a good number of our liquid-rich Permian wells still projected to come online here in Q4. We've adjusted our full year lifting cost guidance down somewhat to $1.08 to $1.12, and that's down $0.05 from last call. A few words on service costs. As Tom mentioned, here we go again in the cycle, and we've yet to see the market for top drives to get soft, given the recent drop in price, but -- and as such, you can rig availability is still a little bit tight. But despite that, all other drilling component costs seem to remain in check. Where we have seen cost increases, it has been on the completion side. We continue to feel the effects of cost pressure for service and materials in the frac market, primarily for labor and for prop transportation. But the biggest overall cost increases we've seen are direct result of us pumping bigger jobs, more stages, more volume, more prop. And as a result, our completion cost for our major programs are now making up 2/3 to 70% of our total well cost. All that said, our well results continue to tell us if these incremental cost are yielding very favorable benefits. As far as total well costs go, with upsized frac designs now standard in our Cana completions, our current Cana total well costs are falling in the $7.9 million to $8.4 million range. That's up slightly from last quarter and the cost increase is all related to our increase frac design. In the Permian, with us adopting a larger frac design, now in our Bone Spring program, as John mentioned. Our current AFEs for a 4,500-foot second and third New Mexico Bone Spring well are running in the $6.5 million to $7.5 million range. All that is really depending on depth. In our shallower White City and the Culberson second Bone Spring program, our AFEs with the larger fracs are running in the $5.9 million to $6.1 million range, while our current Avalon wells are running in the $7.5 million to $7.8 million range. Lastly, our current AFEs for 4,500-foot lateral Wolfcamp well with the larger frac are in the $8.8 million to $9.3 million, with the 2-mile lateral on the Wolfcamp running to $13 million to $14.2 million. So as we work our way through the drop in oil prices, we're obviously going to be focused on looking at every avenue to optimize and reduce our total well cost. And we need to do it for operating efficiencies, a continued focus on that. And also by utilizing the service providers who are the most willing to compete in this new low price environment. Ultimately, providing us with the best service at the lower -- at the lowest per unit cost. So in closing, Q3 was another great quarter for us, despite property sales, the weather impacts during the quarter. Our strong new well adds, good base property performance, added together put us at the upper end of our Q3 guidance and kept our previous full year guidance projection in place that will leave us in check, and we continue to make strides optimizing our completion design with a direct focus on maximizing our well results. So with that, we're on course for a record year here in 2014 and our current strong momentum into '15. And with that, Andrew, I guess we'll turn the call over to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Drew Venker with Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I was hoping you can talk about the price that you might plan to budget on for 2015 on a philosophical level, whether you would start with a strip as we getting closer to year end or some discount to the strip. I think, particularly, because you're not hedged. So I want to know how you're thinking about pricing.
Thomas E. Jorden: Drew, this is Tom. Our approach there hasn't changed. We'll look at the strip as sort of our base case, but we're also going to look at downside protection, and we're going to run $60 oil and $3 gas and those are NYMEX pricing. So we will subtract from those downside pricing when it takes to get back to the wellhead and that's going to be true on all of the price files that we quote. We always look at wellhead when we see price. And we're going to make sure that we get a reasonable return at that downside case. So yes, the strip will be our first half, but we're going to really try to be disciplined and make sure that we see a $60 oil, $3 gas environment, we don't destroy capital. So that's a little of both, it's a bit of a polarity because we look at the strip. But if you got something that works at the strip but it couldn't stand what we think is a reasonable downsize stress test, we won't fund it.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's really helpful, Tom. And if we can shift to the Permian. It sounds like, for the most part, operations are back on track. Are there lingering impacts from the flooding? Can you talk about, when you think everything will be fully back to normal in the Permian in terms of completions and general operations?
Joseph R. Albi: Yes. This is Joe. We are back on track. We had a little bit of production that was still impacted about a week or so back, but that looks to be cleared up this week in a little bit. I mean, maybe 5 million a day out of what was a fairly significant volume during the flood. So our completion schedule is intact, roads are accessible, and we're back to normal operation.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I guess a follow-up on that. So the run rate of completions will probably be back to a normal pace for a full quarter by 1Q?
John A. Lambuth: Yes. If you look at the numbers, we basically slid 15, 16 net wells into 2015 and had -- ultimately now Q4 has about in the same number of completions that we've modeled last quarter when we gave our guidance and that will carry -- I suspect, that it will carry itself over into January. This is basically new things, 3 to 4 weeks, because you have to reconfigure your whole frac schedule. You have some pilots involved in all this. We had different interest in different wells and the way it plays out on a well basis is a really just cut into the tail end of September and early October, November, where things are really picking up here from this point forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Gamble of Simmons & Company.
Brian D. Gamble - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Tom, you touched on the -- touched what I thought was an impressive plan for the Cana, the 10 lateral section, you mentioned the 7 rig peak obviously I'm sure that dovetails in with your discussion of '15 and successful return at various prices. But any more color there as far as the timing to actually have that available to run the 7 rigs, if you wanted to? And maybe even talk about returns vis--vis the new completions and how that may impact decisions to ramp that activity level up in '15?
John A. Lambuth: This is John. I guess, I'll try to answer that for you. We have a plan in place. I'll send our partner to ramp up our rig activity. As I mentioned, we're already at 2 rigs on it. We envision ourselves being upward of 6 to 7 operated rigs. Likewise, our partner will be bringing in rigs, again, at the beginning of the year. When you go to row development, you really got to get a lot of wells drilled way ahead of you before even bring those frac crews in, as you can imagine, especially with 10 sections. And so there will be a lot of drilling going on before you finally get to the point where those frac crews will start showing up some time, probably in the June time frame. And then finally, about a month or so after that you start seeing the production coming in. So we have a pretty aggressive plan for 10 contiguous sections to go forward. And right now I would just say, based on, as Tom mentioned, our stress testing of those wells with different commodity prices, those 10 sections looks very, very attractive to us. So it's -- to us, in a sense, it's full steam ahead on those 10 sections going forward.
Brian D. Gamble - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. And then on the Merrimack, you mentioned, obviously, the one in the last quarter you got 6 in various stages. How many results are we expecting to get potentially by Q4 results?
John A. Lambuth: We will have quite a number of those wells that we can comment on Q4. We just don't have our typical 30-day peak average to talk about on any 1 well. But of those 6, 3 are currently flowing back -- actually 4 are flowing back, 1 ready to frac and 1 is just about done drilling in terms of its lateral. So theoretically, yes, we will probably have more information to talk about those going forward on the next call.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. This is Tom. We stick to our discipline on that. We really would like to have 30 days of peak production before we discuss wells publicly. And that's just because that's a number that's meaningful to us and our technical teams. And so we actually -- we are close on a well, but we decided now we're going to hold off and make sure that we're consistent with the information and results we communicate.
Brian D. Gamble - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: And Tom, one last one kind of a micro thing. As far as your discussions with other operators and there was some discussion of cost pressures on the completion side, but the rest of your '15 budget came here dependent on kind of how realistic we'll call it, people are with their cost expectations. Have you started having those sorts of conversations? And if so, any color you can lend us to help other people that are looking at '15?
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I -- and I think you all on the call probably know more than we do because you have one-on-one significant engagement conversations with these companies. But I'll say this, we're looking at the landscape of companies that have been greatly outspending cash flow incurring nothing debt to do so, and I said there were 3 elements: One is investment -- the robustness of our investment portfolio; 2, cash flow and balance sheet; and third is market psychology. I think we're curious as to who's going to blink out there. I mean, how deep is this trough, how low could prices go, and there are people wanting to be continuing to incur narrowing debt in order to fund their program. And it's going to take the market laying some rigs down to see service cost reset. Service cost aren't going to respond to the oil and gas price, they're going to respond to demand for services. So -- and I know I'm not answering your question, but we're watching that carefully. And that something that will color our thinking as to how much we want to get aggressive in 2015.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes. And this is Joe, I'll add a little flavor to that. Our operations teams have been in contact with our major service providers over the last 2 to 3 weeks. And they -- the providers are fully aware of the fact that should economics dictate us laying out rigs, we're going to align ourselves up with those that react the quickest and compete in -- this is not a new cycle, we've been here before. Market share will be important to those companies, and we'll align ourselves up with the people who want to react first.
Operator: The next question comes from Cameron Horwitz of U.S. Capital Advisors.
Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Quick question in the Cana. I know it's a fluid number, but can you give us your best guess for what you think the Cana inventory looks like based on the step-out work that you've done so far to date?
John A. Lambuth: This is John. Well, that's a great question, and I wish I had a number for you right now as I sit here. We still are drilling additional what I'll call re-delineation wells throughout the play. So with each new well, like the one I just announced, it just continues to grow. I'll be honest. It's -- it looks pretty promising for us in terms of that acreage number that I quoted in terms of the total amount of net acreage we have on those perspective. And yes, we still have more wells that we are going to be drilling and testing that will certainly define that. I'll say this much, the Glenda result certainly has given us some encouragement to push that road development further to the west and what we normally would've done. And so again, that got us to the 10 sections we're at right now. And with each new well, yes, we're more and more encouraged with what we see there, with the acreage we currently have. But I don't have a number I could just lay in front of you, like number of locations right now today.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. This is Tom, Cameron. Just to echo what John said. We're -- re-delineation is a great way to characterize it. We have been continuously surprised and impressed with how this new completion is taking areas that we would have looked at and said it's marginal, maybe submarginal and all of a sudden, it looks really, really robust, and that Glenda is a case in point. And we have lots of areas in the field that we still need to test. Thus far, we're wholly encouraged. I mean, it's just redefining the investment landscape for Cana. So we are really, really optimistic. But we don't have a number for you.
Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Okay, I guess what goes hand-in-hand with that, can you just remind us where you stand on what you all were thinking about spacing and maybe how that's evolving?
John A. Lambuth: I'm sorry, rephrase -- say the question again? I didn't quite hear you.
Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Just in terms of the unilateral spacing out there in the Cana, which you all are testing at this point.
John A. Lambuth: Yes. I mean, our typical development peers is 8 new wells in addition to the current well, which will be 9 wells per section. But I can tell you this, that because of these well results and just the metrics we look at in this new well development we're going to that I mentioned, we are going to go to some tighter spacing on subsection. In some cases, upwards of 11 wells on a section.
Thomas E. Jorden: 11 new wells.
John A. Lambuth: 11 new wells in addition to the parent. And that's just a reflection of the great resource in place we have there. When we truly look at the thickness of that shale, look at the resource and again, we do the different measurements we make, yes, we ask ourselves why not? Why wouldn't it support 11 wells with this frac design? And that, in fact, is what we're going to do on at least 1 section and it will vary by section by section dictated by that resource in place per section.
Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. I appreciate that color. Just going back to types of Permian. On the Cleveland pilot, is the -- I guess, is the conclusion there that you think optimal development Reeves will be on 80-acre spacing, or is it still too early to tell?
John A. Lambuth: I think the easy answer is too early to tell. I'll simply say this. If we take that result and then take our expectations for a 10,000-foot lateral, which as I mentioned, we're completing one right now, those economics look pretty robust to us in terms if you were to go forward with an 8 well. But in no way does that mean that we know that's the right answer. There'll be more pilots in that area. But suffice to say, we're very encouraged with the results of that pilot and what that means for us going forward with that acreage block we have there.
Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just last for me just so I'm clear. In terms of the oil trajectory out of the Permian. If you took the noise out from the completion slippage and the shut-ins, do you all -- would you have cleared that 40,000 barrels a day that you all had talked about in Q1 and the Q4 period?
Mark Burford: Well, you can start counting to 40,000 barrels per day, and this is Mark. In the Permian, Cameron, what are you referring to?
Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors LLC, Research Division: Yes in the Permian, I think in Q1, you had put out a 40,000-barrel a day number for Q4. I'm just trying to understand. Taking the noise out, where you on that trajectory?
Mark Burford: Yes. I mean, Cameron, taking the noise are meaningful, trying to put back the wells when they would have been completed when we thought they would be completed, plus take the storm downtime out. Yes, that's it. It would be on that trajectory. But we have 2 moving pieces there, we both had wells on production that didn't produce, like we thought they would because of storm down fund. Hopefully, shifting about 15 wells from this period to next. So if you put everything back, we had a construction which we could achieve, or x the storm I think we would have hit those numbers.
Thomas E. Jorden: Property sales that....
Mark Burford: Same property sales are on top, which we didn't have to opt into the number. Now whatever is -- the minimum base in Wolfcamp which we did sell, it was about 1,500 barrels a day in the fourth quarter that we didn't sell so. That we had to open into our numbers. There was no element in our numbers that we removed out post of sale.
John A. Lambuth: That's a big piece of it.
Operator: The next question comes from Joseph Allman of JPMorgan.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Tom, it sounds as if you already are in the process of ramping up, especially in the Cana. And so, is that correct that just in terms of planning and getting ready to add additional rigs, you're already there? Or are you are you already in the -- or are you tapping the brakes already to sort of waiting and seeing how this oil market plays out? And if...
Thomas E. Jorden: Well -- go ahead.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, go ahead, Tom, I'll follow-up later.
Thomas E. Jorden: No. That's -- you're absolutely right. We have committed to do this additional development row in Cana, and we're bringing some rigs in to prosecute that and that's steady as she goes. We think that project really can stand tall in this commodity-priced environment. Not only standing alone, but compares favorably our investment landscape. Additional delineation we're doing in the Merrimack, we think is really something that we want to continue to do. And then as we look at the Permian, we look at Culberson County and the joint development agreement we have when we look at really that whole fairway that's in our corporate update. So we kind of think of Culberson County and then up to that White City block in Eddy County as one geologic province. We're going to do as much of that as we can with long laterals where we can. Those stand tall. And then the rest of it is a jump ball. I mean, quite -- everything else, either in the Mid-Continent Permian, is up for discussion. Now I will say that I think you're going to see a higher percentage of our capital be going to the Anadarko Basin next year than this year. This year with 75% Permian. You'll probably see a little higher percentage in Anadarko. A little higher, I don't think it will be half, but we're working our way through it. I mean, the good news is we're really testing this on a rate-of-return metric. We're not testing it on what our preferred commodity type is. We're looking at which of our opportunities have the robustness to the downside of commodity, and we have lots and lots to do.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. Tom, and just a follow-up on that, so how much are you willing to outspend cash flow in 2015? And what metrics would you be looking at to judge a comfort level with outspend?
Thomas E. Jorden: That's -- Joe, I can't answer that today. I mean it's that -- I said there are 3 elements, the third is market psychology and that's the most touchy-feeling of all 3. I can drill a lot into that. And then we want to see where do we think this oil price is heading? Where do we think service costs are heading? What do we think will be the duration and depth of this correction, if you will? And make that -- we'll have to make that decision today, and there will be -- it will be really clueless to do that today and talk about it. There's one thing to talk about cash flow next year. We also are going to exit the year with a lot of cash on hand. I mean, we think we're up, really cash flow plus about $400 million cash on hand. So that's all available to us before we have to borrow $0.01 next year. So there -- we have a lot of flexibility.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. Tom, and just an operations question. So in terms of the completion designs and the changes you're making, what can we look forward to as some of the kind of most interesting things you're trying and where, in particular?
John A. Lambuth: Well, this is John. Well, I was allowed to say this much. In as much as we really, really like the type of returns and the performance we're seeing sales, those Cana wells, likewise, what we're seeing now is the Bone Spring wells, I mentioned. We have a lot around here where we're not satisfied. And yes, we are constantly challenging ourselves how could -- what could we do better with the completion design. And so there are more things that we're going to test whether it's stages, whether it's the maker of the proppant, but I'm not going to sit here and just tell you what our recipe is to that degree. I'll say that we're not satisfied always we were at and always want to try to push that envelopes to make sure could we get more out of that lock and that's pretty much our go forward model in a sense -- in exploration right now.
Thomas E. Jorden: This is Tom. We have a lot of mysteries in our stimulations here today, a lot of technical challenges and that's a good thing. There's a lot of upside. Now do we have our upside equal to what we've seen? Obviously, we've taken bold steps. We don't know. But I will say this, if I were to tell you that we understood every element of this, that would be dampening, because I would say that we don't have additional upside. We have a lot of mysteries yet and we have a lot of really smart people really working at making this better.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Robertson of Barclays.
Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. But just from a philosophical standpoint, I guess it sounds like you all planned to enter 2015 with some flexibility around your capital program to see where cost go and maybe also, if you have a prolonged period of lower prices to see what other opportunities may come up on the acquisition front, is that fair?
Thomas E. Jorden: That's absolutely the case, Jeff. And one of the things that I'll say, we don't wish for corrections but, boy, we all kind of leaned forward. We're trained for this. This is in our DNA, and our history is that in these down cycles, there is tremendous opportunity. And we'll be as opportunistic as we possibly can. We're going to stay flexible. You're probably going to -- we'll talk about wide ranges in what we're continuing to do and we won't apologize if we have to accelerate or decelerate. We're going to be as opportunistic as we possibly can.
Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And secondly, Tom, have you all talked much with -- as you're playing your 2015 capital program, have you talked much with the service providers about cost directions and especially in areas where you know you're going to be busy? Are there -- are they -- have you shown any willingness yet to make any concessions or help you all out on prices?
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, this is Joe again. I'll just react on what I mentioned a bit ago. We have had initial discussions with our larger service providers. They are aware of our position. They're aware of the market. They're finding some of the same things we are. They've got cost that they're incurring that even as early as September, we saw rate increases on the drilling side, primarily on the labor side. It's going to have to be a trickle-down effect, but I will tell you this, and Tom hit it right on the head. Once rigs start laying down, then it's a scramble for market share. And once it's a scramble for market share, we're in a pretty good position because we will be active, and we will be a viable customer. So it's going to have to trickle down, and we're got to keep the heat on them.
Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Then lastly, you all have not built any expectations of lower cost into some of the returns you're talking about yet have you?
John A. Lambuth: No. This is John. Any of our go forward economics, we absolutely do not build in price reductions into our capital cost. We assume the cost is what it is today, and we base our decision on that today. If cost come down, then we will adjust at that appropriate time. But no, nothing built in on our go forward modeling for future well returns.
Operator: The next question comes from Irene Haas of Wunderlich Securities.
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: So 2 questions. Firstly is at what level would you -- what's your maintenance CapEx, i.e., what's the minimum amount that you could spend to keep your production flat? And secondarily, for the Merrimack, the wells you have drilled that straw how variable are the pace? Are they kind of the same location where you expect or are they more scattered?
Mark Burford: Yes, Irene, this is Mark. On your first part of your question there with the seen as capital required to invest to order production. Honestly, it's on the measure we spend really any time evaluating that is, we still bottoms up and look what are the things we'll invest in the period. And then based on a rate of return, and we see the outcome of the production is. We don't use a lot of sensitivities on that. I don't have a hard number for you. I mean, honestly, what that would represent at this point. Obviously the mix of what we drill, timing of what we drill. Even as John touched on like with Cana really for development, there's this amount of capital being incurred in the first half of the year that we won't see production until second half, this is all a variability timing, often this is development that always -- it just compares to some of our logical thinking too, because timing and year-over-year comparisons are neat, but clearly, we had return in the cash flow, which generate all the investments we're making, that's what we focus on.
John A. Lambuth: And this is John. In terms of your question on the Merrimack. Of the 6 wells, they are very diverse in their geographic location, as well as in their geologic intervals that they're testing. I mean, they are truly delineating our acreage position, such that with those results in hand, we'll have a much better feel for just what's the breadth and scope of this opportunity. And so far, I would just say, "I'll just going to make another comment." We're obviously not alone here. In the Merrimack, there are lots of other wells being drilled by other operators. And so far, and I guess you could -- you can kind of draw that conclusion by the fact we have 6 wells now and plan to -- probably plan to drill more, we do like what we see here so far. But again, we need those well results in hand to figure out just what the overall size of the price is right now.
Irene O. Haas - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Is it fair to say that this is probably more complicated than the Cana-Woodford play?
John A. Lambuth: In terms of how we see right now, yes. It is a play that we are quickly coming up to speed and in terms of our understanding of the rock, the whole core we take, the analysis of that core, the logs, we're really at the intimacy here of just understanding the nature of this play. And so it will all take us some a while here to get more and more comfortable with. But again, so far, we like what we see.
Thomas E. Jorden: Also Irene, this is Tom. The play like Cana-Woodford has a lot of geological variation. It varies in thickness. And one of the things it varies is in hydrocarbon-type and also pressure. And so the window we're playing it in is a little different than where a lot of the announced activities has been. And so a lot of -- we as you know, you know as well, we study our competition and it's not always a direct analog to where we're playing at. But as John said, we're very, very encouraged about what we're seeing thus far.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jason Smith - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the Cana again. Can you just remind us on infrastructure and availability of labor? I'm just trying to figure out is there any limitations to -- if we look at this differently to potentially going beyond the plan that you've laid out in this call.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. We don't see that to be an issue as far as personnel to get the job done and get the wells drilled. Services are there. We're proactively working with the -- our processing entity for market, for capacity and for market availability for residue gas sales and NGLs. And so we're about 6, 9 months ahead of that, and don't foresee issues there, but everything looks like it's on track.
Jason Smith - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And on the 7 rigs that you guys mentioned, I mean is that -- that's just Cana, right? So are there other rigs that you guys are planning to allocate to the Mid-Con?
John A. Lambuth: Yes. This is John. Yes, there will be some additional rigs drilling. As Tom mentioned, for sure, some additional Merrimack delineation, as well as other concepts and things that we're pursuing. I don't have an exact number for you today. Obviously, that's depending upon where we think we're going to fund and what level next year. But above and beyond the 6 to 7 rigs on that row development, there will be other rigs active for us in the Anadarko region.
Jason Smith - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And maybe just a similar question, but taking it to the Permian. Can you maybe just update us on where things stand on oil gathering and gas processing for you guys over there?
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. We're right on track with our plans. We continue to put pipe in the ground, both in Triple Crown as well as in the Reeves County area. We've locked in to some firm volumes with 2 or 3 additional processors since our last call. We're aware of their capacity. At the same time, there's somewhere around several bcf a day of new processing coming on in the next 2 years. So Triple Crown's working out as exactly as we'd hoped. We got to take away to the North, take away in the middle, take away to the South. And so far so good, but again, just like Cana, we got to stay out ahead of this. With the drilling activity is going to look like and then try and react in proactive manner rather than after we drilled the wells to ensure capacity take away.
Jason Smith - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And on the oil side, Joe?
Joseph R. Albi: On the oil side, things are blowing and going. We're not having any issues hauling. We continue to be in discussions both in Triple Crown as well now in a new -- in 2 other areas, the Reeves County and Lee County area for oil gathering projects, both of those were working towards inking agreements and are in the process right away for oil gathering, which has really take a lot of pressure of this by the end of next year.
Operator: The next question comes from Ipsit Mohanty of GMP Securities.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities L.P., Research Division: Just a couple of broad questions. The delivery basin as good as anyone else. When you look at various traffic scenarios in '15, do you look at your development at the basin equally across the 8 stage? Or would there be areas that you would rather focus and then some that you have not touched? And then as -- and in relation to that, would there be particular zones that you're going to first? Or would you just develop the way that you're doing right now? I'm just curious to see how you look at developing that portfolio, let's say, if oil goes down even further.
John A. Lambuth: This is John, I guess, I'll try to answer your question first. You're absolutely right in that, but our basin is a very broad, large basin. And within that basin itself, we see lots of variability in terms of the type of hydrocarbons we make. As we spoke about many times, say for instance, in Wolfcamp, we have the breadth of acreage where we could be anywhere from being almost mostly oil in the reservoir to all the way up in Culberson, where it's predominantly gas with a really good yield component to it. And in some ways, commodity price dictates where we go with that. Right now, as -- again we've talked about Culberson looks still extremely attractive to us from a rate of return standpoint. On the flip side, I will tell you right now, Ward County, Wolfcamp gets a little bit of a struggle right now, given the current prices with oil. And just given the depth we have to drill to and to the lack of pressure, I would say, within that reservoir, Ward is a little bit of a struggle. But the nice thing is that we have this large acreage position that we can move those rigs to, again, maximize our returns throughout that basin. That's no different than also in the Avalon. Right now, we haven't really talked about it, but we have quite a few Avalon wells that would be coming on in the next quarter. And again, we're targeting that area, the Avalon, where the product mix is such that we feel like we hit our best returns out of that basin. So we have a lot of flexibility within that basin, as the way I would put it.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, I might add to that. It's not just a function of commodity price, it's also a function of technology. And our thinking on the various sweets spots has changed over time, and they will change again. So we're continuing to work it and adapting as we go.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities L.P., Research Division: Was that - and then in that case, let me scratch in looking deeper and see that in terms of -- assuming that all your drilling from your own will be on upsized fracs, how do you see the extended lateral program developing? So in terms of -- for example, going forward, I know it's dictated a large by lease geometry, I understand. But then as you look at spending that incremental capital going forward, how do you see -- what's the extent of extended laterals that you'd be drilling across your region?
John A. Lambuth: This is John. I will tell you anywhere, quite frankly, that our acreage allows us to do it. Our main goal is to ultimately make it an extended lateral play. Because as you mentioned, that incremental capital to drill that extra 5,000 feet is more than offset by the type of returns we get out of that well from the hydrocarbons that we flow out of it. So that's why areas like Culberson, the JDA, it's so valuable to us because that JDA gives the large continuous operated acreage position that allows us to do that. In fact, that this our go forward plans in terms of Culberson is long laterals. Unfortunately, I wish in all years we had acreage that we could do that everywhere. But again, where the acreage allows us to do it, that is, ultimately, our plan and goal on a go-forward basis, especially when we think about it from a development standpoint.
Thomas E. Jorden: And that will also be true in Cana. We have scenarios with Woodford where we think we have long lateral development to do. And as we look at the Merrimack, I think that we're going to be looking long and hard at long laterals.
Ipsit Mohanty - GMP Securities L.P., Research Division: Did you have any longer lateral drilled in the Cana in the third quarter? Maybe in...
John A. Lambuth: No, no long laterals in the third quarter. The only long lateral is the one we've talked about in our last earnings release. Again, as I mentioned earlier, in this mode of delineation, of undelineating are not going to do it with long laterals. I'm going to do with 5,000-foot laterals, as I tried to establish economics. I will say again, we have future plans of development in Cana, nothing written down just yet, but we clearly have a large acreage position that would lend itself very nicely to 10,000-foot development in the Cana-Woodford shale for future drilling.
Thomas E. Jorden: And Page 20 of our presentation highlights that 10,000-foot lateral in the Woodford.
Operator: And due to time constraints, the last question today will come from Dan Guffey of Stifel.
Daniel D. Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: You guys have been very clear in the past that you're focused on not leaving PV behind by entering development mode too quickly in the Permian. So looking at Culberson, I wonder if you can remind me approximately how many Wolfcamp A wells have you drilled? And then also provide some color on kind of a Wolfcamp A performance first, the B bench, and then also give a little color on your pilot between the C and D stacked lateral and really kind of how you're thinking of development on a long-term basis going forward in Culberson White City.
John A. Lambuth: This is John. In terms of the Wolfcamp A, we have reported on a couple of them so far. We have a few more that are coming on. Again, they look very attractive to us relative to the Wolfcamp D interval that we mentioned before. In terms of build-forward development plans, on our previous release, we talked about the results of our 8 well spacing pilots. I will tell you that we already have in the works our next pilot which, tentatively, we start drilling on sometime in the December time frame. I think it's fair to say that we're still internally debating what is the right thing to do with that pilot to further understand and ensure that, like you just said, that we come up with the right plan, so we do not leave any PD behind. But that's where we're at right now. We have both a pilot and the works and for later this year, and we have still some more drilling that we have to do in terms of holding an acreage and still testing for the balance of that Wolfcamp Shale play for us in Culberson. I hope that answered your question. If there's a follow-up, let me know.
Daniel D. Guffey - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: No, I appreciate the color. I guess, you guys have additional data from the outside frac in Cana and throughout the Wolfcamp and throughout Delaware. I guess, when do you guys feel it's appropriate to put out a detailed cut-type curve in EUR estimates by player area. I mean, obviously, you guys are modeling internally, giving some of the guidance you have in terms of the long lateral and upsized at EUR. Just wondering when you guys think it may be appropriate to publish some of those EUR estimates?
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, this is Tom. When we have results that we think are meaningful. And so I know that there's some pressure for us that talk about wells early, but I just want to say again, we're a company built on ideas, technology and innovation, and we really focus on the science and get a good meaningful data. And we don't want to get ahead of ourselves and we want our investors to -- our credibility in our communication. And so that will occasionally mean, we're going to be able to slow and release data once it's in the solid results category and not in the promise or hope category. And so we'll release that as we have it. We have a lot a wells that are currently flowing back. So I think, certainly next quarter, we will have much data to release, and we'll release the data we have. Now as far as EURs, we typically don't talk a lot about EURs, but we'll certainly show you our type curve and what it means to us.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Burford for any closing remarks.
Mark Burford: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your time with us, and we look forward to give you report -- results in the future. And again, thank you for your participation.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Jeffrey W. Hutton - Senior Vice President of Marketing Steven W. Lindeman - Vice President of Engineering & Technology Scott C. Schroeder - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Subash Chandra - Jefferies LLC, Research Division David Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Marshall H. Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO of Cabot Oil & Gas. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Youssef, and good morning to all. I appreciate you joining us for this second quarter call. With me today, as usual, I do have several members of the Cabot executive team. And also, before we get started, the standard boilerplate, the forward-looking statements included in the releases do apply to my comments today. First, I'd like to touch upon a few of the financial and operating highlights from the second quarter that were outlined in this morning's release, I think, all of which indicates some positive numbers. Equivalent net production for the second quarter was 1.402 million -- excuse me, 1,402 million cubic foot per day, an increase of 34% over the prior year's comparable quarter. This also represents a 5% sequential increase over the first quarter, driven by a 4% increase in daily natural gas volumes, and a 39% increase in daily liquid volumes. Of particular note, oil production for the quarter increased 65% compared to the prior year's comparable quarter, when adjusting for last year's mid-continent and West Texas asset sales. Year-to-date, our equivalent production is up 34% compared to last year, in line with our current guidance. Discretionary cash flow for the quarter was approximately $332 million, an increase of 12% compared to the second quarter of '13. And then for the quarter, Cabot generated approximately $50 million of free cash flow, highlighting the capital efficiency of our program, and that's despite the lower natural gas prices. Net income, excluding selected items for the second quarter, was $115 million, an increase of 21% compared to the second quarter of 2013. Our unit cost, another area of improvement, continues to trend down, decreasing 16% year-over-year to $2.59 per Mcfe, with per unit cash cost of only $1.27 per Mcfe. Let's move to the region. First, the Marcellus. The company continues to experience exceptional well productivity, as evidenced by the step-out results that were reported in today's press release. The consistency of our acreage to the north and east, while we expected these results, was confirmed by the step-out wells. It is still early in the production cycle, some of these wells, but we are pleased with the results today and expect the EURs per foot on these wells to be in line with our well results we reported at year end. Net production for the field was 1.26 Bcf per day, up 4% over the first quarter, but did fall a little bit short of our internal expectations. This shortfall was exclusively a result of the ongoing issues directly related to gathering operations and not related to well performance. As we pointed out in the first quarter, Williams had experienced significant downtime with their operations during the extreme winter conditions. Unfortunately, some difficulties persisted throughout the second quarter, which were unrelated to weather. We have been in constant contact with Williams, and have recently seen operational improvements. However, throughout our discussions with Williams, we have made it very clear exactly what our expectations are moving forward, and we do believe Williams' operating results will continue to improve. Despite this unexpected dynamic, Cabot still achieved the midpoint of its production growth guidance for the first 6 months of '14, and we reaffirm our production guidance for the remaining 6 months of '14 and the full year of 2015. During the third quarter, approximately 60,000 horsepower of additional compression will be added to our gathering system. This new capacity will alleviate high line pressure in certain areas and will also provide for compressor redundancies throughout the system. Having this spare capacity will definitely mitigate a significant amount of the compressor downtime experienced during the first half of the year. We continue to operate 6 rigs in the Marcellus, and expect to hold that rig count flat through 2015, based on our current operating plan. We plan to drill and complete approximately 60 additional wells during the second half of 2014. It certainly is nice to be able to operate only 6 rigs in a field and deliver top-tier production growth of such a large production profile. Now let's move to the Eagle Ford, where we had some highlights. Our Eagle Ford team continues to work to maximize drilling and completion efficiencies in our core Buckhorn position in the oil window of the Eagle Ford. As a reminder, we currently have over 53,000 net acres in the Eagle Ford, with approximately 43,000 net acres at our Buckhorn prospect, which is located predominantly in Frio and Atascosa Counties. Cabot has 3 rigs drilling in the field, and by the end of the third quarter, all 3 rigs will be converted to walking rigs capable of effective, efficient pad drilling. Pad development equates to drilling and completion cost savings in excess of $500,000 per well, and the facility cost attached to pad development is a cost savings in excess of $200,000 per well on a multi-pad site. The team has shown significant performance improvements in 2014, which has been driven by the continued optimization of our drilling and completion operations in the play, some of the recent initiatives, including drilling longer laterals, reducing the spacing between frac stages and increasing the amount of proppant per foot. For the first half of 2014, our typical well was more than 25% longer than our average well drilled in '13. We have further reduced our stage spacing in the Eagle Ford, and modified the proppant size we use in our frac jobs, both of which have resulted in a significant increase in fracture conductivity. In the second quarter, our average stage spacing decreased 15%, compared to the average spacing for our '13 program. This equates to more stages per well and more proppant per lateral foot. In '14, we have also increased our proppant per foot by 15% to 20%, over our 2013 levels. On the efficiency front, also, we continue to see an improvement in drilling days and drilling cost per foot. In fact, recently, we achieved a new record for us, for drilling days, drilling to TD in only 7 days for a 6,400-foot lateral well. As we highlighted in the press release, during the quarter, we placed 10 wells on production, that have now produced for at least 30 days. These wells achieved an average 30-day production rate of 840 Boe per day per well, with a 92% oil cut, from an average lateral length of 6,700 feet. The approximate well cost of these wells is about $7 million. Certainly, these wells are trending above our $500,000 barrels per BO -- per well EUR. We also recently drilled and completed our first 300-foot down-spaced well, and have been pleased with the results to date. We will continue to monitor the production profile from this pad and have additional 300-foot space wells planned for the rest of our 2014 program. 300-foot downspacing could increase our location count at Buckhorn by 25% to 30%. While we did not add a material amount of new Eagle Ford acreage during the quarter, we do continue to assess different opportunities throughout the trend, and anticipate adding more meaningful to our position throughout the balance of the year. And now the remainder of my comments will be addressed to answer the possible questions we might have. In regard to pricing, we were certainly all aware of the pricing dynamics surrounding the Marcellus, and it continues to put pressure on the differentials throughout the Northeast United States, and the overall weakness realized -- in realized gas prices affecting all of the Marcellus and Utica producers. Cabot certainly is in this same position. As we continue to experience differentials that can be attributed to continued growth of supply, increased demand in the in-service of new long haul pipes designated to take Marcellus gas out of the region will certainly help the differentials. As we explained on our last call, we had certain winter contracts roll-off prior to April 1, and we anticipated slightly weaker realized prices for the summer period. As expected, for the second quarter, our realized prices before the impact of hedges averaged $0.89 below NYMEX, which is in line with the guidance we provided in our investor presentation. We expect our realized price point to be reduced slightly in the third quarter, and expect to see improvement as we enter the traditional heating season. Moving to Constitution Pipeline update. We continue to make additional progress as we await the issuance of the final Environmental Impact Statement. The project is moving ahead on all fronts, as Constitution continues to acquire additional survey permits, right-of-ways and permits required to begin construction schedule for early 2015. We continue to see frequent updates from the Constitution team at Williams. And despite the delay we saw in FERC's issuance of the final EIS, there has been no change to the expected in-service date that Williams provided us back in December of '13. As a result, we remain optimistic for an in-service date of late 2015 to early 2016, but we do recognize several approval milestones do need to be met. In regard to share repurchases, anticipating that question, share repurchases are still part of our capital allocation discussion internally. Year-to-date, we have not repurchased any shares. Currently, management is focused on balancing long-term development opportunities with share repurchases. Our near-term share repurchase activity will be coordinated with the success of additional acreage acquisitions and the corresponding acceleration opportunities on any of that new acreage we will acquire, and certainly, the share price is of consideration also. In summary, even in this challenged pricing environment, we continue to generate growth in earnings and cash flow, led by our top-tier production growth. Current natural gas price realizations, certainly while not robust, are still manageable, and allow us to generate best-in-class returns. And add to this, the fact that our efforts in the Eagle Ford will continue to deliver strong oil growth, with our efficiency improvements and results. Plus, in an expanded rig count in the second half of the year, you will see these strong oil production growth. So what can you expect from Cabot is that we will continue to deliver strong production growth. We'll maintain a very efficient capital program, with excellent returns despite the differential effects. We'll add significantly to our reserve book. We'll capture margins with our continuing efficiency gains and operations and unit costs, and we will continue our efforts to expand our investment focus. Youssef, with that, myself or the management team will be happy to answer any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Charles Meade with Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Dan, I want to say, I think with your last comments there, I think a lot of us, me included, scratched off a lot of the questions that we had planned. So I think you maybe -- there's been a theme on recent calls. So it's -- thanks for addressing that. I want to, if I could, get you to decompose a bit the results on those 3 pads, with the 191 stages. I know you said that they're in line with the estimates. And I guess, that means your EUR for year end. But can you discuss at all maybe some of the variability that -- when you're with North, and it got thinner, or when you went East, if there's any variance around that 1.25 Mmcf per stage?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, there's not a lot of variance, and each well can be unique in its own way, Charles. When you -- and that statement is consistent with the other areas we've drilled also. We have to make sure that we stay within the exact zone that we select. Down south, where it's a little bit thicker, we have a little bit more leeway to stay within that zone. But certainly, the thickness does not diminish significantly to the north, just slightly, and where we stay very vigilant on making sure that we stay within the zone that we're trying to target. But aside from that, we've been very pleased with the results. The frac spacing that we continue to play with, between 150- and 200-foot space fracs, we're toying with, and continuing to gather data in that regard. The flow back process that we employ up to the north and east has been similar. The type of frac we put on the wells was similar with the amount of proppant per stage and the pump pressures that we utilize. And the type of proppant has been consistent. So we are not seeing, again, any differences in either way, either it's our implementation and how we drilled a well, except being more vigilant and staying in zone, but our completion techniques in operation side is consistent. Flowback is the same, and as indicated, the results are good.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Well, that's great. I imagine you have to be quite pleased with that consistency. And if I could just take one follow-up, on the Eagle Ford, if I remember correctly, I think that on your last call, Dan, you were talking about that your organic kind of lease acquisition efforts were underway. And that, I think, you indicated that was your focus. Is that still -- is that correct? And if so, is that still your posture? Or are you may be looking more at maybe some producing property packages, as some people exit the play?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, we have evaluated through our internal team, not only the primary term or open acreage out there, but certainly, on small bolt-on type of opportunities, we evaluate also. Those bolt-on opportunities could come in the form of either just acreage or it could come with a little bit of production, but we're evaluating both.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. So you're agnostic on that. It's just -- you're just looking for value and how it fits with your existing position?
Dan O. Dinges: Exactly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Allman with JP Morgan.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Could you talk about the differential, the gas differential, so far in July? And then, Dan, what are your expectations for the differential, cash differential in 2015?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I'll let Jeff field that. But I will say this, just from an overall standpoint, that the differential by itself is going to be a certainly a moving target. But the differential will also be -- the final differential would be -- or the final realization would be affected also by the price of NYMEX. So as you see, the fluctuations in NYMEX, I think, you'll see the fluctuations also in what the exact differential will be. But I'll let Jeff answer the question in regard to the July and '15.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay, Joe. I'm glad that -- excuse me, I'm glad that Dan led in with that quick summary on the differences that we expect to see between the differentials on our higher NYMEX number rather than our lower NYMEX number. July did come in slightly less than our average for the second quarter. That said, we've sort of expected that. We also expect that to continue as we reach the winter season. Again, weather will play a role here, and if we see a normal winter to a good winter, like we saw last year, we expect the differentials to strengthen a little bit. As far as 2015 goes, personally I don't see much difference between that year and this year in terms of differentials, but again a lot of that has to do with this winter and the weather we will experience then.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, no, that's helpful. And then a question on Constitution, so what are the key hurdles that can affect, whether that really comes on in late '15, early '16 or if it's delayed?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay, Joe. This is Jeff again. Yes, the primary key hurdle is the final EIS statement. We expect that out in the next 2, 4 weeks or so. The certificate will follow under a normal process. With that, along the same path, we'll be -- and have been working with the New York DEC and the PA DEP on getting the permits necessary for our construction. But the final EIS is a significant event and our expectations are we'll see that on schedule. And the in-service date at this point, like Dan mentioned, in his speech, is still scheduled late '15 or early '16.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then lastly, just with Eagle Ford. I mean, Dan, it sounds as if you're planning on adding a significant amount of acreage in the Eagle Ford, and you previously talked about just some bolt-ons or potentially some production added with that. But are you also considering a bigger asset acquisition or might even consider a corporate acquisition?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, right now, we're looking at the asset acquisition being in the form of whether it's just additional leases or small bolt-on type of opportunities. The reason is very clear. If you look at our results that we've been able to post, with the type of wells that we're drilling, the efficiency gains that we've had that I've mentioned on the drill side and completion side. We have had in our investor presentation on a typical 500,000 EUR-type well will cost $7 million, and our lateral length being in this type well being consistent with the lateral length in the number of stages that we've done on our last 10 wells. At $90, we did over 60% return on that type of well. Two things in regard to these 10 wells. The 10 wells are trending above this type curve, for the Eagle Ford economics that we have presented. And certainly, our realized price is higher than the $90 that we've represented to get over that 60% return. So we are looking at the additional opportunities out there, with a economic improvements that we've seen and the efficiency improvements that we've seen to take advantage of any additional acreage we can fund.
Operator: Our next question comes from Drew Venker with Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm wondering if you'd address the takeaway situation. Obviously, there's a huge amount of demand for additional long-haul pipe out of Appalachia in general. I'm just curious for your position, specifically. Have you examined building your own midstream solutions out in Northeast PA? And I'm thinking really, in addition to Constitution?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we have -- certainly, Constitution, we've talked about. Everybody's aware of it, that the commissioning of that particular pipeline will give Cabot an additional 500 million cubic foot net a day of gas, going through to a different price point. We have also -- are participating in the Central Penn pipeline, which is scheduled for the latter part of '17. Our participation in that is a -- if you will, a midstream investment. But more importantly, we're the foundation shipper on that particular Central Penn pipeline, and that will allow us to move an incremental 850 million cubic foot a day. And again, an anticipated commissioning of that in the latter part of '17. And I might add that, certainly, we're very in tune. Jeff stays up-to-date on every moving part out there in the midstream market, and we have ongoing discussions with how we're going to continue to move our gas, with the growth expectations that we have.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Partly, the question arose because the asset, really, is so tremendous that if you had adequate pipeline capacity, I think, you could grow at basically whatever rate you want it to grow. So maybe there are other considerations. Maybe the macro picture is a part of it. Are there other things you're taking into account when you evaluate your midstream needs?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we -- kind of back to my comment I made about drilling in a field with 6 rigs. Having a -- I don't know who's producing the most gas in the entire Marcellus or Utica area, but we're close to the either 1, 2 or 3, and at producing a 1.5 billion cubic foot per day up there and being able to grow off that base with only 6 rigs. I don't know who's producing the most, but I know that we have the least rigs running in the area, particularly with that growth profile off of that larger base. So we know we can continue to grow this tremendous asset, a 30 to 40 Tcf resource opportunity up there. We know the present value is important to all of us. So everything we do is to enhance the present value of that asset. A couple of things that will be happening in the future, we're all aware of. I think we all believe that demand is going to be enhanced. Whether that demand is in power generation, industrial use, LNG exports, all of that is moving forward. So we're optimistic. Though we are in a little bit of a lull period, we're optimistic that in the foreseeable future, demand is going to be enhanced. And I think that demand enhancement's certainly going to be coupled with the midstream efforts that are ongoing right now to attach the supply area to existing demand areas and incremental new demand areas. So we think we have a bright future.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, can you speak to the potential you have in the dry gas Utica in West Virginia or even if there's some potential issue there?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, yes, we're in the Utica play. We have some acreage to the North, over 50,000 acres to the north area of the play, and we have some extensive acreage to the south area of the play, where we are. Whether it's the dry area or the liquids rich area, the Utica, we are looking at it. We're evaluating. We have a rig active at this point in time, still an exploratory project for us, but we're optimistic with the geology we see.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And Dan, is there a potentially get an update on well results this year?
Dan O. Dinges: Possibly. We're -- we can't guarantee anything at this stage, but it's certainly very possible that we could have some initial results this year.
Operator: Next, we have Pearce Hammond with Simmons & Company.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Dan, I was curious what your thoughts or plan was for '15 hedging?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. We have looked at '15 hedging, Pearce, and we have considered it and looking at not only the -- NYMEX, certainly, it's just one component of it. But we had -- before, we've kind of changed our accounting process and now go to mark-to-market. We had tried to tie some of our -- and looked at trying to tie some of our '15 volumes to a particular pipe. But what we saw was: one, the -- it was not a fairly liquid market; and two, the differentials that we would have had to lock in, in advance, were punitive. And what we have seen each month is that the forward-looking curve gives a significantly higher discount than the actual month realizations, and we were not prepared to lock in those punitive differentials in advance in a illiquid market. But we -- as we've indicated -- or as we illustrated with our hedge book, we are interested in hedging, and we'll continue to try to find ways to mitigate the volatility.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: But it is your expectation that'll you put on some NYMEX Henry Hub hedges for next year?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And then my second question is really strong oil production growth this quarter, congrats on that. Would you be willing to put out some oil production growth guidance for '14?
Dan O. Dinges: Scott's shaking his head, no. But right now, with us moving a new rig into the area, us looking at additional acreage out there and how we might move our activity around a little bit, I'm more comfortable just to be putting it out there with what we have. But I am optimistic that what we have out there is certainly reachable.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: And then one last one for me, and I apologize if you've already mentioned this in your prepared remarks, but what is current net production in the Marcellus? Or what does the month-to-date production look like there?
Dan O. Dinges: Gross production out there is -- we're working through these William issues that I've discussed, but we're over -- we're somewhere in between 1.4 to 1.5.
Operator: Next, we have Matt Portillo with TPH.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick questions for me. I was wondering if we can get an update on how your downspacing test is performing in the Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Just real quickly, we have several examples out there. We had a 10-well pad that we've been producing now about 9 months, about 9 months. We had our closest spacing on that pad. That spacing had the lower Marcellus spaced at 500 feet, and we still like the trend line on our curve from those wells. We do continue to look at and implement additional downspace opportunities. So -- but I guess, to say it differently, we are going to downspace further. So everything we've seen is positive so far.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And so is the plan there to potentially maximize the amount of wells you're able to fit in that section, potentially with a little bit of interference. So you're not seeing interference at this point?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, it's still early in the curve to be able to make that definitive statement. The answer is no, we haven't. But it's still early in the production cycle when you think about how you're going to be able to ascertain what is incremental reserves and what is acceleration reserves.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And just my second question, on the Eagle Ford, as you mentioned, you're starting to see the returns exceed that threshold you guys have talked about in the past. I'm wondering if you could provide a little bit of color around the acceleration potential? And then, I guess, just as a quick follow-up, in regards to the completions you're using in the basin, could you give us a little bit of color on kind of what your current completions are in terms of the size of the fracs you're doing and the number of stages you're completing?
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. On the acceleration side of the Eagle Ford, we have brought in another rig. We plan on implementing a walking package on a couple of rigs that do not have that capability today, which will help accelerate our efficiencies, as we've discussed. We've mentioned that we're looking and continue to look at additional acreage out there. With that opportunity, if we have success, I think you can anticipate additional acceleration, maybe another rig in that as a result of additional acreage. So that is also a way of doing it. When you look at the completions and you look at the 10-well that we recently did, the average lateral length was 6,700 foot or so. We had, oh, an average of 26, 27 stages in those wells. And the items that I mentioned, we're toying with the proppant size. We are looking at the amount of proppant per stage. So all of those things, we're gathering additional information on and we continue to improve with the -- again, are type of things that we're exploring out there.
Operator: The next question comes from Subash Chandra with Jefferies.
Subash Chandra - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Following up on the Eagle Ford questions, 2 for me. One is can you be more specific just on the proppant intensity, the pounds per stage, the pounds per foot, what you might be trying there in terms of escalation? And then were the 8,500-foot laterals included in this update? And finally, if you could just refresh me on the net locations you have remaining in your current acreage?
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. I'll take this first on the location size. If you use 400-foot spacing, we are probably over 600 locations. Now we're looking at the downspacing going down to the 300-foot. And as I mentioned, that could add 25% to 30% or so to the location count. On the proppant, I'll let Steve Lindeman have a brief discussion on the proppant question, on what we're doing on a per foot basis, and maybe how we're tweaking some of the proppant size, without getting into too much detail.
Steven W. Lindeman: Yes, just quickly. If we look at our 2013 program, we had pumped a lot of 40/70 mesh sand. In the -- with a 300 -- 400,000-pound range, we've increased our proppant to 30-50, and we've actually done some 20-40 jobs now. And we're pumping about 400,000 to 500,000 pounds per stage on those treatments. And then as Dan mentioned earlier, we are narrowing our spacing from 275, that we had last year, down to something below 250 this year.
Subash Chandra - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. Okay, and just the final one was if the 8,500 foot wells were included in this update?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Some of those 8,500-foot wells were in the 10-well average that I indicated to you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum with KeyBanc.
David Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just to clarify, you talked about, perhaps, adding another rig in the Eagle Ford. But the 2015 guidance assumes, on terms of overall growth, that you're using 3 rigs in the Eagle Ford and 6 in the Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges: No, that's correct.
David Deckelbaum - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And how do you, I guess, balance? You did talk about you haven't done any share repurchases to date. I guess, do you look at, perhaps, putting a rig in the Eagle Ford as a better use of capital than perhaps thinking about share repurchases right now? Or is there -- are they not necessarily mutually exclusive?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, they're not mutually exclusive. However, with the efficiency gains and what we've been able to see with the realized pricing, the Eagle Ford is furnishing excellent returns. And as I mentioned, we have -- and you mentioned, we have 3 rigs running there now. If in fact, we can be successful on additional acreage, we could increase that rig count also, not only for our guidance on '15, but we might be able to do something earlier than that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This may be repetitive, in which case, I apologize. But your CapEx for the quarter was down a bit and the lowest in a while, and I just wanted to see if you could talk about the outlook for capital spending for the rest of the year? How the Marcellus prices could make that fluctuate one way or the other, in terms of the budget that you have outlined?
Scott C. Schroeder: Brian, this is Scott. We reaffirmed the capital guidance last night, which is 1.375 to 1.475. That plan -- again, there might be some variability within it, but that's still the plan that was reaffirmed 2 days ago, in our board meeting. It's basically a timing difference, just some of the timing and the flow-through of the dollars associated with the completion operation and the drilling operation. We still expect to be within that range. So there'll be -- from where we were thinking, maybe earlier in the year, there's going to be more in the second half of the year. And unless there's some huge dramatic fall off, worse than any of us anticipate, that plan is not going to change.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And that is actual change in activity in terms of the level of spending in the second half? Or that's kind of accounting noise, where you actually probably really did spend more in Q2 than it gets reported for GAAP?
Scott C. Schroeder: Yes, that's accruals. It's accounting noise.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, got it. So effectively, you think you're generally on pace, as opposed do you expect some acceleration in your base level spending?
Scott C. Schroeder: Correct.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then I think you mentioned share repurchases in your opening comments. Can you add any more color as to what you would need to see to become more aggressive on that front?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, as I mentioned, we're trying to just dovetail out with the management of our capital exposure, and some of the activity that we are in the middle of, Brian, regarding lease negotiations and acreage negotiations. We wanted to flush all that out and balance with that. And with success or without, they're not, again, mutually exclusive. But we felt like that we wanted to do that, and have some resolution, if you will, on a couple of ideas that we're thinking about, before we jumped out and bought additional shares.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marshall Carver with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
Marshall H. Carver - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC: Most of my questions were already asked. I do have a question on the downspacing test in the Marcellus. How many additional downspacing tests are you planning for the back half of this year, with the 500-foot spacing? And what are your average well spacing for this year?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Marshall, we're going to -- going all the way down in the lower Marcellus to 500 feet. We're going to watch the wells that we have done that close together to see how they perform. We wanted a benchmark that was very close, and we think 500 foot is very close for the Marcellus. But away from the 500 foot, for example, we have a large pad that we are going to drill. And that will -- all of the wells on that large pad will be downspaced less than 1,000 foot. So we do -- and in earnest, we are continuing a downspacing effort, but the 500-foot was a downspaced distance that, again, is going to give us some very, very good data. But I would not anticipate that the entire Marcellus would be able to be downspaced to 500-foot, but I do anticipate it would be able to be downspaced less than 1,000.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions. We will now -- this concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Youssef, and I appreciate all the questions. The questions' fairly narrowed in a band. But again, the takeaway from my closing comments prior to the Q&A, Cabot's going to be able to deliver some good results with our growth -- the production growth, our capital efficiencies. I think you're getting a flavor on what we're going to be able to do with our Eagle Ford operation and -- though it's early stage in what we think we can do with our increase in liquids volumes. But we're optimistic that we're on the right track in that area, and directionally, I think you can anticipate the additional capital will be spent in that particular area. So with that, again, I appreciate the interest in the second quarter call, and look forward to visiting with you all on the third quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges  Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Scott Schroeder  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer Jeffrey Hutton  Senior Vice President, Marketing
Analysts: Pearce Hammond  Simmons & Co. Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs Charles Meade  Johnson Rice Joe Allman  JP Morgan Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Gil Yang  Discern Subash Chandra  Jefferies Jeffrey Campbell  Tuohy Brothers Investments Bob Brackett  Sanford Bernstein Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets David Beard  Iberia Matt Portillo  Tudor Pickering Holt Wayne Cooperman  Cobalt Capital 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation First Quarter 2014 Earnings conference call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After todays presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on a touchtone phone. To withdraw your question, please press star and then two. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Emily, and good morning to all. Appreciate you joining us for this call. I do have several of the Cabot executive team members with me today. Before we start, let me say the standard boilerplate language on the forward-looking statements included in the press release does apply to my comments today. To begin, Id like to first touch on a few of the financial and operating highlights from the first quarter that were outlined in this mornings press release, and those are that production during the first quarter averaged 1,332 million cubic foot per day, an increase of 34% over the first quarter of 2013. As we guided on the year-end call in February, this volume is relatively flat to our fourth quarter production levels, which was primarily a result of compressor station downtime in the Marcellus due to the severe weather we had, and the number of wells we had scheduled to turn in line. When adjusting for our mid-cont and West Texas asset sales in the fourth quarter of last year, we grew the daily production by a few percentage sequentially. Discretionary cash flow for the quarter was approximately $320 million, an increase of 36% compared to the first quarter of 13 and a 12% increase over the fourth quarter. Net income excluding select items was approximately $110 million, an increase of over 100% compared to the first quarter of 13 and a 47% increase over the fourth quarter. These record-setting metrics were further enhanced on a per-share basis due to our reduction in shares outstanding resulting from our repurchase of 4.8 million shares in the fourth quarter of last year.  Of significant note, and I do think worth repeating, during the first week of this month we reached a milestone in the field of 1Bcf of cumulative gross production for these assets, which is particularly impressive given we began flowing production from our first Marcellus well less than six years ago and we have never operated more than six rigs or produced from more than 290 horizontal wells in the play during this time  certainly a milestone that recognizes the productivity of these unique assets. Theres not going to be many assets out there that can boast those numbers. Operationally, we do continue to demonstrate best-in-class execution across both our areas were allocating capital, and thats in the Marcellus and Eagle Ford program. In the Marcellus, we averaged slightly over 1.2Bcf per day of net production during the first quarter in spite of the previously mentioned midstream challenges during the quarter, including a slow-down in infrastructure build-out affecting our ability to connect new wells. As a result, we turned in line only eight wells during the quarter, which included a three-well pad that was turned in line at the end of the quarter which is producing over 50 million cubic foot per day.  As discussed on the year-end call, our production growth for 2014 is weighted more to the second half of the year; however, we do expect higher sequential growth in the second quarter versus the flattish production profile we had discussed on the year-end call. The second quarter has started off stronger with Cabot averaging approximately 1.48Bcf per day of gross production in the Marcellus, an increase of about 5% over the first quarter average. We plan to place approximately 15 wells on production during the second quarter, all of which will commence in either May or June. Moving to the Eagle Ford, we also have good news to report in that area. We completed our first six-well pad at the beginning of this month and have been very impressed with the results. The six wells had an average completed lateral link of about 6,700 feet and were completed with an average of 25 stages. The wells achieved an average peak 24-hour IP rate of 1,045 Boe per day per well with an 89% oil cut. As a result of the continued drilling and completion efficiencies associated with our pad drilling efforts, we realized approximately $600,000 of cost savings per well.  As a result of the improvements our team has made both on the production side as well as the cost side, we have decided to add a third rig beginning in the third quarter. The implied returns on our recent wells exceed 60% at $90, which we believe warrants the additional capital allocation. A typical well in the Eagle Ford has an EUR of approximately 500,000 Boe with a completed well cost of less than $7 million, based on approximately a 7,000 foot completed lateral. While still early, the wells that we had just announced in the six-well pad are outperforming this type curve. The addition of a third rig is accretive to our companys net asset value and will add high-margin growth to our production profile; however, since the additional rig will be focused on multi-pads and well be bringing it in in the third quarter, it is expected to have minimal impact on 2014 production but should have meaningful add to our estimated oil production volumes in 2015. We recently added about 4,000 net acres to our Eagle Ford position through our organic leasing efforts, and we will continue to actively lease in the area. Now let me move to pricing. Its a mainstay now on our Cabot teleconference. In the press release, we mentioned and indicated the Marcellus differential of $0.60 to $0.65 for January and February, and those levels held for the remainder of the first quarter. As we anticipated and which had been outlined in our recent investor presentations, the spread widened in April as certain winter contracts rolled off. For the month of April, we have seen realized prices in the Marcellus before the impact of hedges of about $0.75 to $0.80 below the NYMEX. Much of that was driven by winder first of month index prices on Tennessee and lighty (ph); however, the daily cash price for those pipes have improved during April compared to the last six months. We believe the stronger cash price can be possibly attributed to the increased demand from storage refill, which in turn may be the reason we are seeing bids for term gas become more attractive. Its still early in the injection season, so we will continue to monitor this dynamic as we move into the summer months. For any additional information on pricing points and our firm capacity and firm sales, please see our current investor presentation on our website. I would also be remiss if I failed to mention how the pricing dynamic should improve once Constitution pipeline is in service and we are able to deliver 500 million per day of our production to premium markets via the Iroquois system that will head both north and south, and into the Tennessee 200 line which will move to Boston. This outlook continues to improve with the Atlantic Sunrise project scheduled for the second half of 17. You may recall this new pipeline will deliver 850 million cubic foot per day of our previously sold gas to multiple new markets, including new pricing locations.  On the Constitution update, we continue to see additional progress as we work towards final approval. You will recall that FERC issued a very favorable draft environment impact statement back on February 12. A public comment period deadline was also established for April 7, and despite several parties requests for extensions, none were authorized by FERC. The FERC has established June 13 as the date for its planned issuance of the final environment impact statement for the project. The subsequent 90-day federal authorization decision deadline is set for September 11 with the final FERC order as early as mid-October of this year. In conjunction with the FERC process, Constitution filed for its New York DEC permit back in August of 2013. Constitution continues to fulfill its obligation to answer the data request by the New York DEC as they process the application and work towards the issue of a final permit.  On the financial side and subsequent to the quarter-end, our lenders under the credit facility approved an increase in the companys borrowing base from $2.3 billion to $3.1 billion as part of an annual redetermination process. While commitments currently remain unchanged at $1.4 billion, the increase allows for increased flexibility for share repurchases which will continue as an opportunistic decision based on relative valuations between the market and the internal view on intrinsic value. We have not to date this year made any share repurchases. The guidance as it relates to our capital guidance, we have increased our capital program slightly to accommodate the third rig in the Eagle Ford to $1.375 billion to $1.475 billion. We also have tightened our production guidance range for the year to 530 to 585 Bcfe, and that does translate and still implies a 35% production growth at midpoint. We remain confident that we will be able to continue to grow our volumes throughout the year and into next year.  In the Marcellus, we are currently producing about 1.5Bcf per day of gross volumes. Last month, we added 70 million per day of additional Millennium capacity, and we will add an incremental 150 million per day of additional firm capacity on Millennium in September. In addition to those volumes, we will be connecting our infrastructure directly to the largest LDC in the area beginning in the fourth quarter, which will allow for an additional 200 million cubic foot per day of new capacity. Based on this incremental capacity and addition to what we know about expansion projects like the Tennessee Rose Lake project, which will add about 250 million per day to the system, the recently announced open season on Millennium for about 120 million per day and the opportunity to increase our market share on three major pipes in the area, we do remain confident that we can continue to grow our Marcellus production levels in 14 and beyond. Concurrently, we will be growing our high margin oil production in the Eagle Ford also.  As a result of our confidence, we are providing initial 2015 production guidance of 20 to 30%. This guidance is predicated on an average of 2Bcf of daily gross Marcellus volumes through 15, a level we are very comfortable with and which may ultimately prove to be conservative. Additionally, this program would generate free cash flow in 2015 even if you do assume an all-in natural gas price realization of 350 and an oil price realization of $90.  As for 16, assuming a Constitution in-service date of late 15 or early 16, we expect another year of top tier growth for Cabot as we begin delivering 500 million cubic foot a day to new markets. In addition to the incremental volumes on Constitution, we will also be adding 125 million per day of new long-term firm sales associated with Transcos southeast expansion project and 50 million cubic foot per day of new capacity on Columbias east side expansion, all of which are expected to be in service during the fourth quarter of next year. In summary, while weve been very clear that 2014 and 2015 will be somewhat challenged as it relates to the pricing dynamics in the Marcellus, we are more confident than ever that the quality of our assets and the long-term value proposition for shareholders is very strong. Even with these near term challenges, we will still provide top tier production and reserve growth while spending within cash flow  again, not many companies can make that statement. With over 20 years of inventory remaining in the best natural gas assets in the U.S., a sizeable portfolio of new firm becoming available to us over the next couple of years, and an improving position in the Eagle Ford, we believe the future of Cabot is as bright as its ever been. Emily, with that, Ill be able to answer any questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Pearce Hammond of Simmons & Company. Please go ahead.
Pearce Hammond  Simmons & Co.: Good morning. Dan, can you walk us through kind of the puts and takes that you go through when considering whether to enter into a long-term takeaway agreement out of the Marcellus? For example, kind of weighing the cost of a new greenfield pipeline and the optical advantage now for investors as seeing firm takeaway capacity versus, say, locking the company into a disadvantageous pricing arrangement longer term, especially if there might be excess takeaway capacity out of the Marcellus later in the decade.
Dan Dinges: Well, Ill let Jeff kind of cover some of that, Pearce.
Jeffrey Hutton: Okay Pearce, as weve talked before, our valuation and whether to enter into long-term firm sales versus long-term transport contracts versus participating in a pipeline for new takeaway  I mean, all those factors are evaluated with each decision. I think early on, we made a lot of good decisions on our long-term sales contracts, got way ahead of the game because the pricing was very favorable. I think in the last six months or so, we have slowed down considerably on entering into anything long-term thats a price disadvantage, as you called it.  As you know, we opted for a new pipeline expansion coming out of Susquehanna County, thus the new 30 (indiscernible) that will go down to the DC area and on to Cove Point, and as it worked out for us, from a netback perspective that was a very, very favorable deal, so each deal stands on its own merits.  The new transport we picked up on Millennium does a lot of good things for us, gets us to places that previously we had been unable to move our gas towards at higher pricing points. So each case is different, but for the most part its evaluated along with all of our other options.
Pearce Hammond  Simmons & Co.: Thank you for that. My follow-up is Dan, do you see any new horizontal potential on any of your legacy West Virginia acreage that traditionally was targeting the Devonian Shale or the Big Lime with the brea formations, and then how much acreage do you have there?
Dan Dinges: Well in West Virginia, we have still approximately a million acres in West Virginia, and thats held by production we had previously in some of those shallow zones, Pearce, before we started developing the Marcellus. We had drilled several horizontal wells, and that opportunity still remains in West Virginia. We have an evaluation process ongoing with our assets in West Virginia. We had recently permitted a well in the West Virginia area and we will continue to look at enhancement opportunities on that acreage. So to answer your question just succinctly, yes, we do think there are opportunities to drill horizontal wells in some of the areas in West Virginia.
Pearce Hammond  Simmons & Co.: Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Pearce.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning. You talked to a number of the opportunities outside of Constitution where youre adding capacity, having signed some midstream agreements  the Tennessee Rose Lake, the open season on Millennium, and then the increase in market shares on three major pipes among them. Can you provide a little bit more color on what the expected realized pricing is and transport costs associated with those non-Constitution related opportunities, and how widespread do you see additional opportunity from here?
Dan Dinges: Ill let Jeff make the overall comment, Brian, but I will say that our price points are tied to different indices and those indices are variable, if you will, out there on what the future realizations are going to be. But Ill let Jeff answer.
Jeffrey Hutton: Okay, Brian. To begin with, the comment that we made in the speech on Rose Lake was just another example of how theres new capacity opening up on Tennessee that allows for additional volumes to flow on that particular pipeline, so we didnt participate as a shipper but we are selling gas to people who will participate as a shipper. Number two, I guess, is the other ancillary contracts that we have picked up in order to move gas from one basin to another. The pricing points all vary, transport costs all vary. For us, its all about netback  its about assumptions that we make on the pricing locations and how that works to our best interest in getting the highest price for product.  So each case is different. The Millennium capacity is fairly cheap as existing capacity. As you know, expansion capacity up there in new pipe is generally in the $0.50 to $0.60 range, but new pipe gets you a big advantage as another straw out of Susquehanna County. So we look at all those factors when making those decisions.
Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs: This is probably a follow-up for Jeff  as you look at future opportunities for signing midstream agreements, are youwhere do you see those opportunities regionally? Do you see them and are you moredo you see more opportunities to stick within the northeast and get it to the markets that Constitution is tapping into, like New England, or do you see more opportunities emerging to go to the Gulf Coast and the southeast or Midwest? Its really more a question on are there still incremental opportunities in the northeast, or are you really being forced to look more at the Gulf Coast?
Jeffrey Hutton: No, I think there are still additional opportunities in the northeast. As you know and if you look at our slide on the routes that Cabot Gas can reach and the markets that it can reach, we intend to be very, very active in Canada, at Waddington  its in the far north part of the eastern part of the United States. We expect to supply a lot of gas into the Boston area, and then coming south New York, Jersey, Connecticut  all those areas. Mid-Atlantic, the DC area, weve been very active down in the Carolinas into the Piedmont market, very active. Thats a huge market  thats a third of the countrys population, and we think we can reach out to all those areas. And you know, of course, we do have backhaul transport that takes us back in the Appalachian area into the Columbia pricing locations, so thats a lot of market. We think we have accessbetter access than most producers in northeast PA. Geographically, were situated very well. I think the southwest PA producers have opportunity in the Gulf Coast. We have not ruled out, though, and are talking with markets in the Gulf Coast about transportation paths and how our Marcellus gas can fit in with their plans.
Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs: Thanks. And Dan, a very quick last question  can you comment on share repurchase?
Dan Dinges: For share repurchase, we have not been in the market yet, Brian. We haveas weve mentioned, weve evaluated the noise in this very short period of time from our last conference call. Weve been active in preparing a rather lengthy internal look at the future on all of our projects, opportunities and sensitivities, on accelerated projects, on price point sensitivities, on the macro market. Weve spent a great deal of internal time focused on that. We have our board meeting coming up. Its our intent to have some of this played out at our board meeting. But in the meantime, looking at the market and looking at the swings in the market, as Id said earlier, the volatility is going to dissipate a little bit before we get into the market, but it is my expectation still that we will be in the market at some point.
Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice. Please go ahead.
Charles Meade  Johnson Rice: Good morning gentlemen, and thanks for taking my questions. Dan, I was wondering if we could go back a bit to some of your prepared remarks, your comments about the assumptions you were making for the 2015 growth. I believe I heard you say that the 20 to 30% growth rate is predicated on 2Bcf gross a day in 15. When I look at your growth, it seems that you probably hit that in 1Q 15 or maybe 2Q 15. Is that a fair guess, or are you thinking that youre going to be 2Bcf flat?
Dan Dinges: Well no, thats a fair guess; and again, its an early guidance. We typically put our guidance out later in the year. Weve had enough questions and concern attached with what our confidence level is in our growth profile. We wanted to get it out there, and as I mentioned in my comments, Charles, that we are entirely comfortable at this level of growth. If you just look at our exit rate that we anticipate in 14 and you carry that forward into 15, you can get within that fairway of 20 to 30% growth in 15, and thats why I added to the comments that it may prove to be conservative at that level.
Charles Meade  Johnson Rice: Right, right. And also as you noted, youd have free cash even at a 350 realized, and I think with all themaybe another cut at Brian Singers question, youve talked a bit about what your posture is  and this may be too far down the road  but youve talked a bit about what your posture is right now. But as you go into a year from now or even nine months from now when Constitutionyou know, the pipes in the ground and you get more confidence about what your 16 growth is going to look like, thats where youre really going to have
Dan Dinges: Some opportunities.
Charles Meade  Johnson Rice: Yeah, yeah. So is that the time frame when you think that when youre doing all this internal work right now, is it really the time to pounce is going to be about 12 months from now?
Dan Dinges: Well weand the reason for the extended look and being more granular at our extended look was to stack up all of the opportunities that we had in front of us and that we have in front of us, and to look at the planning that we want to do right now in moving forward to, one, be able to have the right staffing; two, to be able to plan for the right services and personnel to be able to assure program execution to be able to achieve those levels. We know the assets can deliver; were entirely comfortable with our asset pool and the results of our wells and our consistency of cost in drilling wells, but we do want to put together the whole program in alets say a more detailed fashion than we have in the past. Were excited about when we stack up all these opportunities and it looks at the new markets that were going to be able to access and making some of the assumptions that you do on price points that were getting to with our new gas, its a robust program.
Charles Meade  Johnson Rice: Thanks for those added comments, Dan.
Dan Dinges: Thanks Charles.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Allman of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Allman  JP Morgan: Thank you, good morning everybody. So Dan, are you expecting in 2015 that you will have quarterly growth through 2015, or youre not expecting it at this point? And if that is your expectation, give us what gives you the confidence in terms of arent the pipes full? You know, how can you actually move the gas?
Dan Dinges: Well, I think youve seen eachand Ill pitch it to Jeff after I make a comment, but I think youve seen in just about each quarterly conference call, we come out and announce some type of capacity additions that weve added to the plan. We think well be able to continue to do that. In regard to just keeping the production flat and what it is quarterly, right now, Joe, our expectation is 2Bcf and whether we go from a 1.8, 1.9Bcf a day to a 2.1Bcf a day to the end of the year, Im comfortable at saying the average is going to be 2Bcf-plus, and how it rolls through the year is going to be sequential growth but I dont have it that granular at this time. And Jeff, you want to make
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes. Joe, this is Jeff. I think two parts to your question  one, if I understood correctly, shorter term versus longer term. In shorter term, we tried to lay out in the speech that we have picked up additional capacity that was existing capacity on Millennium  70,000 last month and an incremental 150 coming up. We laid out a plan that actually connects our infrastructure in Pennsylvania to the states largest utility up there, and we have already entered into sales agreements with them. Theres additional capacity coming up on all the pipes that we operate on, so shorter term when I say next 18 months, were not in the same camp as what you refer to as arent all the pipes full. We are not in that camp. Longer term is definitely Constitution, a big 30-inch pipe that is going to take us to two new marketsor three new markets, two new interstates, and the central Penn part of Atlantic Sunrise, and those big 30-inch pipes are coming out of operating area so we feel real good about Years 3, 4 and 5 from now that well be able to grow.
Joe Allman  JP Morgan: Have you guys put in some cushion for any shut-ins or any downtime? I think last year, you had some shut-ins.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we typically always risk our production profile, as we do with our EURs and as we also put in a little bit of contingency in our AFEs. 
Joe Allman  JP Morgan: Got you. Hey Scott, alsoI mean, a separate question, this might be for Scott. The DD&A showed a nice drop from the fourth quarter to the first quarter on a Mcfe basis. What should we read from that nice drop in DD&A?
Scott Schroeder: Well, thats the year-end true-up, Joe, from all the final year-end reserve reports and when our property accountants go through and repopulate the database, and thats the rate going forward now; and thats why we also adjusted the top end of the guidance down.
Joe Allman  JP Morgan: Okay great, very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I was wondering if I could change topics just a wee bit, Dan, onto the Eagle Ford. Obviously youre adding a rig there now, but Im just curious as to how youre seeing the backlog, the location count, and ultimately how more aggressive do you think you can be over time in terms of acreage opportunities and ultimately continuing to shift the balance of your spending towards that area. And Ive got a quick follow-up on the Marcellus, please.
Dan Dinges: Okay, Doug. Yeah, again, as you saw the numbers and as we reported, theyre good numbers. They are meeting or exceeding our expectations to continue to allocate capital. We feel comfortable allocating the third rig. We feel comfortable being able to acquire additional acreage to bolt on. Our location count in the Eagle Ford is probably 500, 600 locations or so, and that certainly includes our Presidio area also. So once we get our arms around this third rig, I think its intuitive to think that we would also look at an expanded program and possibly to a fourth rig also in the Eagle Ford, particularly as we continue to acquire acreage. 
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So how should we think about the priority for allocating cash, thinking Marcellus, Eagle Ford and buybacks, if you could deal with those three in some kind of order, and maybe acreage acquisitions added in there as well.
Dan Dinges: Well, on the capital allocation to the Marcellus, we have put together a six-rig program and basically a two-rig or two-crew completion pumping services, and were rolling that forward with that program. So from a bottoms-up build, that gives us a pretty good handle in our cost consistency there, it gives us a good handle on the amount of capital necessary to allocate to achieve that program. When you look at the Eagle Ford and we go to a three-well program, thats a fairly easy number to get to also on what wed be allocating. From a priority standpoint, our operations program is where were going to be allocating a program as opposed to a share buyback. But when you look at going to a split, well probably be, again, 65% plus or minus to the Marcellus in 14 as a year-end guesstimate, and the rest will be allocated to the Eagle Ford and some of the other projects that we have on the slate that are more exploratory in nature. Going into our 15 program, again, we havent put the capital allocation out there right yet, but going into the 15 program I would think that our capital allocation would go into a 55% plus or minus, 60% plus or minus in the Marcellus and the remainder going towards the Eagle Ford and the additional exploratory projects or exploitation projects that were working on.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I dont suppose that youd like to elaborate on any of those additional projects at this point, Dan?
Dan Dinges: Nice try, Doug.
Doug Leggate  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Gil Yang of Discern. Please go ahead.
Gil Yang  Discern: Good morning. I was just wondering in terms of the visibility for capacity additions to get to that 2Bcf, how far along are you in negotiations or whats the visibility on those specific projects? Do you have them in mind, theyre on a checklist, or is it more advanced than that or less advanced than that in terms of your targeting for those incremental adds?
Jeffrey Hutton: Sure, Gil. I think for the most part were close, and well take a few pieces of capacity were working with other shippers on toyou know, just to make sure in getting to that comfort zone that we have exactly what we need. Going forward, it looks very favorable. Were not concerned about not flowing that amount of gas.
Gil Yang  Discern: Great, okay. And then a second question on the Eagle Ford  the counties that the six-well pad was on andcan you comment on that? Those are some of the best wells youve drilled, at least on a test basis. Would you assign that to the pad drilling and pad fracking, or is there something different going on in either the geology or the completion design thats helping?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, the majority of our acreage is in Frio County. We have the extended lateralas far as a pad, one, it was the largest number of wells weve drilled from one pad on average for wells located in close proximity. It is certainly the longest laterals that we have used. The density or spacing of the frack stages came down a little bit also from our average of our prior wells, and in fact we will probably have a little bit further reduction in our frack stage spacing as we roll forward to evaluate the efficiency gains that we might be able to derive from that.
Gil Yang  Discern: What was the stage spacing that youI think I can figure it out, because you use 25 stages, so thats
Dan Dinges: Yeah, so its a little over 250.
Gil Yang  Discern: And what was it prior to that?
Dan Dinges: We were probably closer to 275 to 300.
Gil Yang  Discern: Okay, great. Thank you very much, Dan.
Operator: Our next question is from Subash Chandra of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Subash Chandra  Jefferies: Thanks, good morning. I was trying to understand the size of the term market that was in your initial discussion that might be reflecting storage refill demand, and how predictable that term market might be, how it fits into your growth profile, if at all.
Jeffrey Hutton: This is Jeff again. I think the comment we made about the storage refill was just to indicate how strong daily cash prices have been up in the northeast part of the Marcellus. Comparatively speaking, cash has been very strong for the last month or so, and were expecting the cash market to stay strong throughout the storage refill period. That has led to an improvement in the term market, being the summer market, maybe the one-year market, maybe going out the next couple years for basis differentials in finite term contracts. As little as six weeks, eight weeks ago, the summer on certain price was trading $1.75 under NYMEX, for example. Today, thats probably $1 under NYMEX, so there has been strength in the marketplace for the term business aspect, and it looks like its going to continue.
Subash Chandra  Jefferies: I guess to put it another way, the spot market/interruptibles, how big is that, and how can you take advantage of that on a sort of ongoing basis  for instance, these cash sales, can you grow above and beyond the firm? I think everyone looks at the presentation, they see the firm, and they just sort of expect that you cant produce a single molecule over on top of that. There was a company yesterday whose strategy is not to tie up firm because they believethey're in a different part of the play, but they believe that the Marcellus will be over-infrastructured within 18 months. They dont want to lock up that way. So how do we sort of get that confidence that there is thatyou know, a cash market or some sort of interruptible market beyond the firm on Page 5 of your presentation?
Jeffrey Hutton: Okay, a couple points on that. I think there is a chance that infrastructure could be over-built in 18 months or two years  I would agree with that in both southwest PA and northeast PA. We have taken an approach where we have tied up certain volumes of our gas  and this is, again, on the website presentation  certain volumes of our gas into long-term contracts, and those long-term contracts, those customers are using their firm transport, their firm takeaway to take that gas to their city gates.  The second approach was to purchase firm transport, and again those numbers are available to you on the presentation. Those volumes arewe control, and we move those molecules to certain locations for better pricing, of course. And then the third aspect of our marketing approach has been to enter into spot sales  those are typically 30-day sales, summer sales April through October, winter period sales November through March, (indiscernible) gas cash sales. And I dont think were unlike a lot of producers  we have a portfolio of options, and thats our approach to marketing each month. The producer that you mentioned, or Ive heard that producers areor some producers say simply, we will produce our gas to the amount of firm we own. Weve taken a little different approach to that. Were looking at all aspects of the market opportunities that are sitting there in front of us, and I think for the most part, we have a little advantage in that were delivering gas to three major interstate pipelines. Were not married to one, and the infrastructure that weve designed gives us flexibility to move gas between those pipelines based on pricing and pipeline pressures. And with the addition of Constitution, its going to take us, of course, to Interstates No. 4 and 5 and then Atlantic Sunrise to Interstate 6 and 7. So having seven interstate markets and again attached to one of the largest utilities, or the largest utility in the state, gives us a lot more options and opportunities.
Subash Chandra  Jefferies: Okay. If I could ask one last question on the matter, and Ill promise to jump off, so the three paths thereyou know, long-term contracts to those with firm, purchase your own firm, and spot, is there a way to quantify perhaps on an annual basis how big that spot market is for you specifically, or for the sector?
Jeffrey Hutton: That would be difficult, and Ill explain why. I think the buyers of gas, both industrials and utilities, theyre all different. They all take different approaches and they all have different buying habits, purchasing habits. When you throw in the mix of power plants, then it really gets confusing as to whos using what capacity on what day to get to what market. For the most part, we have very consistent day sales. We knowwe have markets that count on us for gas, and I think other producers take the same approach; but to quantify who is using what on what day during what period of time during the year would be difficult.
Subash Chandra  Jefferies: Okay, understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers Investments. Please go ahead.  
Jeffrey Campbell  Tuohy Brothers Investments : Good morning. Dan, it appears its taking at least three months to get a new rig running in the Eagle Ford. Is that based on internal capital logistics or is that based on rig availability?
Dan Dinges: No, its based on us just getting the locations in order, the permits squared, and our services all lined up, but its not because of rig availability.
Jeffrey Campbell  Tuohy Brothers Investments: Okay. And kind of thinking forward on that locations point, with the addition of the third rig, is the strategy to execute the longer lateral, closer spacing method throughout the aerial extent of your acreage, or are you concentrating on a core area?
Dan Dinges: No, our wells are fairly scattered throughout our area, so the intent is to continue to try to capture the efficiencies by multi-pad, longer laterals, frack stage density. We think that were gainingmaking progress on that, and that will be throughout our acreage.
Jeffrey Campbell  Tuohy Brothers Investments: Okay. Yeah, that was what I wanted to hear. My last question is assuming youve reached free cash flow in 2015, will you seek to maintain free cash flow going forward from that point?
Dan Dinges: Well, I think by virtue of our growth expectations, I definitely think that we will.
Jeffrey Campbell  Tuohy Brothers Investments: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Brackett of Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Bob Brackett  Sanford Bernstein: Hi, good morning. A quick question about Marcellus inventory. Can you give us an idea of how many wells you have drilled uncompleted, how many wells completed waiting tie-in, and maybe even if you didnt have midstream constraints, what your flows could look like?
Dan Dinges: Okay. On the well side, we have about 22 wells that are waiting on pipeline. We have five wells that we are currently completing, and we have 24 wells that are waiting on completion. So we have a pretty good backlog right now; and again, we knew that we would be building up quite a backlog at this period of time, and from this point forward were going to be moving through those and working those numbers down.
Bob Brackett  Sanford Bernstein: And what could your system run if there wasnt a midstream constraint?
Dan Dinges: I dont know. We haveI cant think of a day when I look at my daily drilling report, I cant think of a day that we have not seen a compressor down or a dehy down, or something like that. Thats just the nature of the beast, and theres just a lot of moving parts and a large gathering infrastructure system like that. So itd be rate speculation, but Im sure it would beyou know, weve hit over 1.5Bcf. I think the record was 1.538 or something close to that. Im sure if we had things just humming along and we had the compressors tuned up the way we want them, wed be well over 1.6Bcf a day.
Bob Brackett  Sanford Bernstein: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jack Aydin of Keybanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets: Hey Dan, hi group. How are you guys?
Dan Dinges: Good.
Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets: How many frack stages do you have waiting? And then Im lookingyou know, youre going to drill about 155 to 170 wells, and lots of those coming maybe in the second half of the year. So I run the numbers in a way, your 2015 guidance granted has some upside, but it looks like quite conservative maybe. Could you
Dan Dinges: Yeah. Well, we haveagain, we haveas I mentioned, the number of wells that we are either completing, waiting on pipeline, or waiting on completion, its 51 wells and thats probably over 1,400 stages, Jack, right now that we have in the queue. So the good news is that weve been able to continue our production profile, weve been able to sequentially grow, though slightly. Weve been able to sequentially grow our production from last quarter, and we did it with only bringing onwith eight wells that we brought on for the quarter. Were going to double the amount of wells that we bring on in the second quarter, and we will continue to increase the number of wells that we plan on bringing on in the third quarter and fourth quarter from what we realized in the first and second quarter. So we are going to go into 15 in very good shape as far as what we think our production profile will be, and what we plan on still having remaining in inventory. We are in good shape. I feel very good about it, and because of our efficiencies that weve been able to gain with the drill time and continue doing good along those lines, thats why we made the decision to only have six rigs versus having to increase the number of rigs there.
Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets: Second question  you have the permit in West Virginia in Wood County. What are you really looking for there? Are you looking for the Point Pleasant in that test, potential test, or what other things you feel that you have there?
Dan Dinges: Oh, bottom line Jack, were looking for oil and gas. We are extending a look at the play south where the drilling has been, and we think our fairway is in the volatile window and we think that we have an opportunity there. So yes, that is the sectionone of the sections that were looking at.
Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Beard of Iberia. Please go ahead.
David Beard  Iberia: Hi, good morning gentlemen. 
Dan Dinges: Good morning. How are you doing, David?
David Beard  Iberia: Good, good. Could you give us a sense in your 2015 production guidance what your assumptions are for transportation, or maybe just in general what youre thinking about the differentials as we roll through next year? 
Dan Dinges: Well, the differentials are a hard number to get. We think that the differential is going to be somewhat similar to what were experiencing today. On our production guidance, weve had some discussion on the capacity that we now maintain firm, transportation, firm sales and the additional capacity that we expect to add to our inventory. As Jeff mentioned, to get to the 2Bcf level, its probably 100 million, 150 million of additional work or capacity or sales that we would realize in addition to our firm that would get us to the 2Bcf mark.
David Beard  Iberia: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Portillo of TPH. Please go ahead.
Matt Portillo  Tudor Pickering Holt : Good morning guys. Just a quick question  wanted to clarify, I heard a lot of great detail on the kind of capacity you guys have signed up or are looking to sign up. Could you just put that into context relative to the presentation you guys had out a couple months ago where you laid out kind of your 2015 firm capacity at, I think, about 1.1Bcf a day. Could you just give us some color of how much thats changed on a relative basis, and where we sit at the moment?
Jeffrey Hutton: Sure, Matt. This is Jeff. It definitely has improved on thethe numbers have improved somewhat from that presentation. I wouldnt say theyve improved a great deal. We have a lot of deals that were working on that were close to racking up. We have some opportunities that we know that are out there that were close to racking up. Probably the biggest number add to the slide is our new capacity into the utility there in northeast PA, and now that will be added to that chart at some point.
Matt Portillo  Tudor Pickering Holt: Great. And then as we think about kind of your 2015 guidance, could you give us some rough color on how you guys think aboutI know youve laid out lighty and Zone 4 previously, and its about 45% or so of your 14 production in terms of exposure there. How does that look kind of currently in 2015, just from a rough estimate perspective?
Dan Dinges: I havent broken that out. We can get back to you on that on an exact percentage, but were going to be growing the production so that number will probably increase slightly. Ill have to get back, and Im sure youll see it, Matt, in one of our future presentations once we get more granular on our 15 guidance.
Matt Portillo  Tudor Pickering Holt: Perfect. And then just last question for me  was hoping that you could talk a little bit about the organic leasing opportunity you see today within the Eagle Ford, and then any appetite in regards to M&A in the basin. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Okay, Matt. Organic leasing  it is what it is. We continue to talk to owners of the unleased acreage out there, and we think theres an opportunity to pick up additional acreage. As far as M&A activity in the basin, I think there are some opportunities to pick up some small professionals that own acreage out there, and if the opportunity arises wed look at it. Some of the pricing that weve seen in the M&A side of the business has been fairly robust, and we think the capital efficiency of our organic approach is more prudent for us at this stage.
Matt Portillo  Tudor Pickering Holt: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Wayne Cooperman of Cobalt Capital. Please go ahead.
Wayne Cooperman  Cobalt Capital: Im sure that this has been asked 100 ways, but Im just wonderingyou know, people are really worried about pricing. I wonder what price do you see where you cut back production and just wait until you get better pricing with better takeaway? I dont know if Im phrasing that question in a way that I can get an answer.
Dan Dinges: Well Wayne, it is hard to pick a price that you say that youre going to just shut in production, particularly with the yield that we get from a fairly low price point. Butso Im not going to state just a price that were going to shut in, but if the market looks like its behaving in a way that it would be prudent for us to shut in gas today and sell it near term, then we look at that. But we dont have any plans right now to shut in any large volumes of gas with the market that we see out in front of us.
Wayne Cooperman  Cobalt Capital: Let me just try to rephrase that a little bit differently, then. We all know the gas is there  I mean, you have the best rock in the country, probably, and youve got a takeaway capacity right now thats going to get alleviated, and therefore the differentials that youre seeing now should dissipate over time. Isnt theredont you earn more money by producing less gas now, selling at a low price, and just producing more gas in two years? I mean, youre going to get much closer to Henry hub.
Dan Dinges: Well, I think there is an equation you can run, Wayne, that would get you to that point; but at this stage, again, our realization was 374 for this last quarter, and we are delivering a good return. Were putting that capital to use thats delivering, again, a return profile, for example adding the third rig in the Eagle Ford, that is generating a nice return with those invested dollars. But I do understand your question and certainly its an equation that we can run; for example, if we were getting close to flipping the switch on Constitution and it was just a significant blowout and somebody wanted us to move gas for a buck, were not going to move it for a buck. Well wait to open the capacity of Constitution and start selling our gas into a different market that would not be realizing those prices. So I understand your question and theres merit to it, its just right now
Wayne Cooperman  Cobalt Capital: And is there someis there some price-limiting factor to how low a price can go in your market, or youre kind ofI mean, theres really nothing to stop it from trading at a dollar or two in a bad part of the market.
Dan Dinges: Well, I think if you look at all of the producers out there, were not the only one selling into these markets. When you look at the amount of gas thats going into Tennessee or going into lighty, theres gasses from a lot of different price points, not just up in the box up in northeast PA but theres other gas flowing into those pipes to saturate the market. So I think there is a price out there that the industry would say, were just not going to move our gas for that. Its more valuable than that and were just not going to move it. So there is that price point. What it is exactly, $1 or $1.50, I dont know where it might be - $2? But there is certainly a price point that I think a number of producers would say, were just not going to move our gas at that price.
Wayne Cooperman  Cobalt Capital: All right, thanks a lot. Im sure everybody has got the same basic question.
Dan Dinges: Yeah. Thank you, Wayne.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Joe Allman of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Joe Allman  JP Morgan: Yeah, thanks again. So just Dan, in thinking about your ability to take on some extra capacity, if there is extra capacity in the system, why are the differentials around negative $0.70? Im just trying to get my head around that.
Dan Dinges: I try to get my head around it also, and one of the things that were looking at, and Ill pitch this to Jeff that digs deeper than I, but when you look at some of the differentials and you see how the indices are established, you have really very few contracts that are capturing volumes out there that are setting the index and what supposedly two parties, a buyer and seller, are willing to move gas for. I question the differentials and particularly the number of contracts that are steering a large volume of gas, and were looking into the transparency of all of the transactions, though right now being able to have access to a buyer and a seller, from my understanding at this stage of my look, is that those are confidential parties. But Im looking at it to try to understand it a little bit more in detail also.
Jeffrey Hutton: Yeah Joe, I think the improvement weve seen in pricing has a couple factors that have influenced it. One has been the winter. There is good price realization going on in the cash market, as we mentioned before. I think the demand and the actual people who burn the gas, at some point they come into the equation. Yes, there is excess capacity up there, but just how much more incremental demand is there at certain parts of the year? So I wouldI realize that we expected improvement in the differentials when we had a good winter, and they did improve. They didnt improve all the way up to a flat Henry hub-type number. I think were struggling to understand completely the dynamics of that.  One of the approaches for us has been to make sure that not only do we have firm transport but the firm sales, and particularly our last deal with Cove Point and Washington Gas to make sure that we actually had someone that burns the gas. I mean, having an 850 million a day, 15, 20-year contract for people that do burn it was very important to us. So yeah, I agree with you. I dont understand exactly the dynamics that would cause a $0.70 differential at this point, but it has been a big improvement over the last 60 days.
Joe Allman  JP Morgan: So how much of the incremental capacity that you expect to take over the next several months, how much of that is actually new capacity and how much of it is you actually just taking someone elses capacity? So for example, that 150 million a day from Millennium in September, thats new capacity?
Jeffrey Hutton: No, that was existing capacity, just hadnt been sold yet, orexcuse me, just hadnt been bought yet, and we bought it. The utility sales are new, incremental to us. I think there is existing capacity and there is pipe, and the way we work the system and the way the system works is the capacity that we pick up could be one-year in duration, two years, five years in duration. It could be 15 years with evergreen provisions. It could come from someone who bought it and its just red ink to them, or it could be expansion capacity. Theres a lot of deals and transactions made in the secondary capacity release market, and we continually work that. We do take capacity in short-term releases as well when they net us back our prices. So again, theres a lot of capacity in those pipes. Sometimes it takes you to places you dont want to go. Sometimes it doesnt start where you want it to start. So for all the producers in the Marcellus as a whole, theres a constant jockeying around of positions on capacities to make sure that gas flows every day and netbacks are as high as they can be. 
Joe Allman  JP Morgan: So is the only new capacity that you mention of all the different agreements that youre entering into, is the only new one the 120 million a day open season thats Millenniums having?
Jeffrey Hutton: Okay, so that capacityyou say its new. Its new the marketplace; its existing in the pipe. I mean, its confusing terms. Were out there. Weve put a bid in to take some of that capacity. We didnt want it all because some of it doesnt do us any good. And likewise when Transco went out last month with 200,000 a day of capacity for a shorter term  I think it was a nine-month term  we took part of that capacity. Its an ongoing process, and I think all the pipes use their resources to try to increase their throughput. Theyre constantly looking at ways to add capacity to the system, and as contracts get taken, it actually opens upit could open up space for paths to move in different directions. So its something that all producers and shippers and markets face on a day-to-day basis.
Joe Allman  JP Morgan: Got you, okay. Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. Id like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan Dinges: Well, I appreciate everybodys interest. Obviously the conversations regarding the movement of gas and our ability to grow is on everybodys mind. I can assure you were confident that we will be able to deliver within our guidance point; otherwise, we would not put those guidance points out. But when you look at what we have to be able to deliver in the future, were going to, I think, comfortably deliver top tier production growth, not only in the next few years but moving out. Well also have reserve growth that will be very robust. Well do it in a free cash flow environment, and that gives us certainly confidence that were going to be able to continue to enhance shareholder value on out into the future, and it certainly should give the shareholders confidence that the asset package we have will be able to deliver that value. So again, thanks for the questions and we will see you next quarter. Thank you, Emily.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending todays presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-19 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Burford - Vice President, Capital Markets and Planning Thomas Jorden - President and Chief Executive Officer Joseph Albi - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer John Lambuth - Vice President, Exploration Paul Korus - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Karen Acierno - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Brian Gamble - Simmons & Company Jeff Robertson - Barclays Abhi Sinha - Wunderlich Securities Matt Portillo - TPH Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Cimarex fourth quarter and yearend 2013 results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Burford, Vice President of Capital Markets and Planning. Mr. Burford, the floor is yours sir.
Mark Burford: Thank you very much, Mike, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter conference call. And today here in Denver, speaking will be Tom Jorden, President and CEO; Joe Albi, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; John Lambuth, Vice President, Exploration; and also present will be Paul Korus, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Karen Acierno, Director of Investor Relations. We did issue our financial and operating results this morning, a copy of which can be found on our website, along with our latest presentation, which might be you finally find useful, when I make the references to it during the call today. And I need to remind you that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. And you should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements and our latest 10-K, other filings and news releases for the risks factors associated with our business. With that, we'll have a full call. I'll get the call turned over to Tom.
Thomas Jorden: Thank you, Mark, and thank you to all of you on the lines, participating in today's conference. We sincerely appreciate your interest in Cimarex. I'd like to take a few minutes to touch on some of the highlights of the year before turning it over to John and Joe for a more detailed update. We ended 2013 with 2.5 Tcf equivalent in proved reserves, which was an 11% increase over 2012. Production was up 11% year-over-year as well and we look forward to grow roughly 13% in 2014. Because of our efforts in the Permian region, 26% of our proved reserves are now oil. Revenues reached a record $2 billion in 2013 and our debt increased to $924 million, which represents 19% of our total capitalization. Operationally, 2013 was a remarkable year for Cimarex. We saw continued high rates returns from our Bone Spring drilling in both the Mexico and Texas. We unlocked oil-prone Avalon Shale development in our Lea County, New Mexico acreage through new completion technology. And we saw opportunity in a multi-pay Wolfcamp shale expand across our Texas acreage. Without a doubt, the sheer size of Cimarex's Wolfcamp opportunity became much clear in 2013. One of the things that happened in 2013, as we saw a dramatic increase in competition in the Delaware Basin. We normally don't welcome competition, but it added a lot of data points, the information floor accelerated greatly, and the stars aligned deploying to the high-quality of Cimarex's core position in that play. We started the year with a good, but albeit fragmented opportunity in Culberson County, which was based mainly on the development of the Wolfcamp D bench. Later in the year, we proved that the Wolfcamp C and A were also productive, and in June we signed a joint development agreement with Chevron, which solidify the Culberson acreage, making it possible to test long laterals and ultimately optimize development. Simultaneously, we found multiple Wolfcamp pay across our acreage in Reeves and now Ward Count, as evidenced with today's announcement of initial 30-day production from the Worsham well, a Wolfcamp A test in Ward County. In addition, we tested long laterals and have been working on perfecting well completion by using upsized fracs and include more stages as well as higher volumes of profit. Today, we were proud to announce results from our first well that combined two. The Montrose LL 45 Unit Number 1, a Culberson County Wolfcamp D well was completed using an upsized frac with a 10,000 foot lateral and had a max 30-day rate of just over 2,800 barrel of oil equivalent per day. This is significantly higher than our original completions of Wolfcamp D wells. The Montrose looks to have an after-tax rate of return in excess of 85% and the peak 30-day rate now well may end up being even higher than what we've announced, because we haven't seen the well declining yet. This well and the opportunity it has really speaks to the opportunity that joint development agreement allows us to capitalize. In Culberson County, that entire over 100,000 acre gross position is available for full development with long laterals, and these results with long laterals and more that we're currently drilling will allow tremendous development efficiencies as we exploit this with long laterals. We're currently working to determine development parameters in Culberson and Reeves County. We have four separate spacing pilots underway and each tends to go along way and giving Cimarex the information we need to begin Wolfcamp development in 2015. And we look forward to sharing those results with you as we go. One of the things that you see as you look at Cimarex is we try to stay disciplined and when we talk about 30-day results, and with some of these wells we've had to kind of restrain ourselves, because the initial flow back has been extremely encouraging. As we look ahead, I think I can speak up for the entire executive team, we're very proud of our organization. We're proud of the way our organization is adapting to a changing business for doing multiyear planning for acquiring the science we need in order to make prudent development decisions in the future or building and identifying the infrastructure we'll need for future years. And really organizing and performing in a way that will allow us to optimally exploit this tremendous resource that we control. You're going to see some detail here in the comments that Joe and John make. And with that, I'll turn it over to John Lambuth to discuss those details.
John Lambuth: Thanks, Tom. I'd like to quickly cover some of the highlights of our overall program before getting in to the Permian region. I'll then finish with our Mid-Continent drilling program. Cimarex had a busy 2013, we drilled and completed 365 wells during the year, investing nearly $1.6 billion, 65% of that was invested in Permian region and over 30% in the Mid-Continent region. In 2014, we estimate capital expenditures to be $1.8 billion, up over $200 million from 2013, a result of the continuous success we've had in the Permian region. Speaking of the Permian, in the fourth quarter we drilled 43 wells bringing our total wells to 175 for the year, which equates to 115 net wells contributing to our growing production and reserve base. Throughout 2013, our drilling was focused on the Bone Spring and Wolfcamp formations in the Delaware Basin. The 2013 Bone Spring program included 18 net wells in the Mexico and Texas. Results continue to be good, generating some of the company's highest rate of return with oil volumes representing up to 84% of the first 30-day production. The 2014 program looks to provide similar returns on the $375 million of invested capital plan for the year. Although our inventory of Third Bone Spring wells in Ward County is dwindling, we continue to have about a 200 location inventory Bone Springs, which equates to about two year inventory of drilling. These locations identify throughout our acreage in the Mexico and in Culberson County, where we've identified a thick highly productive Second Bone Spring sand. Moving to the Wolfcamp, as Tom mentioned, 2013 was an exciting year. With the drilling of 26 wells we worked our whole acreage, while adding production from five new Wolfcamp zones, the Wolfcamp A and C in Culberson; the Wolfcamp A and the B/C zone in Reeves; and the Wolfcamp A in Ward County; all of this at very attractive rates of return. In addition, we tested the long lateral concept and have worked to optimize completions with upsized fracs. To illustrate, I'd like to direct you to Slide 12, in our latest Corporate Update posted on our website. This graph compares to traditional Wolfcamp D completion with our first upsized frac, the Tim Tam well. As you can see, not only has the upside frac had an impact on the initial production and initial decline rate, but most importantly on the returns. Investing additional $700,000 increased this before tax internal rate return from 30% to 77% and NPV10 more than doubled from $4 million to $10.7 million. Now, in fairness this well has only been on production for five months. However, two additional wells using the same frac design have been completed in Wolfcamp D with similar results to that Tim Tam. The Montrose well announced today, which has a 30-day IP of 2,800 barrels of oil equivalent, incorporates both long lateral and upsized frac technologies. This 10,000 foot lateral was completed with 36 frac stages. We have another 10,000 foot lateral flowing back now in Culberson that was completed using 43 stages. The product mix on the Montrose well is 765 barrels of oil, 7.5 million cubic feet of gas and 65 barrels of NGL, assuming full recovery. It's a fantastic well. About half of our Permian drilling capital in 2014 or about $685 million will go toward further delineation of Cimarex's Wolfcamp opportunity on the 180,000 net acres we have currently identified as perspective for the Wolfcamp. This includes down spacing pilots and wells drilled to hold acreage. I'd like to briefly take you through the design of the pilot we have currently underway. You can see an illustration of them on Pages 15 and 16 in the presentation. In Culberson County we have two pilots underway. One is testing the concept of producing from lateral stack in the Wolfcamp C and D. These two wells are currently waiting on completion, which is scheduled to begin in late March. The second Culberson pilot is designed to test 80 acre down spacing in the Wolfcamp D. This is a four well pilot and the wells are currently drilling with a completion date schedule for May. We also have two pilots drilling in Reeves County, both are down spacing pilot and both are in the Wolfcamp A. One of the four well 80 acre pilot similar to the one in the Wolfcamp D in Culberson, while the second one will test a 106 acre spacing, which is equivalent to six wells of section as well as testing the liability of stacking laterals in the thick Wolfcamp A section. Lastly, in the Permian, Cimarex has added Avalon drilling to its portfolio for 2014, and we plan to invest upon a $150 million drilling Avalon wells this year. Avalon has become perspective, because of the redesigned completion technique we tested in 2013. It is an upsized frac design that includes more stages, higher volumes of profits and adding 100 mesh to the mix. The five Avalon wells drilled in 2013 had average 30-day IP of 1,080 barrels of oil equivalent per day with over 700 barrels per day of oil. We plan to drill another 15 to 20 wells this year and identify over 200 potential locations on our acreage. Now, onto the Mid-Continent. The Cana-Woodford Shale play continuous to account for the lion share of our Mid-Continent activity. In 2013, we participated in a 149 Cana-Woodford wells completing 52 net wells. CapEx in 2013 totaled about $400 million in Cana and will drop to about $250 million in 2014 as our partner has suspended drilling activities in Cana to focus on other opportunities for the time being. Of that $250 million, Cimarex plans to spend about $200 million will be used for drilling and completion activities, including approximately $60 million for drilling new wells and $140 million on completions of wells drilled in 2013 and 2014. Of note, the success we've experienced with the upsize fracs in the Permian is now been tested in Cana. The most recent set of completions included four wells that were fraced using 20 stages. We are at the initial stages of the flow back of these wells, but early indications are very encouraging. As planned in January, we move two of our operated rigs from Cana to the Permian, leaving two operated rigs working in the Cana region. With that I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
Joseph Albi: Thank you, John, and thank you all for joining our call today. I'll touch on usual items, our 2013 production. I'll talk about our 2014 and first quarter of production outlooks, and then I'll follow-up with a few words on our operating and service cost. While we closed out Q4, reporting average net daily production for the quarter of 704.5 million equivalents a day. That came in about as expected, after accounting for the late November and early December whether in pipeline shutting impacts that we reported to you in our December press release. And as we're all aware, we've had an extremely cold winter this year, and its impacts on our production, not only impacted us in Q4, but also a flowed a little bit into Q1, albeit not to the extent we saw at the end of last year. And I'll touch on Q1 here in a minute. With Q4 coming in at 704.5 million a day, our full year 2013 average net daily equivalent production equated to 692.6 million a day. That was above the midpoint of our beginning year guidance, which if you recall, we gave and issued at 680 million to 700 million a day. It was also a record for the company and an increase of over 11% over 2012. As you recall, we had some property sales at the end of 2012, which if we incorporated that into our numbers for 2013, as the impact of that, we were up 13% over 2012 and we're pretty proud of that statistic. With our focus on the Permian, our 2013 oil production jump to a record 36,659 barrels a day. That's up 17% from 2012, and if we adjust that for those yearend 2012 property sales, our Permian oil was up a very respectable, 23%. As expected our Permian activity drove our production growth with our 2013 Permian equivalent volumes averaging 319.9 million a day. That's up 56.2 million a day or 21% over 2012. On an oil equivalent basis, that's an increase of nearly 9,400 BOEs per day. As John and Tom both mentioned, our Delaware Wolfcamp and Bone Spring programs turned out some great results during the year and they're showing up in our numbers. Our 2013 Permian new drills added equivalent production of over 114 million cubic feet equivalents per day, that's an addition of 19,000 BOEs per day to our production for the year. With our Texas and New Mexico Bone Spring program making up about 80% of that wedge and the Wolfcamp program making up the balance. With our continued focus in Cana, we also saw a production grow in the Mid-Continent during the year. With our 2013 Mid-Continent net equivalent production coming in at 346.2 million a day, that's up 7% over 2012. The majority of our '13 Mid-Continent activity was, in fact in Cana, which bumped our 2013 Cana average production up to 221.9 million a day, that's up 42.7 million a day from 2012, and again another 24% jump. So significant production increases in both Cana and in Permian, with that being the focus of our activity. So as we look forward into 2014, our updated model continues to support our beginning year 2014 guidance projection of 760 million to 800 million a day and that corresponds to a 10% to 16% growth rate over 2013. And as was the case in 2013, our projected growth is expected to come from the Permian, where we're directing nearly 80% of our 2014 capital. We'll have the strong focus on the Wolfcamp in the Permian this year, and as such we anticipate the Wolfcamp to be the dominant contributor to our 2014 drilling wedge. Similar to the profile we saw last year, from a total company standpoint, our forecasted production this year calls for production ramp-up post Q1. Our first quarter net equivalent daily volumes are forecasted to average between 696 million and 700 million cubic feet equivalents per day. That's in essence flat to Q4. Well, there is couple of things at work here. First, our Q1 volumes incorporate a reduction of about 13 million to 15 million a day for recent weather-related downtime and the plant shutdown of our Triple Crown pipeline facility in Culberson County. We're excited to get started on the work in Triple Crown. We're going to be enhancing the liquid recovery capabilities of the system, to better conform to new delivery points of the central portion of the system, and also to help protect against future line freezes like we've seen over the last two winters. Also limiting our first quarter volumes is the initiation of the four Wolfcamp spacing pilots that John mentioned. We have the two in Reeves County and two also in Culberson County. Combined, these four projects comprise a total of 16 wells. Our plan is to grow the wells in each pilot first, and then complete the wells in each pilot, once drilling has been completed. And as such, none of these 16 wells will have first sales until the second quarter. Also with varying working interest in the wells that we drill, the overall timing of total company net completions has been varying quarter-to-quarter. And taking this into account for both the Permian and the Cana areas, our total company net well completions just dropped from an average of 17 net wells per month in Q3 '13 to 10.5 net wells completed per month in Q4, and we're projecting to increase that number of completions from back up to our Q3 '13 levels here in late Q1 and Q2. So the bottomline to all this is, is similar to the production profile we exhibited last year, we're projecting 2014 growth to take foot in the mid-to-late Q2. Jumping now over to our operating cost. Our Q4 lifting cost came in at $1.11 per Mcfe, that was at the low end of our full year guidance range of $1.11 to $1.16, right in line with our Q1 '13 average of $1.17, our Q2 '13 average of $1.11, and our Q3 '13 average of $1.15. And with that our full year 2013 lifting cost settled in at a $1.13 per Mcfe, that's flat with 2012, despite the cost pressures we've seen in items such as SWD, compression, power, fuel, rentals, et cetera. Especially in the Permian, where we're generally seeing higher operating expenses for items such as lift, compression and water disposal. With our focus on LOE over the last three years, we've been able to fight off those pressures, while reducing our Permian lifting cost from $1.88 per Mcfe in 2011 to $1.50 in 2012, and now down to $1.48 in 2013. So across the board, our production team has done just a great job of keeping our operating expenses in check. As we look forward into 2014 with our continued focus in the Permian and our overall focus primarily on liquids growth, we're projecting our 2014 lifting cost to fall in a range of $1.12 to $1.22. A few words on service cost. First with regard to drilling cost. With tools, equipment and services readily available in each of our programs, we continue to see most costs components stay relatively in check. Day rates appear to be in the same boat, although we are seeing the market for top-drive rigs tighten up a bit from last quarter. With these costs somewhat flat, our drilling group has made great strides to reduce our drilling cost through program efficiencies, especially in the Permian, where our continued focus on bit technology and rotary steerable drilling has helped us cut our AFE drilling days over the last year in each one of our programs, the Texas and New Mexico Bone Spring program, the Avalon program and the Wolfcamp program. On the completion side, we've had no difficulty securing frac equipment or crude, and we continue to experiment, as John mentioned with different frac designs. In general, through operating efficiencies, and I need to mention the efforts of our service providers, we've enabled to capitalize on stable to softening service and material cost in order to help offset some of the cost that we've been seeing with the larger jobs that we've pumped. In Cana, after years of program drilling, we continue to see performance and cost improvement during 2013, cutting our growing cost per foot by 25% from the levels we saw in 2012. And with that our current core AFEs are now running in a range of $6.3 million to $6.9 million, again that's primarily depending on the size of our frac. In the Permian, our Second and Third New Mexico Bone Spring AFEs continue to run in the range of $5.7 million to $6.5 million, depending on debt. That's down about $400,000 to $500,000 from where we were a year ago. Our shallower Texas Second Bone Spring AFEs are holding flat at $5.1 million. That's also down about $500,000 from a year ago. And our West Texas third Bone Spring AFEs continue to hold flat at $6.4 million to $6.5 million. That's well below the $7.5 million that we were incurring back in 2012. In the Wolfcamp, we're gaining some traction with program efficiencies. As an example on Culberson, we've seen our average days to TD for 4,500 foot Wolfcamp lateral, dropped from 39 days in 2012 to 33 days in 2013. We have seen the same improvement in the Reeves Ward County areas with our Wolfcamp average days to TD again for 4,500 foot lateral dropping from 28 days in 2012 to 22 days in 2013. That said, we're still in the very early stages of program drilling the Wolfcamp. Especially, when considering the broad geographical area that we're testing with the play, extending itself from Southern Eddy in New Mexico down into Culberson, and then over to the east into Reeves and Ward Counties. As such, we're obviously excited about the progress we've been making, but we are also seeing, potential gains still yet to be made as we get more wells under our belt. As John mentioned, we've upsized our completions into Wolfcamp and we've seen some vary favorable results. Those upsized completions are running us anywhere from $600,000 to $700,000 per well. And incorporating those costs, our current generic Wolfcamp AFEs are now running in the range of $8 million to $8.5 million, with our Culberson County wells, falling on the higher end of that range, and our Reeves, Ward County wells on the lower end. As we continue to experiment with long laterals, we are projecting our 10,000 foot Wolfcamp laterals and Reeves County to run into $13 million to $14 million range and that's solely depending on our whole design configuration. If we drill a 7,500 foot lateral, we'll probably take about $2.5 million off those numbers. Again, we're still in the very early stages of not only the Wolfcamp, but drilling these long laterals and our drilling team is pretty excited about creating the efficiencies that we've seen in other programs as we continue to drill more of them. In closing, we had a great 2013. Our programs are doing great. We saw record 2013 production. Our LOEs in check and development cost continue to head in the right direction, great momentum to start-off 2014. Reiterating what tom said, part of our growth last year was helping our organization grow together to develop these program plays from just finding the locations, to drilling them ,to producing them and putting the infrastructure in place and then the overall administration of the program. So we'd made great progress. And we're very proud of the organization. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question we have comes from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: In your opening remarks, you talked about multiyear development planning, just hoping you could talk about Culberson County to begin with, I guess going through, how long you need to hold your acreage there? How many wells that entails? When you might be able to be drill more Wolfcamp A wells, and I guess, also when do you think you might be drilling more of those 10,000 foot laterals?
Thomas Jorden: Well, Drew, this is Tom. We are indeed looking at a multiyear time horizon and we have to. I mean, we've got decisions to make today that will impact 2018, 2019. We have to collect the science and do the spacing pilots in order to come up with prudent development plans. We don't know what ultimate spacing will be. I mean John talked about 80 acre spacing. He talked about 105 acre spacing. Today, we can't tell you that it's not 40 acre spacing. We just don't know until we go out there and test it. And we're looking carefully at competitors, but right now we're not throwing a lot of spacing pilots going on the Delaware Basin, other than our four. We have one competitor doing another space pilot issue, but we're having to create these data points to setup our out years. So we have to do the science required for out year developments. We have to build the infrastructure and we have to club the financing plan. So we are looking at that year at out years. You asked about Culberson County, overall in the Basin, we're on a glide path to hold all of our acreage, certainly all of that we see perspective, which is darn near every acres. And that's a very manageable program. If we do the minimum, it would probably be $350 million a year for the next few years, but we're accelerating that and we'll front load that, so we can get that held earlier. Your question also was about Culberson County and Wolfcamp A, Wolfcamp C, Wolfcamp D. It depends by large on the lease. Some of our leases, we can hold all Wolfcamp with one well, so we can choose the zone. Other leases, we have to drill the deepest target first in order to hole the deepest interval, but a lot's changed since we have gone into this project, and one of which there was a day when we would have said, we think the Wolfcamp A is our most economic target. Today, we don't know. That Montrose well was landed to Wolfcamp D. And it's arguably the best economics of any well we've drilled in basin. And so we don't know, if leases were a concern, I can't tell you today, which would be our primarily target. We've got a lot of experimentation with these long laterals and upside fracs, before we can make that kind of economic high-grade. And finally, you asked about future development. We do have a development plan and its changing everyday, based on these pilot projects, that's why we're doing them. We don't think we're going to have any issues with land going into full development, whether that would be Culberson Reeves or Ward we don't know today, but we're getting for it.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: I guess, going back to the HBP question. Do you have a sense of when do you might have that Culberson position held? And then I guess going back to those long laterals, what would I guess changed your -- how many wells you're drilling on that 10,000 foot lateral basis?
John Lambuth: I can address right off about the laterals. We have drilled two now, I mean we have talked about one. Going forward, currently in Culberson for the rest of this year, we have three more 10,000 foot laterals planned, One into D, two into C. We also have seven 7,500 foot laterals. Now you might ask yourself, why not 10,000, and quite frankly that's because of the way the acreage lined up, we were able to drill 7,500 because of the way the o sections were. We have seven of those going forward, four into D and three in the A. So we have quite a few now that that we're planning. And obviously from the results we talked about we're very excited and trying to move quicker towards the path and towards drilling those type of wells. I mean, as far as holding our acreage, I mean we have a schedule and we kind of know each year what kind of capital that schedule requires. We do tend to front in that, meaning we try to get ahead of it. It's safe to say, with certainly by the end of 2017, we'll have a majority of that held or maybe just a few wells maybe we have to do, but we'll be in pretty good shape by '17 for sure.
Thomas Jorden: I want to make one follow-up point. All of our pilots are 5,000 foot laterals and we don't see that as -- in everything we learn on the pilot, we view it will be directly applicable to a longer lateral. And so we're doing our pilots on 5,000 foot laterals, quite frankly, because we can get them drilled faster, completed quicker and we spend a little less per well as we experiment, but everything we're learning in this pilots should directly translate to longer laterals.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: One last one for you, do you have exposure to the stack play in Merrimack in Oklahoma? Is that something you've been testing?
John Lambuth: As we recognized the play, as we see what our competitors are doing and as we map it, we do feel as though that that interval definitely carries over into our Cana HBP acreage. Quite frankly it looks very perspective based on where they're putting their laterals. And we are developing plans to aggressively move forward and tested here in the near future on our acreage, at least some initial tests.
Operator: Next would Cameron Horwitz of U.S. Capital Advisors.
Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors: Question, Tom, you talked about Culberson being pretty well set out to moved along longer lateral development there. Can you just talk about the setup and reason Ward counties? How much of that do you think you can move toward the longer lateral development?
Thomas Jorden: We have a fair amount, and I'll let John chime in, but certainly in Reeves County, there is a fair amount of our acreage that would support long laterals. I'm looking at John, half maybe?
John Lambuth: I would say, at least half.
Thomas Jorden: The challenge in a lot of these areas is it's parsed up land-wise. So it's a nice thing when you get these continuous acreage blocks. Ward County, we have some good continuous acreage blocks, but whether that will be -- I don't know if that will support for 10,000 foot lateral. We may have some 7,500 foot laterals to drill there. But when we think long laterals, based on what we seen, we're going to do it everywhere we can. But it really harkens back to the real value of that agreement between Chevron and Cimarex. Long laterals were strong motivator for both companies to enter into our joint development agreement and the results we're seeing are really, really reinforcing that decision.
Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors: And I guess sticking with that topic, I mean can you just talk about the interplay with moving the longer lateral, I mean obviously you're getting much more right upfront and just how that dovetails with thinking about facility and midstream build out there?
Joseph Albi: It obviously plays a big role in that. The resources needs not only, as far as batteries, equipment, but also people. And as we continue to look forward down the road as to our resource needs, this all plays a big role in that. So we're trying to optimize every which way we can. There is not only just operational efficiencies to be gained, we also firmly believe there is tremendous capital efficiencies to be gained as well.
Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors: And then just jumping, same to Culberson, and then jumping at Bone Spring, it looks like you had a pretty nice uptick in terms of the average productivity on those wells from last quarter. There is some talk about some upsize frac from some initial comments in that area. Was that playing at all into the results or is that in the balance of just the natural variability.
John Lambuth: I would probably lean more towards the natural variability. We have played with the frac design. Tom mention, it is kind of nice in Delaware Basin that there are a lot of competitors, and we pay very close attention to what others were doing. We learn from that. In the case of the Bone Spring, we have tried some upside fracs. I would say, right off the bat, we got the kind of uplift we were looking for, but still the jury is still out. Those wells are still in early flow back. I would also point out that we're just getting more and more comfortable with that region in terms of what we're looking for, in terms of what we're putting those laterals in the Bone Spring. I think that's what's showing up in the kind of activity results we're getting there. I mean it's turning out to be, without a doubt, that Second Bone Spring in Culberson, some of the highest rate of return wells we're drilling right now.
Cameron Horwitz - U.S. Capital Advisors: And then just lastly Permian. I know it's not a focus area for you guys, but I think you drilled a few wells over in Reagan County. Just kind of curious what the plan is there, if that's an area where you look to expand or potentially a monetization candidate?
Thomas Jorden: Probably in that case more monetization and we have some legacy acreage there. Our team did a nice job of identifying the potential there and there was enough acreage to justify what's going out there and doing a couple well test. We're still in flow back on those wells, but we were encouraged enough from the results that we have budgeted some money this year to drill some additional wells on that acreage block. But this is not a very big position for us at all. It's more about just taking advantage of having that relatively small track of land right there in Reagan and drilling on it.
Operator: Next we have Jason Smith of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: When thinking about the drivers behind your production guidance growth for 2014, have you assumed any uplift from the upsize fracs like you've seen from Tim Tam or from the longer laterals or is there a bit of conservative in both in there?
Joseph Albi: When we first put our plan together, we had limited data. So the answer to your question at a fairly high level is, yes. We've incorporated production uplifts on a risk basis for our Wolfcamp program and that's built into our numbers.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And with your initial Ward well out of the way and with you saying earlier that you probably don't have as much acreage to drill longer laterals on there. Should we expect you to maintain a fair amount of activity there or do you expect to shift the focus really back to Reeves and Culberson? And what do you have to hold acreage-in in Ward?
John Lambuth: Well, we expect to be still fairly active in Ward. We do have acreage to hold. As you know, we picked up a nice block of acreage last year that we will need to overtime here drill on. But, no, the actively level will be pretty good at Ward, because we have a lot of acreage there, but we also have a lot of testing delineations still to do there. Of the three areas is the one where we've done our lease drilling. So we still have a lot to do to learn and understand how perspective that acreage is, I'll just point out, not just in the A, but I would argue throughout the entire Wolfcamp section there. We haven't really stepped down into the deeper section yet, although we talk about doing that at some point later this year in Ward.
Thomas Jorden: We're quite high on Ward. It's not a stepchild by any means. We currently have 18 rigs running in the Delaware Basin and four them are in Ward County. So it's a good project.
Jason Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And I'd like to squeeze one more, and you guys haven't talked at all about potentially testing the Delaware zone. Do you have any plans to do that, as you go through this delineation here?
Joseph Albi: We don't have any plans as of right now, as we always talk about, we recognize it. It's just obviously our first primary purpose, when we drill the well in a new section like that is to hold acreage and so we're going to the deepest target, where we can get good rate of returns. We will get there eventually, but as of right now, we don't have any plans.
Thomas Jorden: There's no mystery there. We like the Delaware group. We've drilled a lot Delaware in our history. The thing is it's relatively uncontrolled out here. It's a big thick package, sands come and go, and you need to map it with control. So every time we drill a Wolfcamp well, we add another point of control, we're mapping as we go and we see it as future objective, but it certainly will be part of our 2014 program.
Operator: The next question we have comes from Phillip Jungwirth of BMO.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO: There were some well in Ward County had a pretty comparable IP rate to the typical Third Bone Spring well that you've drilled in the past over there. But is there any reason to expect that you might see a shallower decline rate in the Wolfcamp than you've seen in the Bone Spring?
John Lambuth: We don't know. I think honestly just time will tell in that case. I don't know that -- I guess I'll just say we don't know. We just need more production history here to tell us whether or not we can get a different type of decline profile than what the typical Third Bone Spring sands do. So we'll just have to wait and see.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO: And then on Slide 14 in the presentation, where you mentioned Ward County, in that slide are you saying that you don't think the Wolfcamp B through D is perspective and Ward that you just haven't tested that yet?
John Lambuth: And you're referring to Reeves County?
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO: Ward County?
John Lambuth: Right now, I can't really comment on D. Honestly, when we look at Ward County, the next sound that we get really excite about is really the B/C. Now, I don't know that really look much at D, I think it does thin there some, but I can't really comment. Nobody's, really to my, recollection has drilled a D well in Ward County.
Thomas Jorden: Just on Slide 14, our wells and targets that we're currently exploiting that we view our economic. So in Ward County, we only have one target there, because that's all we've drilled. We will be testing the B/C as John said. It looks highly perspective to us. We didn't include on the slide, because we don't have any results.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO: And then on Slide 12, the old curve looks like the 5.5 Bcf case from last year. But I was wondering what the EUR assumptions are for the Tim Tam well? Just looking at the graph and the PV10, it looks like it could be a little bit higher than the 30% increase in IP range that you've talked about from upside fracs?
Thomas Jorden: We're not prepared to comment on EUR for a well for which we just have a few months of production. We're going to have to watch it. And it does look like it's a little shallower decline in our original wells. And we're seeing greater than a 30% uplift certainly on sustained rate. But time will tell our EUR there.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO: Then the last question, how much opportunity is there to expand your existing Avalon oil acreage and then also the Reeves County acreage positions?
John Lambuth: I must say that Avalon position we have is right in kind of the sweet spot of where the best Avalon wells are being made. And so it's pretty tightly held by a number of operators. We're fortunate enough to have the position we have to develop those locations. So I don't see much in a way. There is no acreage necessarily just go out there and lease, it's tied up pretty tight. Your second question? I'm sorry.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO: Reeves County, Wolfcamp?
John Lambuth: In terms of additional acreage?
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO: Yes.
John Lambuth: Well, it's safe to say, yes. We are still actively trying based on our mapping to continue to acquire acreage, and we continue to be somewhat successful in doing that. But we still are having some success picking up new leases in that play.
Operator: Next we have Brian Gamble of Simmons & Company.
Brian Gamble - Simmons & Company: Guys, just a follow-up on the acreage question over there. As far as your position in Culberson and the relative availability of the longer laterals, does that new tactic of doing this many long laterals as you can, focusing more attention on potential acreage swaps and bulking up acreage in prices where you and some of your neighboring operators will be benefited from that sort of agreement.
Joseph Albi: Well, boy, I'd love to think we could do that. Obviously, what made the Chevron JDA so perfect for that is because it was a check report. Essentially they were the white squares and we were the black. So by putting that together it was a natural fit. In other areas, it all kind of depends on how your acreage flows relative to your competitors and your peers and what you could do there. I mean if there was a situation, where we felt like there was someone who had a comparable acreage position that we paired up it would lead to longer laterals, we would probably entertain talking to them. But I just don't know if there is going to be that many situations, just given the lay to land there.
Brian Gamble - Simmons & Company: And then you mentioned stack, you mentioned plans to test it, any sort of timeframe you wanted to put around that, as we talk in to something that's eminent, something that's a back half '14 event?
Joseph Albi: No. I would argue it's more of a latter first, second quarter event for us.
Thomas Jorden: This time we're obviously watching our competitors carefully on that and we see their enthusiasm for the play. We also understand that there are a lot of technology challenges that were faced and dealt in that play. We understand those technical challenges probably. And we see the potential, but boy, there is so much we don't know. We don't know what the yield will be, is it oily, is it gassy, what the deliverability will be. We're going to test it and we'll report back when we have some results.
Brian Gamble - Simmons & Company: And Tom, you kind of alluded that with [indiscernible].
Thomas Jorden: That's underway and we'll report, it will be midyear.
Brian Gamble - Simmons & Company: And last one from me, as you guys walking through the Q1 production impacts and how those wells come on in the very variability of timing of things. It seemed to indicate that the run ramp for production obviously starts in Q2, but the back half of the year from a percentage gains basis would probably be stronger, is that a fair assumption to make?
Joseph Albi: I mean to get to the 760 to 780 and start off where we are in Q1, it's obviously a ramp up. And the ramp up as we've currently got it scheduled and all this can vary with completion schedules, frac schedules, crews and what have you, calls for a good ramp up here in the later part of Q2.
John Lambuth: And reality always can intervene on the best plants, but I'll say this, we have shy of one rig of the rigs that are fully baked into that plan and we're on track here. So the model is what the model is. It's back half loaded.
Joseph Albi: This is the exact same type of profile that we put out in front of you guys last year and we did it.
Operator: The next question will have comes from Jeff Robertson of Barclays.
Jeff Robertson - Barclays: Can you all talk about the time you need to evaluate these new frac techniques to figure out if you're having the right recipe before you start deciding whether or not there is a variable you need to change?
John Lambuth: I guess it would depend on which engineer I talk to because depending on who I talk to, they all wanted a difference amount of time. There are certain things we look for, obviously what's and rather so excited about Culberson is just that initial IP and that 30-day rate we see, that clearly was a step change relative to our other wells as our graph shows. But I'll be honest, some of these other wells, it doesn't really show up some times early on in the production, but it definitely shows up a good 90 days, 120 days later in the client profile. So sometimes it could take a good 90 days to 120 days before you really sell like you've made a type of change that's going to be material in terms of that overall EUR.
Jeff Robertson - Barclays: Do you think you'll have data by the time you start completing some of the wells, some of that pilot test you're drilling on pads in the second quarter.
John Lambuth: Well, we feel very good about our frac design right now, especially in Culberson, very good. Now, I would argue in Reeves, we haven't drilled as many wells. And I would argue that we still have potential to dramatically change that frac and do even better Reeves. The resource there is very thick. It maps very good for us. And so we still have some homework to do their in Reeves in terms of optimizing that frac, but I'd like the job, we have right now that we're doing as evidenced by some of the results we've talked about in the past. So going forward, we feel very good about our current stimulation for that area.
Jeff Robertson - Barclays: John, I think you mentioned you all are going to take that technique or some variation of it up to Cana this year? Did you say how many wells you have on inventory?
John Lambuth: What I can speak to is we have taken from the Culberson completion and we've taken it to one of our sections and we have completed four wells now in Canada using that frac style and we are inflow back, and again you can sit here and argue how many months is it going to take to tell whether it makes a different or not. But I'll just simply say, as I said earlier, the early signs to us are encouraging. And certainly that's something probably by next earnings call, we'll have a lot more information to tell you about on those wells.
Jeff Robertson - Barclays: Last question on the Reeves County where you all will drill the stacked pilot in the Wolfcamp A, in Culberson or in Ward is a Wolfcamp A where you show it beginning a little bit thinner, is it thick enough or is it there trying to do any kind of a stacked spacing test as well.
John Lambuth: We don't know. I would argue. We will probably test it, since we just don't know.
Thomas Jorden: Is it thick enough? Is it sufficiently thick to absorb to pilots and stack them and we're going to probably test it.
John Lambuth: We are constantly amazed based on what others are doing not just within the Delaware Basin, but other Basins and how tight people are starting to put these laterals, vertically from each other. And so that's something we recognize, and yes, and in Culberson A we will more than likely touch that.
Operator: The next question we have comes from Abhi Sinha of Wunderlich Securities.
Abhi Sinha - Wunderlich Securities: I just had couple of questions. One on Avalon, just trying to get how uniform the acreage is or how continuous the acreage is basically, so I'm trying to evaluate how did you get to 200 locations? Is it just like acreage or spacing or there is more specific location wise?
John Lambuth: Again, we're very lucky in the Avalon. There is a lot of drilling that's taking place. A lot of pilots have gone forward. And right now, everyone is kind of gravitating to six wells a section. So really there's nothing more than just taking our current perspective acreage position and then planning out to six wells per section to get to that well count.
Abhi Sinha - Wunderlich Securities: So just as a follow-up. The technician that you've brought in Avalon versus what you experienced last time. My guess is like in the last experience, three years ago, when you drilled some wells, you experienced a high decline rate. And the techniques that you're applying right now is geared towards getting a higher IP. Are you doing something to tackle the high decline rate in terms choke size or anything like that or is it more towards getting higher IP, which will get you higher returns.
Thomas Jorden: In the cast of Avalon, you're absolutely right that early on in that program when we drilled the completed wells, we've got very good IPs, but then they would fall like a rock within the first 30 days to 60 days. Quite frankly, with this new frac design, we don't really experienced very high IPs at first, but over time the wells continued to clean up to whereafter 30 days to 60 days, we then reached our peak IP. And then we see much slower decline. So that's what's been the biggest change as per that frac design, which has led to that kind of result we're having. So we've fundamentally had changed kind of the flow back profile of those wells based on that frac.
Jeff Robertson - Barclays: And on the Wolfcamp side, can you comment if you have any presence of Wolfcamp in your New Mexico counties like Lea or any counties like one of your smaller competitor just reported a well in Lea County I guess having the Wolfcamp presence?
Joseph Albi: We have acreage in that play, especially up in the White City area. But we also recognize that that it could expand even beyond there. We just haven't got to the point of testing it just yet in the areas like Lea County like you're mentioning.
Thomas Jorden: White City is in Eddy County, and that's actually where we drilled our first Wolfcamp well in 2009.
Joseph Albi: An area quite frankly we're looking back at now from along lateral standpoint. It to us right now that area looks very perspective now, because of these long laterals.
Jeff Robertson - Barclays: And lastly, could you just remind us, how your rig distribution looks like right now? I mean considering you increased the rig count in Permian from 12 to 16 and it decreased in the Mid-Continent, but I'm not sure what the non-activity looks like in Mid-Content and how the rig distribution look likes versus Bone Spring versus what you have in Wolfcamp?
John Lambuth: Well, I can tell you exactly, what's going on today, but also in 30 days it will change, because obviously any one rig we have could move from a Bone Spring to a Wolfcamp well. But as we speak right now, we have nine wells, soon to be 10, drilling Wolfcamp wells. Six wells drilling Bone Springs and then one well drilling in Avalon, and then there is another rig testing other types of concepts for us right now. So right now that should bring you to 18 with the 19 rig coming some time in the April, May timeframe. In terms of Cana, we have the two operated rigs and then we have a partners has six rigs. But our understanding is they will be winding down the rig count to essentially zero some time here in the second quarter, if not sooner in Cana.
Operator: Matt Portillo of TPH.
Matt Portillo - TPH: Most of my questions have been answered, but I want to do just follow-up on a few. In terms of your acreage position, you mentioned perspective acreage in Reagan, and then also some perspective acreage in the stack. I was wondering if you could put any context behind that in terms of the size of those positions?
John Lambuth: Well, I can say this much in terms of the Midland Basin right now we have seven wells scheduled for Midland on that acreage. Again, the 2014, I think there is some follow-up ones in '15. It's not a huge position.
Thomas Jorden: It's not going to be more than a few dozen wells in absolute total.
John Lambuth: And then in terms of stack, I honestly I don't know, we really have a good number on acreage right now. We're still trying to map it to get a better definition of it. We have a lot of acreage over, I'll just say that much.
Thomas Jorden: I can tell you that most of what we know about stack, we've gleamed from the internet. And we see the same mystery that our competitors do and that the long response look somewhat enigmatic and competitive that's ahead of us to call core, and now is unlocking the play to them. We've taken a long-haul core, it's currently being analyzed. As John said, as we map that interval it comes over most if not all of our 75,000 acres held by production acreage. And I just told you about the full technical analysis. We're analyzing the rocks. We are going to test it and the proof will be in the pudding. But one of the many unknowns, two of them are the rate, the ultimate deliverability and the hydrocarbon type. And we can do all the science in the world, and then the well will tell us the answer and that's underway.
Matt Portillo - TPH: And then in terms of the Avalon, I was wondering if you could put any context behind how you guys are thinking about the EURs in the play, even if it's kind of a wide range around it, just trying to get a sense of what your recovery maybe there?
John Lambuth: I'm not going to quote an EUR as much as I'll just say again, the rate of returns right now on our Avalon wells are pretty much competing right there with our Bone Spring wells. It's turned into a wonderful rate of return play for us. So we're very, very pleased. And then thus you see the amount of capital we're going to allocate to it this year and aggressively drill it this year.
Matt Portillo - TPH: And then just last question, Gulf Coast has become kind of diminished within your overall portfolio. I wondered if you could give us some color on the plans there kind of in 2014 and then on a go-forward basis on what you maybe looking at doing?
John Lambuth: It saddens me to say being a geophysicist that at the end of '13 we've made the decision to close down our Gulf Coast region, as an active exploration region. It really reached to point where with the totality of all the opportunity we had in the Permian and quite frankly Mid-Continent and the type of rate of returns we're generating, we just felt like the Gulf Coast cannot be as impactful as it has for us in the past. And quite frankly, we have extremely talented people in the Gulf Coast that we felt like we could better deploy in both the Permian and the Mid-Continent efforts. So at the end of '13 we did that. We have at best maybe one or two prospects remaining that we like, that we may drill in the '14 and then that would pretty much close the door on our Gulf Coast exploration program.
Operator: It's showing that we have reached an hour, we will go ahead and conclude with our last question for today. It will be Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank: So a couple of quick ones for you. Following-up on the Avalon, the couple of hundred locations you have talked about in Avalon so far, is that spread across all acreage review as perspective there. Do you have any upside to that potential in Avalon acreage?
John Lambuth: I mean, when we quote those locations, we're really talking specifically to that one area in southwestern Lea, that that quite frankly the best wells are being drilled. And that's where we concentrate our effort. As I said earlier, for the previous call, that acreage is tied up very tight. There is not a lot of additional opportunity to expand upon that. So right now that that's where we're concentrating our efforts.
Thomas Jorden: The Avalon is perspective over a very broad part of the Basin. In fact, our one of the best Avalon wells drilled, there's a well we drilled in Eddy County, a very gassy well, a very high deliverability. So could the Avalon expand? Absolutely. It's a function of product price. So it's reservoir and it produces over much of the Basin.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank: Speaking of price, obviously, has pretty strong gas prices and slightly better NGL prices than we've had in a while. Any thoughts on use of -- I mean I would imagine given the commodity prices that we have right now. I know it's early in the year, cash flow is probably tracking ahead of budget and ahead expectations. Any thoughts on how you'd prioritize use of potential excess cash? And whether you think about increasing activity at all maybe Cana in or targeting opportunism in gas.
Paul Korus: We have not changed our capital program expectations for the year, yet. We're still at $1.8 billion. Coming into the year, we envisioned outspending our cash flow by $300 million or $400 million. The higher product prices and higher revenues simply mean, we'll most likely borrow less.
Operator: And gentlemen, did you have any closing remarks at this time.
Mark Burford: Thank you everyone for joining us today on the conference call. I appreciate your attention and I will look forward to seeing you in future. Any follow-up calls, please give Karen Acierno or myself a call and we'd loved to discuss any other question you might have. But again, thanks for attending and we look forward to report you further in the future. Thanks very much.
Operator: And we thank you, sir and the rest of management team for your time today. The conference call has now concluded. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. At this time we may disconnect your lines. Thank you and take care everyone.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Scott C. Schroeder - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Jeffrey W. Hutton - Vice President of Marketing James M. Reid - Vice President and Manager of South Region
Analysts: Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert L. Christensen - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Zachary Berger Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Emily. Good morning, all, and thank you for joining us for this call. I have a number of members of the executive team with me today to assist in the Q&A session. Before we start, let me say the standard boilerplate and forward-looking statements included in the press release apply to my comments today. On the call today, we will plan to cover the following: our third quarter 2013 operating and financial results; an update on our operations in the Marcellus and Eagle Ford; and finally, an update on our guidance for 2013 and 2014, including our capital budget and operating plans for 2014. Before I go into details of these topics, let me start with the financial highlights from the quarter, which was, by the way, one of best quarters we have had. For the third quarter, we produced 107 Bcfe of total company net production or approximately 1.16 Bcfe per day, which is an increase of 61% over last year's comparable quarter and a 13% increase sequentially over the previous quarter. Liquids production increased 43% over last year's comparable quarter and 18% over last quarter, driven by 28% sequential increase in our Eagle Ford liquids volumes. Net income grew significantly during the quarter, increasing 91% over last year's comparable quarter. While net income, excluding select items, increased 73% over the same period. In the third quarter, we also continue to generate robust cash flow growth with discretionary cash flow and cash flow from operations, increasing 69% and 61%, respectively, over the last year's comparable quarter. Our third quarter unit cost of $2.97 per Mcfe were down 15% over last year's comparable quarter and down 4% relative to last quarter, continuing to demonstrate how our already industry-leading cost structure continues to trend lower. In fact, our cash costs for the third quarter were only $1.25 per Mcfe, down 19% compared to last year's comparable quarter, and down 8% relative to last quarter. Our natural price realizations were approximately 96% of the average NYMEX last-day settle price for the third quarter, which exceeded expectations based on the mid-point of the basis differential guidance range we provided in early September. Now let's move to our Marcellus highlights. Our operations in the Marcellus continue to provide peer-leading well results across our acreage position. In our press release yesterday, we highlighted the results from several of the recent wells that further reinforce the productivity and consistency of the wells in our operating area. These results included 13 wells from a total of 4 pads. As you can see, we're still drilling just a select number of wells from pads. We have not yet got to the pad, full-pad development drilling. We completed -- these wells were completed with a total of 272 stages for a peak production rate of 323 million cubic foot per day. Very impressive results from our team in the Marcellus on the execution of our operation, and an equally impressive demonstration of the quality of Cabot's Marcellus position. These results highlight the true differentiating factor of Cabot with the most economic wells in the Marcellus, and I think it's without question. You can cut the publicly available data in a few different ways and arrive at the same conclusion. When focusing on initial production rates, the previously mentioned wells, on average, had an IP rate of 5.4 million cubic foot per day per 1,000 lateral feet, and a 1.2 million cubic foot per day per completed frac stage. And this is not just a case of our wells coming online strong with open chokes and dropping off immediately. The average 30-day rate for these wells was approximately 90% of the IP rate. While this is only a sample of our wells from the third quarter, these results imply an increase in an IP rate per foot and per stage compared to our typical 14 Bcf well from our 2012 program, which is especially impressive, considering our 14 Bcf well was already best-in-class among Marcellus producers when comparing EUR per lateral foot of 3.4 Bcf. This compares also very favorably to today's public data for Marcellus players. While we do not provide updated EURs and reserve data until year end, I will say, that on average, our 2013 program lateral lengths are several hundred feet longer than our 2012 program, and we are using approximately 200-foot spacing between frac stages on all our wells. As a result, we are completing 3 to 4 extra stages per well in our '13 program as compared to our industry-leading 2012 program. Also, I recently reviewed our forecasted drilling programs for '14 and '15, and I can tell you that a portion of the increase in our '14 program, and that's an increase in our capital program, is a result of longer lateral lengths and more stages per well than our '13 program. Additionally, our '15 program will provide yet longer laterals and more stages. Regarding pricing sensitivities, even in our highlighted low-case pricing assumptions for '14, we still generate greater than 100% return. While there's been a lot of focus on near-term pricing over the last few months, we believe, as this quarter highlights, the focus should be on the fact that we have the most economic resource in the U.S. What the third quarter also shows is our ability to exceed growth expectations while producing record results in a tough price environment. Let me move to some comments in our Eagle Ford operation. Beginning in the third quarter, we redirected our focus in South Texas to our Eagle Ford program, and it is beginning to pay off as we experienced strong sequential growth with Eagle Ford liquids production increasing by approximately 28% over the second quarter. As we discussed on the second quarter call, we added a second rig in the Eagle Ford in August, which is solely focused on pad drilling, and we will continue to operate 2 rigs in the play for the remainder of the year. We also noted in the last night's press release the substantial cost savings we are -- we have realized with our most recent drilling and completion operations. On the previous call, I was asked what is -- what it would take to accelerate the Eagle Ford operation above our 2 rig program, and I said we were hoping to see returns of 60% to 80% based on the results we are seeing from the longer lateral wells and the cost savings we're realizing on the drilling and completion activities. I think those returns are achievable in a consistent manner and, as a result, we continue to be excited about the future of our Eagle Ford program. We will have more incremental results to discuss on the next call as a result of the multi-well pad drilling we are currently conducting. I'm now going to move to our 2013 and 2014 guidance. And based on our year-to-date production, we feel very comfortable reaffirming our full year 2013 production guidance of 44% to 54%, even assuming a loss of the quarter of production associated with the sale of the Marmaton and West Texas properties. Also, despite our strategic decision to hold back certain volumes periodically due to pricing in the day market in the third quarter, our robust growth in the third quarter through -- our robust growth in the third quarter further reinforces our ability to grow, not only production, but also cash flows in light of the headwinds related to natural gas pricing. We anticipate fourth quarter realized pricing will be stronger than we saw in the third quarter, with an unhedged basis differential guidance range of plus $0.10 to minus $0.30 relative to NYMEX. However, regardless of pricing, we fully expect to meet our production guidance for the year. In regards to asset sales, we made it clear that the Marmaton was a potential candidate for divestiture due to the focus elsewhere and the result of lost opportunity in this area without sufficient capital deployed. The small legacy West Texas piece was not strategic and never received the desired capital. The implied metrics for the deal were very compelling compared to the recent transactions, and the proceeds will make Cabot cash flow positive for the year. For 2014, we are reaffirming our 30% to 50% production growth guidance. Capital spending for the year is expected to be $1.375 billion to $1.475 billion based off a 7-rig program in the Marcellus and a 2-rig program in the Eagle Ford. Approximately 85% of our capital budget will be spent on drilling and completion activities. 75% of the drilling and completion capital will be allocated to the Marcellus, and the remaining 25% will be focused on the Eagle Ford. We plan to drill 170 to 190 net wells next year, with 130 to 140 net wells in the Marcellus, and 40 to 50 net wells in the Eagle Ford. Virtually all of our wells are 100% working interest in both areas, and I suspect our 2014 net well count is considerably less than our peers and will still deliver best-in-class production growth. Our basis differential assumption for full year '14 is a range of flat to NYMEX to minus $0.40 per Mcf, even at the low end of that range. Again, we will generate a free cash flow positive program. Our unit cost guidance for '14 is expected to decrease by 10% at the mid-point relative to 2013 unit cost guidance. On production, we have been continuously asked about what factors are driving the low end and high end of our production range. I do not plan to get into the granular details around each assumption that was made. However, I will say that we ran multiple sensitivities internally, as we always do on our budget processes. And even assuming a reasonable level of curtailments throughout the year, our production growth remains well above the low end of our guidance. As we have done in previous years, we will review the guidance quarterly. And to the extent we feel we need to update the range based on current information, we will do so. Cabot has generated 3 consecutive years of annual production growth over 40%, and the mid-point of 2014 guidance implies a fourth consecutive year of 40% production growth. More importantly, assuming the current strip and the continued reduction in our unit cost, we expect cash flow growth to outpace production. And while these top line growth numbers continue to be best-in-class, given that we are doing it with a cash flow positive program, our relative debt-adjusted growth numbers will be very compelling in an industry known for more outspending cash flow. As we have previously discussed, based on our budget, we expect to be free cash flow positive in '14. However, the magnitude of the free cash, which will ultimately be dependent upon the pricing dynamics in the Marcellus during the year. Given the addition of a sixth rig in August this year and a seventh rig beginning in early '14 for our Marcellus program and the magnitude which we can increase our production with this level of activity in the Marcellus, we will consider further acceleration of our high-margin, high-return Eagle Ford program, assuming we do continue to deliver the results we expect, and changes to our distribution policy will be the primary candidates for the use of free cash in '14. As it relates to distribution policy, in the past, we have ranked an increase in our regular dividend as a high priority, which was evidenced by the 100% increase in our regular dividend in August. However, in light of our recent underperformance in the market, share repurchase have become increasingly more attractive, as we believe there is a disconnect between our market valuation and our intrinsic value. As a reminder, under our current share repurchase plan, we have authorization to repurchase up to 10 million -- approximately 10 million shares, which certainly can be increased if the situation warrants. And finally, a couple of comments around our marketing effort. With regard to pricing, we mentioned earlier our overarching assumption for the full year 2014 is that our average realized price will range from flat to minus 40% compared to the NYMEX last-day settle price. This assumption includes the potential for seasonality outside this range. Additionally, the low range is representative of weak third party -- third quarter index levels that we saw, and persisting continuously throughout 2014, which we do not expect. Our sales strategy remains unchanged as we combine our winter and summer sales with our long-term firm sales, while also utilizing our firm transportation position. This approach will allow for approximately 5% of our volumes to reach the day market, which is generally necessary for operational purposes. Collectively, we have already placed over 1 Bcf for the '13 and '14 winter period, and approximately 900 million cubic foot a day for the April, October summer period for 2014. These positions will certainly be expanded on in the normal course of business. Regarding our hedging strategy for the year, we currently have approximately 30% of our 2014 gas volumes hedged at the mid-point of our guidance range at a floor of $4.10 per Mcf. We will continue to lock in additional NYMEX hedge contracts throughout the year when the opportunity arises. Given the fact that a significant amount of our volumes are already contracted at a fixed premium or slight discount to NYMEX, these hedges will help reduce volatility in our overall realized prices. In closing, we certainly remain enthusiastic about the future of both our Marcellus and Eagle Ford effort. Yes, we will have near-term headwinds, just like the entire industry will have in various different places at times, but we will continue to adapt and adjust to respond to those circumstances. Even with all the negatives in the last 8 weeks, this quarter for Cabot ranks as one of the best of all times. As one of you has recently mentioned in the end, it's the rock in the economics that matter, and we still have one of the best, if not the best, in that regard. Emily, with those brief comments, I'll be more than happy to answer any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Penetrating on the buyback program, are you currently authorized to start buying back shares? And can you offer some more color on where that program can go?
Scott C. Schroeder: I'll answer that, Drew. This is Scott Schroeder. We have had an outstanding buyback authorization for a longer period of time. With the splits and the adjustments in it, it is up to just under 10 million shares. Our blackout period will end today so -- and we're fully operational if we choose to go in and buy shares on weakness at various points in time. And it'll be up more after-the-fact kind of disclosure, where we just wanted to, in light of all the questions we had around free cash flow, in light of the weakness of the stock, we wanted to be more proactive in saying that we do have that as an arrow in our quiver, and we will use it when we see it appropriate.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And it looks like if we look ahead, you could be generating, I guess, more cash flow than I was thinking before, at least. Are you guys open to maybe looking at acquisitions or expanding into new areas where that's organic or where acquisition-based? Do you have any thoughts there?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, Drew, we have -- with our current capital guidance that we've given, we have several areas that have been included in that capital exposure that are exploratory in nature. And if, in fact, those are areas that yield returns that are competitive with our existing projects, we will consider expanding into those areas. At this time, we have also continued to pick up some acreage in the areas that we operate. And -- but we do not have plans and are not focused on buying a bolt-on in an area that we are not currently exposed to.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Lastly, just on well costs. I guess given that you're talking about longer laterals, bigger wells, overall, going forward, where do you see well cost going from here?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the well cost, again, when you look at the average and you look at the nets that we have and 100% working interest wells, the increase on the drilling side is typically not that substantial because the drill rates and penetration rates are so robust. But the incremental ad that we have will be by virtue of more stages in those longer laterals. And in our pumping services, we are -- we have very good contracts on our pumping services, and the uptick will be a direct proportion to the incremental number of stages. So I would say probably anywhere from $250,000 to $500,000 on some of the expanded wells that we drill.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And thinking, maybe, where you are right now with well costs?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, on -- and we've gone to and we've still used, as we have highlighted in our discussion points in our presentation, our '14 Bcf well, for example, in the Marcellus is around this $6-plus million range. In the Eagle Ford, we have highlighted, and particularly in our press release with the most recent drilling that we've been able to do and particularly on, we're on a pad right now. We haven't gotten to TD, but we're drilling pad wells there with a walking rig. And we think, again, reiterating what I've said in the release, that we think we're going to be saving, just on the drilling side, $500,000 to $600,000 per well in the Eagle Ford. And we think we're going to get our well cost below the $7 million range.
Operator: Next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The 100% working interest wells this year, is that more of a high-griding exercise? Or what -- how sustainable is your drilling program at that level? And maybe you could help us with the average working interest across the 2 plays, currently.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. It is a little bit of an aberration as we go into '14, and there is a couple of reasons for that. The couple of reasons that make the majority of impact is, one, through '13, we had a significant level of joint venture wells that we operated and we drilled in our joint venture with Osaka. So from a net perspective, we had a number of gross wells in there, but we didn't net out the higher percentage because of Osaka's interest. Additionally, by virtue of the sale of the Marmaton up in Oklahoma, we had a number of nonoperated wells up in the Marmaton that we participated in. And we also had on the operated wells, we also were anywhere from, say, 35% to 85% working interest in the operated wells. And that was one of the reasons why we elected to refocus into our core areas where we have blocked acreage and where we can have greater efficiencies at 100% operated wells going forward. We do anticipate that by virtue of, again, having to anomalous events, the JV in the Pearsall and the sale of the Marmaton, that we will have a much, much higher working interest percent on average than we have in the past.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Really helpful. And I guess so, that my follow-up would be in your prepared remarks, you talked about you expect in your capital review, your plan for next year and the year after. You expect longer laterals in sequentially '14 and -- well, '13 and '15 over '14, but also more stages per well, I guess. Can you just help us understand this? How much further do you think you can go in terms of improving the efficiencies of these individual wells? And I'll leave it at that.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. It's a good question, Doug. And the industry, as a whole, has certainly been pushing the limits of extended laterals and reduced spacing on frac stages. Some other ideas being tried is increased profit per stage. I think it is true, we'll continue to tweak and try different ideas that would enhance the efficiencies. In our Eagle Ford operation, as an example, we had averaged 4,000 or 5,000-foot type laterals in a pad that we are currently on right now. We are going to average out to 9,000-foot on those particular Eagle Ford locations on that pad. How much further you get out is at least, in our sense right now beyond 9,000 feet, is going to be pushing it with current technology and current efficiencies to be able to assure yourself you're getting effective fracs at the tow stages. But nevertheless, as you can see going straight from 5,000 to 7,500 or 9,000, certainly, is a step further out in the Eagle Ford. In the Marcellus, we continue to extend our average lateral lengths in those particular wells. And we have some wells that we have planned for '14 that would allow us to put, say, place 40-or-so stages in a particular well. So we are extending them out further, but it's not going to be as aggressive of increase as you have seen in the past, by industry as a whole, I might add.
Operator: And the next question is from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: I was wondering, Dan, could you give us an idea on both the timeline of these long-lateral Eagle Ford wells that you're drilling, the timeline we should expect results on? And really, what kind of rates you're looking for out of those wells?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Charles, that's a good question. We have, again, on one of these pads we're on, we have drilled 6 of the top holes on a 6-well pad, and now we're going back and we're starting the laterals on that 6-well pad. As a placeholder, we had completed a 4-well pad. And we completed that 4-well pad that had a measured depth of 58,000 feet, and we completed it in 58 days. So pretty simple 1,000-foot average throughout 4 wells on a -- on that particular pad. So I don't know if that will hold true, Charles, as we get out even further with the lateral lengths. But that kind of gives you a benchmark to work with.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. But just the key thing here though, is that you're batch drilling, and are you going to do a batch completion on that pad as well?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we will. Yes. And just one other quick point, Charles, on that. And that's the reason I kind of said, well, when we come out with the data, we will probably have something at our year-end call in February, we would hope, a little bit more color on results of these wells. But the 6-well pad is probably not going to be a great -- a lot of time on that particular pad site, but we should have some more color, certainly, on our year-end call.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. It'll be a lot of oil when it does come at you. But before I...
Dan O. Dinges: And we -- we're working on...
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Before I -- right. The other thing I wanted to ask, just to touch briefly on this Northeast differential issue, I looked up at one of the regional hubs out there, and there's actually been a dramatic or -- there's been a pretty quick tightening or narrowing of the basis just in the last week. And so I was wondering if you could -- we're about -- we're close to 1/3 of the way through the quarter, and I could just -- wondered if you can offer a few more thoughts on how it's looking for the last 2 months of the year.
Dan O. Dinges: Well -- and I'll let Jeff just add some brief color to it. But I will say this. I looked at it, and we had our board meetings, of course, yesterday and the day before, and we kind of glanced at it. One of the indices was up $0.72. Again, volatility is the name of the game. But -- and we ran through a lot of sensitivities, as I mentioned, in the little talk here. And we think it's going to be volatile. There is going to be times when we don't like the number, and there's going to be times that we can catch up. And through all that sensitivity, we feel like the range that we've given is supportive. And not only that, with the type of wells that we're drilling and the unit cost discounts that we're seeing, our return profile for this program is going to be significant. And in fact, if you back up a little ways and you take the noise out that's been most recently discussed in regard to the most recent past differentials, our returns are probably going to compete against returns that we had when we didn't have this differential noise. Yes, I'll let -- I think Jeff wants to make a comment also, Charles.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes, Charles, I'll get a little more specific with your question. The Leidy Line that you're speaking of has seen, I think, a great improvement just in the last week. Although I will say it's been improving in the last 6 weeks little by little, as Tennessee has improved as well and demand has improved in some of the other pipes. I think on the Leidy Line, the volume of gas that reaches that pipeline is pretty much at its max. So the pipe is full. What's been missing up there has been the demand. And now the demand piece has shown up, we're going to see improved price in there. And in fact, I think yesterday's gas day was maybe $0.05 under NYMEX, so a big improvement. And then on Tennessee, with that pipeline opening up on November 1 with the new capacity in the Bcf a day, since we'd want them -- about 300 went west, about 700 went east, the transportation opportunities and the path has opened up. And we've seen a big improvement there. Not quite like Transco's Leidy Line, but we expect to see, as winter progresses, more flattening of that basis as well.
Operator: And our next question is from Pearce Hammond of Simmons & Company.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Were there any one-offs that impacted Q3 Marcellus differentials like pipeline maintenance, things like that, that are worth highlighting, which may not be repeatable, say, next year?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, I'm going to flip that right off to Jeff, Pearce.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. Yes, particularly in the third quarter, we had, I wouldn't call it as bad as a perfect storm scenario, but we have a number of scenarios that changed the dynamics of pricing, particularly on Tennessee. They had some -- obviously, they had construction all summer to facilitate new capacity coming on November 1. So that was hammering some of the areas that normally did not see reduction in capacity. We also had folks taking gas off Tennessee trying to get to other locations that were already full, and so that also intensified the problem. We had some -- the weather, I don't want to harp on how mild the weather was, but the lack of power-gen on that particular pipeline is very sensitive to demand regarding whether, both winter and summer. So we have that concern at the same point. There was obviously a little bit of new production that came on, that also added to that scenario. But overall, we think that with this new capacity and normal weather conditions, that will return to a more historic-type basis.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: And then, Dan, what are your thoughts about de-risking other horizons on your Marcellus acreage? I know you've done some completions in the past on the Purcell, but what about something like in Onondaga?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, Pearce, one of the things -- one of the processes and procedures that we're going to be able to get to in our '14 program is that the examples of pad drilling that we've been discussing. And pad drilling means getting to the 6, 8, 10 wells per pad, maybe 12, 14 wells per pad. But the opportunity at that time will allow us to try multiple ideas on that particular pad that would be -- allow us to look at analogous similar geology, and the information and gather -- and data points we get from that similar geology will allow us to maybe make a little bit better interpretation of what the results are telling us. So in some of the things that we're going to try to accomplish, which are going to be reduced spacing in the Lower Marcellus. We'll have also the Purcell test. We'll have the Upper Marcellus test. And we will look at the -- any other ideas that we have in additional rocks that might be something for the future. So that's the time we're going to do that, Pearce. Yes. And I would say towards the end of '14, we would be able to give you some additional color on all those points.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: When we look at your end markets for gas, I think you had said about 65% of this year's contracts are linked to Henry Hub. Can you talk to what that number is for next year? And how is the relationship to Henry Hub of next year's contracts compared with this year's?
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. I'll let Jeff give you a brief executive summary on that.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes, Brian, the 65% for 2013, we're going to look at growing that number for 2014 just because of the production growth. And so what I'm trying to say is most of the next round of contracts pertaining to the production growth will be tied to NYMEX-based contracts. So it's pretty much as simple as that. As far as what's going on in '14 compared to '13, we -- as we've talked about before, we took great lengths to put together all of our portfolio of contracts and transactions to be able to supply you with this range for pricing going forward. If you tried to compare that to pricing in 2013, I know we were relatively flat in NYMEX in quarter 1 and quarter 2. And then you saw the results for quarter 3, and we're probably pretty close to our guidance for 4. So you can kind of work the numbers from there.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just to make sure I understood the early part of your response, when you talk about adding new volumes to increase the number, are you increasing the percent above 65%? Or are you keeping the percent reported at the same soon-to-be and just adding contracts given your growth?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: The percent will grow.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then when we think about the key milestones to meeting the midpoint of the 2014 guidance, can you just walk us through key items that you see on the critical path regionally within Susquehanna County? I guess, one would assume if you get to your -- if you get the rig count ramped up on schedule then those items on a critical path will be more from a midstream perspective.
Dan O. Dinges: Are you talking about our production volume, Brian?
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. So for us to have confidence that you are at versus above versus below, or for you to have confidence that you are trending at versus above versus below your 2014 volume guidance, what do you see as items on a critical path as you go forward through 2014?
Dan O. Dinges: One, on the operational side, I don't see anything that is going to deter us from achieving the volume rates that we have forecast. Operationally, we have the -- one, we have a significant level of wells that we're going to roll into '14 and a significant number of stages in those wells that we roll into '14. And with the level of drilling that we have between now and then and the addition of the seventh rig, I think we are going to be able to meet or exceed the guidance that we've given with our operations program. The length of laterals, the number of stages and our ability to secure the pumping fleets up there are all within our reach, and I see no issues in regard to that. The 30% to 50% guidance we gave, as I've kind of talked through in the teleconference write-up, we are -- we're looking at the -- all the sensitivities on us pulling off, even throughout the full year, us pulling off production that would be representative of some of our day gas. So even in light of that, we have a significant opportunity to meet or exceed our production guidance. So I'm -- any key milestones, it's really going to be conducting our operations as effectively and efficiently as we have in the last few years.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So basically, there's nothing on the critical path from a midstream perspective? That's all in place, and so it is executing on the upstream and watching the markets to make sure that demand is there? Or are there midstream -- key midstream items to think about?
Dan O. Dinges: There's not anything in the midstream that is going to be a critical path item for us to be able to achieve our higher rates that we forecast. In fact, at the end of '14, we will have in the form of compression, dehydration and our measurement capacity, 3.4 Bcf available to us.
Operator: And our next question is from Bob Brackett of Bernstein.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A couple of questions. One, you mentioned the quality of the rocks early on as a kind of a commanding advantage. Have you guys ever benchmarked through the Northeast gate [ph] what advantage the rocks have versus what your own proprietary completions have?
Dan O. Dinges: Say that again. I'm sorry, Bob, I...
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can you separate how good the rocks are from how good your completion strategies are up in the Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. I appreciate that. Well, the feedback we get from the North region personnel is it's all their completion technique.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: That would be expected.
Dan O. Dinges: But to quantify that, we do things in our completion operations up there. We were first movers. We discovered the Northeast Pennsylvania, Marcellus, and we have developed it with the first drilling up there in that particular area. And we have a core group, extremely talented individuals that have paid attention to it and have done their tweaking and evaluation. And so I certainly think what we do has some bearing on it. But I also think that the Marcellus that we drilled in our particular area is uniquely thick compared to the rest of the Marcellus you see across the entire state and into West Virginia. The maturity of it is at a perfect maturity that allows it to have a very low amount of connate water frac-ing. And viability of that allows it to be extensively fractured with the fracs that we put on it. And I think the recoveries that we get up, in place reserves as a result of that, and not having any water in the system and any concerns about permeability issues down the road, we are in the absolute best spot you can find, as far as reservoir quality.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And a follow-up, you talked about differentials being flat to minus $0.40 off of Henry Hub. What's your view for Henry hub for next year?
Dan O. Dinges: We haven't looked at the Henry Hub, except to say that, on average, we are going to be between the, say, $3.80 and $4.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers Investment.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I just wanted to ask one question to each regarding Eagle Ford and the Marcellus. I'll go with the Marcellus first. It looks like your average production per stage is spot-on with the wells you highlighted in the second quarter. And -- but in the second quarter, you gave us some locational color with regard to the wells being north and northeast of Zick. I was wondering if you could give us some kind of indications of what the locations of the 4 pads highlighted in the third quarter are.
Dan O. Dinges: They were at -- they were scattered throughout our areas. We had a pad site to the northeast, not just east, but to the northeast. We had a pad site to the south and southwest, and so they were scattered throughout our area. And by the way, they were in 4 different townships.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, good. That's helpful. And with regard to the Eagle Ford, about the time you guys were at our conference in August, you had reported an 8,000-foot Eagle Ford well that had basically no decline over a 3-month period. And I was just wondering if there's any follow-on data with regard to that well, and if you've seen any kind of similar type of behavior in the wells that you've drilled subsequently.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, I'll let Matt Reid respond to that and kind of give you maybe what we produce to date, and it's still performing well.
James M. Reid: Right. That's our Pickens B16 well, had a lateral length of about 8,200 feet, 30 stages. That well's produced 125,000 barrels in about 200 days. It still continues to produce an equivalent rate of about 600 barrels equivalent per day. So it's been fairly flat, great producer, good EUR. So -- and the wells we're drilling off the current pad will be similar in length to the Pickens well.
Operator: Our next question is from Biju Perincheril of Jefferies.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. The wells that you highlighted in the Marcellus earlier today, and looks like even compared to some of the reduced cluster spacing wells that you had talked about earlier, looks like there's an improvement. Other than the longer laterals, are there other things you're doing on the completion front that is still diving improvement in productivity?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have got our spacing down. Some of our -- a small portion of our '12 program had the 200-foot stages spacing. And all of our 13 wells and our wells going forward are going to have that phasing -- spacing. And when you look at what we do on the completion side, again, back to the comment I made on, I think, to Jeffrey was that -- or Bob, the guys up there have continuously tried different techniques and processes on our completions and we have a good database right now and we try different things all the time.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then as far as northeast demand is concerned, I think you guys have been looking pretty close look at it being a longer-range plan. Anything you can share in terms of new market opportunities for pipelines or incremental demand?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. I'll chuck that to Jeff, Biju.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes. Biju, we have -- it's an ongoing process for us as we look at different options getting out of Susquehanna County. I think you'll -- if you follow the open seasons, by the compliance, particularly the nonbonding open seasons, you see a lot of projects around drawing boards that get gas out in Northeast PA, particularly to the Carolinas, to the mid-Atlantic area and additional pipe. More in, obviously, the Constitution and into New York here in November. But I think the other thing that's a little bit missing from the equation is all the new projects in Southwest PA that will move gas most likely to Canada and obviously back on racks. And all the backhaul projects and pipe reversals that are going on there will also influence the Northeast production and probably obtaining more market share of the projects I mentioned previously. So it's ongoing. We have a number of ideas and it's -- we hope to expand on that in the next few months.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And in the next few months, is it likely that we could hear it from kind of like Cabot-sponsored pipeline like the Constitution? Is that -- or is that on the industry projects that you're referring to?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes. Probably bad choice of words, the next few months. These projects take a long time to develop. And I think the pipelines are putting them together as we speak. We're trying to make decisions on which projects are best for us. And then if it's more than one, just what share of those projects that we participate in. So it's ongoing. There's more than a dozen that would benefit us directly. And so we're in an evaluation stage at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from Gil Yang of DISCERN.
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: Just a couple of questions sort of following up on some of the other questions. The role that you were talking about for going into 2014, are you in any way because of the curtailments that you had voluntarily placed on, are there more wells sort of waiting to be turned on than you would have expected? And does that lead you to go into 2014 a little hotter than you would have originally planned and sorts of make it easier for you to grow?
Dan O. Dinges: Gil, it's a good question. We have certainly capacity. And in fact, I think today's rate is probably a rate that is higher than maybe we've seen. But the result is that we do have -- we do have volumes that are upcoming with some robust completions that we expect that we have risked, if you will, on the production profile we've included in our forecast.
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: Okay. The risk via the curtailment issues.
Scott C. Schroeder: Right. Not versus productivity, just reframe the timing of when they would come in. And Gil, this is Scott. Just based on the simple math, we do have 6 rigs running in the Marcellus now. So just by the nature of that activity, we're going to have a higher number of completions going into the next year than we had last year.
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: Sure. Right, okay. And then with regard to completions, have you given much thought to -- or have you also been tweaking lateral spacings? Or do you think you're pretty much optimized in terms of the distance between laterals or any Chevroning of the laterals within that formation?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, on the -- are you talking about the frac stage spacing?
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: No, no. Well, obviously, you've gotten on to the 200-foot spacing within the frac -- for the frac stage length. I'm just talking about the spacing between the laterals that you're drilling.
Dan O. Dinges: Oh, okay. Yes, all right. Yes, Gil. Well, that is a -- like I've mentioned before, once we do get on some pads, we will be looking at reduced spacing. We will and, in fact, we have drilled a couple of wells that have gone down to 800-foot, and we will continue to look at what we think is a very optimal spacing. But that is the plan to continue to reduce from the 1,000 feet we have right now to something less.
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: You want to say -- can you say what happened to the 800-foot spacing?
Dan O. Dinges: Still too early.
Operator: Our next question is from Jack Aydin of KeyBanc.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Looking at the -- is any of those 4 pads that you had in the quarter, any of them is Reilly Pad? Or Reilly Pad was not included in those?
Dan O. Dinges: No, we don't have the pipeline yet hooked up out there, Jack. I know we're still waiting on that. And the anticipation is that, that we would be able to get it hooked up this quarter, and we still believe that to be the case. But again, we did -- these are pads that are outside of the area where the majority of our drilling has taken place. And as I mentioned, they're in 4 different townships.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And second question, do you have another opportunities to acquire additional acreage in Susquehanna? Is there anything available to add on bolt-on in your acreage in Susquehanna? Or did you do any purchases in this quarter?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the -- some of the purchases that we've done has just been by virtue of some of the small tracks picking up the lessors that have, or the mineral owners that have desired to wait until there is going to be a well drilled near them and in the event they lease on them. And we have picked up some acreage in that regard throughout the year along those lines. There, as far as a bolt-on piece of acreage that we could buy, we're not negotiating any at this time.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Some clarification, Dan. You mentioned you placed 1 B in 2013 at a fixed, and about 900 in Bs from April 2014 to the end of the year. Is that fixed, firm or what? What kind -- could you clarify it a little bit for me what you mean by that?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, yes. Jack, I'll let Jeff on.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay, Jack. What we're telling the world here is that we have a Bcf a day of gas already placed for the winter period. That's November through March of this year and first quarter of 2014. When we say placed, we mean we have that wet gas under contracts and similar-type contracts that we always have with splits between different indices, but primarily based on NYMEX. And then that we have approximately 900,000 a day for the summer period, that's April through October. It's already under contract. So those are all firm sales. And for the most part, we've utilized the majority of our firm transportation with those sales. So we think we're in pretty good shape with a large majority of our gas already under contract.
Operator: Our next question is from Gordon Douthat of Wells Fargo.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question on the lateral lengths for this year. So at 200-foot spacing, I think you mentioned in your prepared comments, you've added about 3 to 4 frac stages this year. So does that get you about 47,000, 48,000-foot lateral?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, that's good math.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Not 47,000 feet.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm sorry, 4,700 feet.
Scott C. Schroeder: There you go.
Dan O. Dinges: Scott will always get the numbers right. He's good with numbers.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then I believe you had some of those on since 2012. I'm just trying to get a sense of what type of production history you need on those longer laterals with the tighter frac spacing in order to feel comfortable increasing those EURs.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, on the flowbacks and what we see early-stage time on the wells that we have brought on, we feel very comfortable that we're going to have increases in those wells based on what we've seen through our other wells. And the fit on the production curve is going to tell us fairly quickly that we can expect a better EUR. There's nothing that we see right now that's going to deter us from our position that EURs will be higher in '13 than they were in '12.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned that probably with the reserve report, on the 2013 reserve report, you'd discuss that further. Is that something that you'd talk about in February?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then to what extent is that incorporated in 2013 production guidance and then also 2014 production guidance?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we kind of look at what the production curve fit is for our normal wells out there, and we use that curve fit and roll it all the way through the year to come up with our production profile. So from that sense, the EUR is applicable when used in what we forecast. But I'm not sure I'm answering your question though, Gordon.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'm just trying to get a sense of what -- is there upside to the numbers? I know you've given some fairly wide ranges next year, but what extent do you feel like -- I know production has been pretty strong, but what extent there might be more upside?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I think the guidance we've given is robust. I think the guidance we've given is going to be in the top of the class. And we've kind of made a statement in the past, Gordon, that if we wanted to grow by putting in, say, we put in another spot crew in for 4 months and we average a number of stages that we complete in a day is, say, 6, well, I can assure you that if that's what we wanted to do, that we could really increase our production profile. So I'm comfortable with the range that we're in, and I think you've seen in our past guidance that we have been probably a company that has underpromised and overdelivered, and we're not going to change our methodology.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Christensen of Canaccord Genuity.
Robert L. Christensen - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Can you just please -- and some of my question was previously answered. But as the next pipeline, I'm looking at all the projects that the pipelines are putting up. How are the negotiations going with these pipelines in terms of getting a deal done? Are you pleased? And could such a thing happen where you'd have a big write-out or 2 out of the area by '15, get some steel in the ground in '14 if you get behind 1 or 2 of these things? And then basically, permanently and these worries over basis differentials, give us a sense on how it's going.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, I'll start and I'll pass it to Jeff. But, Robert, when you look at the space and you look at differentials, there's going to be a number of things that between now and '17, and I know that's not the term that you've talked about, but between now and '17, now and '16, now and '15, that will make a difference in the takeaway capacity. In particular, up in our area in the northeast. But if you look at some of the things that are going on away from us and you look at, maybe, the intangible benefits, those are going to have an impact on us also. There was a question earlier in the Q&A session, talked about are there anomalous events that have created a burden on differentials in this period. Well, if you go back and you look at the southwest part of the state, there was a period of time that there was a purchase of a lot of the Rex gas to be able to move gas and comingle with the volumes in the market that exasperated, if you will, the problem. And some of that was a result of some dominion issues that they had and maintenance things that they had down there. That had a direct impact during the third quarter that we don't think is going to be another recurring event. We think that there is a move of foot to reverse Rex and take southwest gas in the west direction. And we think there's projects that are going to be going down and alleviating some gas that is currently flowing east, to flow in other directions from other areas. We think Gulf Coast gas is going to be finding different homes versus flowing on the long-haul pipes up into the east. But as far as pipeline negotiations, I'll turn it over to Jeff. And he can, maybe, make more detailed sense out of what I just said.
Robert L. Christensen - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I'm not trying to invade the propriety of the discussion you may have, I'm just trying to get a sense of how much -- how well the discussions are going to, maybe, take gas to Atlanta for all intents and purposes.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. Yes, it's certainly dynamic times. It's actually kind of fun at this point to be involved in so many projects and also be in the position to offer up a substantial quantity of gas dedicated to some of these projects. So we are involved in practically every single one of them in some way, shape or form. We think smaller positions and some make more sense to us. But we also think the region, in general, needs a larger stroll out of it. And there's obviously several very large diameter pipes planned to leave the area. You mentioned Atlanta. Obviously, there's discussions around that particular city. There is in Birmingham, Alabama, all the way from Susquehanna County to Birmingham on the Atlantic Sunrise project that we're very interested in. First, negotiations themselves. Obviously, you want to be involved in a project that you think will work and has constructibility aspects to it. And also, we want to make sure that the pipelines that we participate in are kind of slam dunk in terms of FERC approvals, those sorts of things. So we work very hard to that end to make sure those things happen. I don't think you'll see those, any of the projects that are on the drawing board right now who have progressed to almost to the prefiling stage of FERC be built in 2014. But I do think in 2014 with the projects that are coming on in November of this year, that we'll have spare capacity through that period of time. That's why we're pretty confident that we're not going to see some of the issues that plagued us in the third quarter. So with the current spare capacity coming on combined with 2015 projects that we know about, and I'll put Constitution out there for just a moment and try to give you a timeline for how these projects get built, we came up with a concept, the Constitution in November 2011. So it's been 2 years. But the good news there is it's just 17 months away. And in the pipeline world, that's not far. And it's going to open up a whole new world for us and others. And so these projects are kind of a 3, a 3.5-year horizon on completions. But keeping in mind, the Bcf that's coming on November was started about 3 years ago, and here we are. So they're ongoing. And again, I think we're in a very good position to be able to be a shipper on a number of projects.
Operator: Our next question is from Zach Berger of Conatus Capital.
Zachary Berger: My questions have been answered.
Operator: And the next question is from Matt Portillo of TPH.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question for me. In terms of in the Marcellus, you mentioned the longer lateral lengths over the next year. So I was wondering if you could give us some context in relation to your acreage position and how you think about kind of the longer term in terms of the lateral length you're able to achieve. Is that closer to 5,000, to 6000-foot in lateral length? Or just how should we think about kind of your drilling plans on a go-forward basis?
Dan O. Dinges: We will be able to achieve over 5,000-foot laterals.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And then just in regards to your drilling plans next year, you mentioned a very robust 180 to 190 wells. I was wondering how your inventory levels will fluctuate around that, and if you guys plan to maintain a similar inventory, potentially below down sort of inventory you have, or maybe see a little bit of build. Just trying to get some context around that.
Dan O. Dinges: So we'll have -- both areas will have a significant inventories out in front of us, the 400-foot spacing in the Eagle Ford. We have over 500 locations, and we have 3,000 locations in the Marcellus. And we're stacked in multiyear inventory based on the number of wells that we project to drill in '14.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry. Just -- I apologize. To clarify that, just in regards to the drilling program, you mentioned 180 to 190 wells. How should that compare to the completion side of it? So are you planning to kind of have a one-to-one drill to completion? Or will we expect the inventory to build a little bit next year in the Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges: No. We're going to have 7 rigs running. So when you drill several wells from a pad, and you're -- and you have more rigs, say, 7 versus 6, we would expect that, just by nature, you're going to have some drilling activity happening on now 7 pads versus 6, that's going to have wells that will be in the near-term backlog and in the Q waiting to be completed. So yes, we think that will build a little bit. And we also think that, obviously, the number of completed wells and completed stages will be increased also.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then last question for me on the Eagle Ford. I was just hoping to get an update on how you're thinking about spacing at this point in terms of the spacing between the wellbores and potentially tighter spacing on a go-forward basis?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, there's a lot of different pilot programs being conducted in the Eagle Ford, different areas. Of course, each area is unique with its own unique geology. But we have 400-foot spacing and results from 400-foot spacing that we're comfortable with. We will try wells slightly closer and see if there's merit to that. But certainly, at this stage, we're very comfortable with the data we have at 400 feet.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Thank you, Emily. Appreciate the questions. I hope that we were able to clarify how we arrived at our projections in our guidance and the supporting data that we used to determine that. And I think the focus has been, for the last 6 or 8 weeks, intently on the differentials. I think if you combined what our program offers and the continuing efficiencies that we deliver in our program, not only with the longer laterals and reduced cost, but our unit costs are going to continue to go down. And I think the bottom line and the measure of what you might be able to accomplish and yield return for the shareholders, I think, should be measured on what you can deliver in your report card at the end of the year. And with what we've seen in '13 so far, and what we see coming in the fourth quarter of '13, I think we will be able to deliver a report card at the end of the year that will be very robust and indicate what type of capital efficiency our program yields. Additionally, with what we see in '14 and the enhancements and improvements we see through our program in '14, I am very confident that we'll be able to deliver an equally impressive report card at the end of '14. Thanks for your attention. Goodbye.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Jeffrey W. Hutton - Vice President of Marketing James M. Reid - Vice President and Manager of South Region Scott C. Schroeder - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Abhishek Sinha - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Marshall Carver Louis Baltimore - Macquarie Research Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation's Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Andrew, and thank you all for joining us on this call. I have our executive team gathered here in the room with me, and they'll be prepared to answer any questions the group might have. Before we get started, let me say that the standard boilerplate language and forward-looking statements included in the press release do apply to my comments today. I plan to be brief with my comments regarding our operations discussion. However, in light of the many questions that we have received and the many media articles and speculative comments over regional basis differentials, we're going to change our typical approach to this call in order to discuss our marketing efforts in the Marcellus. We have posted a presentation titled Marcellus Marketing Supplementary Materials to our website, which can be found under the Presentations section of our website. We plan on talking about this material later in the call, and it will frame the majority of the discussion today. However, before we jump into that discussion, let me first discuss a few of the highlights of this past quarter, which happens to be the best quarter in Cabot's history, both operationally and financially. For the quarter, we grew production 52% over the second quarter of last year to a record 95.2 Bcfe, which equates to 1.046 Bcf per day of total company net production. Most of that growth was driven by our operations in the Marcellus, where the current gross production rate is approximately 1.2 Bcf per day. The recent jump in gross Marcellus production to over the 1.2 Bcf per day is a result of several new wells turned in line in addition to the commissioning of the Central compressor station in late June. The commissioning of Central had a very minimal impact on our second quarter results as it was not fully operational. We have witnessed a production gain of approximately 100 million to 150 million per day of gross production from existing wells as the station is served to lower line pressure in the western side of our acreage position. As I mentioned earlier, this was also Cabot's best quarter financially. We booked record net income and discretionary cash flows during the second quarter, which represented an increases of 148% and 109%, respectively, relative to the comparable quarter last year. As we announced in the press release last night, we have made the decision to add a sixth rig in the Marcellus, which will spud its first well next month. As a result of bringing in this sixth rig and the efficiency gains in our program, we have increased our total capital spending guidance range for the year to $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. We also tightened the range on our 2013 production growth guidance and increased both the bottom end and top end of the range, going from a 35% to 50% range to a 44% to 54% range. However, I would like to remind everyone that the addition of the sixth rig will have no impact on 2013 production as these wells would not be turned in line until next year. However, it certainly will give us a jump start for 2014. With that, I would like to move into our discussion on the marketing efforts in the Marcellus. Our marketing efforts and the regional basis differential have been the primary source of questions since our last call. I'll use the supplementary slides that I've referred to and that we've posted to the website as a framework for my next comments. On Slide 1 of the posted handout is our overall strategy for marketing our Marcellus gas. Our original objective was to diversify with multiple pipeline outlets to enhance our ability to move gas out of the basin to multiple markets while also mitigating our exposure to price volatility in regional differentials through our hedging program. To accomplish this, we have pursued many different avenues, including: diversifying all multiple pipelines; firm transportation agreements; long-term sales agreements, that's our firm sales; investing in new projects like the Constitution Pipeline; and opportunistically hedging a portion of our production. All of this provides us diverse opportunities to maximize the value of this tremendous resource. Slide 2 is a map of the interstate pipeline markets where we currently deliver our gas, which is into 3 different pipelines: the Tennessee 300 line, the Transco line and the Millennium line. With the addition of the Constitution Pipeline in March of '15, we will be adding the Iroquois line, the Tennessee 200 line and the TransCanada pipeline via the Iroquois line to the list as well, which would give us a total of 6. At this time, we certainly are fortunate to have access to 3 large interstate pipeline systems that all serve different market areas. It should also be noted that all 3 of the pipelines we currently deliver our gas to recently completed expansion projects and publicly announced expansion plans in the future, further expanding our marketing opportunities. I would also like to point out that, as most of you are already aware, the FERC application for Constitution Pipeline was filed during the second quarter and in-service is scheduled for March 31 of 2015. We continue to feel extremely confident about the project getting completed on time. Now let's move to Slide 3, which addresses our current and forecasted volumes of firm transportation contracts and long-term sales contracts. The terms of these agreements are bound by confidentiality agreements. Also note that these volumes are as of today, will change going forward as our marketing group continues to analyze future opportunities for Cabot. As a quick refresher on this topic, contracted sales volume under our firm transportation agreements are the quantities we have reserved space bar on a given interstate pipeline and allows us to ship gas without interruption. Contrary, our long-term contracted sales volumes are the volumes we have secured under a long-term sales agreement, ranging from 8-to-15 years in length. Keep in mind, though, we also have shorter-term deals, which when combined with these long-term arrangements, cover over 80% of our anticipated gas volumes for 2013. For all these volumes, the gas is shipped under our -- for the long-term contracted sales volumes, the gas is shipped under our customers' firm transportation agreements since many of our customers have owned the firm capacity on these pipelines since their inception. With regard to Cabot's firm transportation agreements, we currently hold 325 million per day of firm transportation and will add an additional 500 million per day of Cabot's firm transportation in early 2015 with the Constitution Pipeline. We also have an additional 50 million per day beginning in late '15 for a total of 875 million per day by the end of 2015. Additionally, we are in the process of negotiating select long-term firm transportation agreements that would begin late this year and would essentially increase our total firm transportation to 1 Bcf per day by the end of '15. Just to reiterate, in addition to our short-term sales agreements, we also currently have in place fully executed long-term sales agreements for over 600 million cubic foot per day of firm sales that range from, as I mentioned, a minimum of 8 years to 15 years in duration. All of these short-term and long-term sales volumes will utilize customers' firm transportation agreements and are mutually exclusive from the firm transportation volumes mentioned previously that rely on Cabot's firm transportation agreements. These agreements significantly reduce our exposure to basis differentials. We are very excited that these long-term contracts will complement Cabot's firm transportation strategy in the years to come, and we continue to look to grow these volumes over time. We believe our marketing team, with the relationships they have developed in the Appalachia region, coupled with being the first mover in the Northeast Pennsylvania area, has positioned us well as we continue to grow our production at record rates. Also, our continued commitment to growing production in the region due to the quality of our assets and our ability to recognize -- realize high rate of return even in low natural gas price environment, has provided a surety of supply that many of our customers require. As a result between our firm transportation contracts and our short-term and long-term sales contracts, the future demand requirements that we see and our relationships in the region, we are very confident and comfortable about our ability to market our growing production as we move forward. Moving to Slide 4, which lays out our interstate delivery capacity, including compression and dehydration infrastructure. We are on pace to reach 2.2 Bcf per day of gross interstate delivery capacity by the end of this year, up from our previously announced 2 Bcf per day. We have increased our 2014 total capacity from 2.9 Bcf per day to 3.4 Bcf per day. By the end of 2015, we expect to reach 3.7 Bcf per day of capacity. I would like to remind everyone that these are gross capacity volumes and are not indicative of anticipated production volumes, as we continue to focus our drilling program on the near term by capturing acreage, and we will certainly be drilling in areas where there is a lack of infrastructure at this current time. Slide 5 focuses on our unhedged realized pricing for natural gas in the Marcellus. There have been a lot of questions recently relating to basis differentials in the region and what the corresponding pricing is, so we have laid out the percentage splits of how we currently market our gas and price our gas. As we -- as you can see, the majority of our gas, about 2/3, is priced off the last day settle of NYMEX contract. The remaining production is primarily split between Columbia and Dominion indices. The Columbia indices has remained relatively strong and basically flat with NYMEX, while the Dominion has shown some weakness over the past month or so. Of the 19% we index off of Dominion, approximately 70% of those volumes are hedged through the remainder of 2013. As a result, we feel we have limited exposure in the near term if basis continues to remain soft for this index. For first quarter, one, second quarter -- for first quarter and second quarter in aggregate, we sold our Marcellus gas approximately flat to NYMEX on an Mcf pre-hedged basis. The concern has been over recent pricing, so we have also laid out our July realizations. You will notice that July was, in fact, relatively softer as we realized $0.15 per Mcf less than NYMEX for the month on a pre-hedged basis, which is lower than our year-to-date spread. For the remainder of the year, we are forecasting a differential of approximately $0.10 to $0.15 per Mcf less than NYMEX. However, as pipeline additions come online in the back half of the year and winter weather materializes, these numbers could easily revert to what we had historically realized. I would also like to point out that even assuming a 10% to 15% differential at current prices, our typical Marcellus well, defined as a 14 Bcf average, provides a 120% return. Slide 6 is a recap of our current hedge position. We have about 750 million per day hedged for the remainder of the year at a floor of $3.75, and approximately 450 million a day hedged for '14 at a floor of $4.10, all aligned with Marcellus gas production. We will continue to opportunistically add hedges for '14. These slides should fully explain our marketing efforts and hopefully have answered all or the majority of the questions anybody may have. We believe that our current marketing strategy, including our hedging program, has us well positioned for continued success, even in the face of commodity price and basis volatility. Now let's move on to some of the operational highlights for the quarter. In the Marcellus, we continue to see stellar well results across our acreage position. As I mentioned earlier, we are currently producing about 1.2 Bcf per day gross from only 226 horizontal wells. During the quarter, we turned in line 23 wells and currently have a backlog of 37 wells, or 781 stages, either waiting on completion -- completing or waiting on pipeline. As for individual wells, in last night's release, we highlighted step-outs from our Zick area, including a 2-well pad to the Northeast with 27 stages and had an IP of 34.8 million a day and a 30-day average of 28.1 million a day. We had another 2-well pad to the north of the Zick area. That was completed with 37 stages and had an IP of 51 million per day and an average of 30 -- a 30-day average of 43.6 million a day. During the quarter, we also achieved and saw our fastest well to 5 Bcf of accumulative production, and that happened in 157 days. We also realized our fastest well to 7 Bcf of accumulative production, and that happened in less than a year at 358 days. Our team in Pennsylvania continues to drive the efficiency gains in our Marcellus program, which is further evidenced by a reduction in average drilling days, and that is spud to total depth from 16 days in '12 to 14 days in the second quarter of '13. And that's despite drilling longer laterals in the second quarter of '13. We also achieved a new record on the completion side by completing 9 stages in a 24-hour period with 1 frac crew. They're doing a very good job. Additionally, we have previously announced we ran our first-ever frac pump off line gas directly from the field and continue to implement the use of CNG in our operations, which we think will further drive down drilling and completion costs as we move forward. Now let me move to a brief comment in the south and in our operations in the Eagle Ford. We currently have 1 rig operating in the play. We will drop a Pearsall rig and add a rig to the Eagle Ford at the end of this month, which is the level we expect to maintain for the remainder of the year. The second rig will be a walking rig and will focus solely on pad drilling efforts, which will consist of 4-to-6 wells per pad. As a reminder, we currently have 50 wells producing in our Buckhorn area and have approximately 500 net identified locations remaining in that area, which implies over a decade's worth of drilling opportunities, assuming a 2-rig drilling program. As far as the Pearsall, in the third quarter, we will end the drilling at -- in the Pearsall for our 2013 time period. As planned and discussed in the previous call, we will monitor the production from these wells, continue to watch industry activity for the end of the year. A brief comment in the Marmaton, that we will be slowing down our operations there with us moving the rig to the Eagle Ford. And we will also go -- continue to maintain our acreage position up there if it in fact entails additional drilling or extensions. Our team in the south region continues to focus their efforts on improving our well performance in the Eagle Ford and driving down well cost further. As the release highlighted -- and it's worth repeating -- our last 6 producing wells in the Eagle Ford had averaged a 24-hour peak rate of 900 barrels BOE per day, and our Eagle Ford area is about 90% oil. And that well -- those 6 wells had a 30-day average rate of approximately 570 BOE per day, which is outperforming our average type curve. In terms of size, we also released information on our first extended lateral well in the Eagle Ford, which had a lateral length of 8,000 feet and a 24-hour peak rate of approximately 1,130 BOE per day, again, 90% oil. Equally impressive, however, is the fact that the well held up well and is currently producing about 1,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day after 120 days. We have also made significant steps in our operational efficiencies in the play by reducing average drilling days in the Eagle Ford from 15 days in '12 to approximately 9 days in the second quarter in '13. We continue to work on driving well costs and anticipate the move to pad drilling will reduce Eagle Ford well costs by $500,000 to $600,000 per well, all very positive news for our Eagle Ford program as we continue to focus on accelerating value in this play going forward through operational efficiencies. However, I would like to point out that as a result of our pad drilling initiatives in the Eagle Ford and the associated increase in the spud-to-sale timing, because we're drilling pad wells -- they'll sit there longer -- we are slightly lowering our liquids production growth guidance for the year. So in summary, we continue to be very pleased with our progress, operations progress, the growth generated from our assets, the efficiency gains, et cetera. These results delivered the best quarter in Cabot's history, and we feel like the best is yet to come. Our confidence in the future is evidenced by the announced stock split and the 100% increase in dividends. Andrew, with those brief comments, I'll be happy to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Appreciate the color with regards to the basis differentials in your comments and the -- in your contracts. When you put your firm transport and your long-term sales contracts together and look at it in 2015, how, if at all, would your exposure to the 65% NYMEX, 30% local hubs that we see in 2013 -- you detail on Slide 5 -- change? Do you expect a meaningful shift in that split?
Dan O. Dinges: No.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And so then, I guess the question -- the follow-up question then would be, what is the current market like to sign NYMEX-linked agreements? Because the worry by others -- or the worry by some would be that for incremental contract signs, that would have to be or will stay at a discount to NYMEX.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay, I will pass that baton to Jeff Hutton.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: You're exactly right, in today's environment would not be ideal to be signing long-term agreements. We expect that environment to obviously improve. We think this it is just a temporary glitch. The majority of our contracts were signed -- I'm not going to disclose weeks, months, years, whatever -- a while back. We've only had one small long-term contract we've entered into recently, and it was one that was negotiated for a number of months. And the pricing never changed on it.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, as you've seen your production grow since Central compression has come on, or since the end of the quarter, can you just talk about how recent growth in the Marcellus -- how much of that has been because of favorable line pressures that have come as a result to bringing Central compression on, the tying in of new wells or just better well performance and really trying to isolate whether you've seen an improvement in well performance or whether the recent increase in -- the very recent increase in production is more to just the timing of some of these midstream and completion factors?
Dan O. Dinges: So we have felt good about the -- what we've seen on Central. Keep in mind, Central is still in the start-up phase. In my opinion, we have -- we've done a great job. And certainly, Williams has done a great job in getting a very complicated infrastructure system up, running and in place. But as any big operational project, we have ups and downs and starting at different times -- starting and stopping at different times. And we also have -- as part of the turbine process at Central, we have 3 re-sips at Central also. So when you look at the area of our current production, let's take the gross 1.2 Bcf, Central does not touch all of that. But when you look at the impact, we think we have seen early stage and the results of just Central and not of new production, we think it has been a plus or minus 15% positive effect on existing wells.
Operator: The next question comes from Abhi Sinha of Bank of America.
Abhishek Sinha - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm standing here for Doug Leggate. Just want to -- a quick one. So now you have added a sixth rig early on in the Marcellus. So we wanted to see like what stack really actually looks like in 2014 or in the outer years. And the follow-up will be like, where do we see the activity levels ultimately going up, given you have step-up in the cash flow?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, as far as the rig count is concerned, we haven't given any guidance out beyond '13 at this time. We'll get more color at our next conference call in October. But our tentative plan at this stage would be to add another rig to have 7 rigs running in the field in '14. And certainly, with the growth that we see out in front of us right now, we are quite optimistic and positive about continuing our story out in front of us.
Abhishek Sinha - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. And just again, in the Marcellus, how far you think you're away from being in full pad development mode? And would you have, like, 500 feet spacing and all developing forward?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, as we were still moving the rigs around in the field, capturing primary term acreage, so we have not gotten to the stage yet where we have gone and can go into full development mode. We do anticipate in '14 to have some rig activity on pads to implement pad development. But some of our rigs, also in '14, will continue to capture acreage. Full pad development will move out towards '15 when we can start talking about maybe all of our activity being on pad drilling. And as far as the spacing is concerned, we will continue to evaluate the most efficient spacing on our wells. Some of that work will be -- began in earnest once we are able to do some pad drilling.
Operator: The next question comes from Pearce Hammond of Simmons & Company.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Dan, what are current well costs right now in the Marcellus for Cabot? And how do you see them changing when you do start drilling some of those very large pads that you were just referring to?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we've seen efficiencies. And looking at our typical -- again, back to our typical type 14 Bcf well, we're in the, say, upper-$5 million to mid-$6 million range, depending on effects on roads and locations and whatnot. And we have -- as you're aware, we have in our presentation, our media presentation, we have a slide that depicts some of the savings that we think we're going to realize comparing a 10-well pad versus a 2-well pad. And we think that, that savings -- from what we drill right now, we think that savings would be greater than $500,000 per well once we are able to move to pad drilling.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. And then one follow-up. Any updated thoughts on the potential divestiture of the Marmaton?
Dan O. Dinges: No. We continue to have our same mentality about the Marmaton and the other areas that we are not allocating a great deal of capital to. And if we find the right opportunity, and it looks like we could find a win-win deal out there, then we would consider divesting the Marmaton or saving the Marmaton.
Operator: The next question comes from Marshall Carver of Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
Marshall Carver: A couple of questions. You talked about the Central compression still being in the start-up phase. How do you see the growth from Q2 to Q3 and from Q3 to Q4 for the overall production for the company this year?
Dan O. Dinges: Oh, I don't have that in my fingertips. We did revise the overall guidance from the 35% to 50% to the 44% to 54%. I -- Marshall, I'm sorry, but I don't have just right at my fingertips the progression through third and fourth quarter. But we are -- and we do anticipate that the Central compressor, as we continue to work it, the fuel guys continue to manage the fuel directionality of our gas based on the areas of lower pressure on the gathering system. We do expect it will be a learning curve from our guys in the field, and we do expect to see efficiency gains by virtue of this reduced line pressure.
Marshall Carver: And one -- switching modes to the Eagle Ford. The longer lateral was significantly better. Do you think the -- you're going to plan on drilling mostly longer laterals heading forward? And what would you say your overall Eagle Ford EURs are now, based on the better results?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, certainly, we're very pleased with the longer laterals and are -- the longer lateral. And by virtue of those results, our guys are evaluating the layout in the field and will make an effort to drill the longer laterals than what we have been drilling in the past. I don't have and have not seen a well count yet on how many we'll be able to get out to 7,000 or 8,000 feet, but I know that they are working on that. And with the assumption and continued good curve bits over and above our typical wells, we think we could move our EUR up in the Eagle Ford, but we're not prepared to do that at this stage.
Operator: The next question comes from Louis Baltimore of Macquarie.
Louis Baltimore - Macquarie Research: In the Eagle Ford, while the first extended lateral have a very strong IP rate, after 120 days of production, it was producing essentially right in line with that 24-hour IP. Can you comment on basically what was done in this well to keep production essentially flat for an entire 4 months?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I'll make a brief comment then I'll throw it to Matt. Certainly pleased and knew -- when we look at the flowback profile and it had a lot of stages in there, and I don't know, as it flowed back, it's made a difference or -- if we're in fractures or what. But I'll let Matt make a brief comment.
James M. Reid: As Dan said, we frac-ed 30 stages in that well, and that well came on and was relatively flat, decreased slightly in its performance. But I think what we -- what happened was we continued to get contribution from additional stages as we went on. I think we got contribution early along from the field. And later on, we started to get contribution from the other stages. And as a matter of fact, it just continues to get stronger. We've been seeing that well continue to improve in performance even today. So I think what's happened is we're getting additional contribution from additional stages. We also have done a few things differently in our completion techniques, and I think that's helped as well.
Louis Baltimore - Macquarie Research: And then I just have one follow-up question related to the Marmaton. Initially, it looked like the returns in the Marmaton were as good, if not better, than those in the Eagle Ford. And so I was wondering what drove the move of that one rig from the Marmaton to the Eagle Ford? Is it the increased efficiencies you're seeing in the Eagle Ford now?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have the increased efficiencies that we are realizing in the Eagle Ford. We have higher cost acreage in the Eagle Ford. We have more of a maintenance -- my primary term, maintenance issue in the Eagle Ford that we need to focus on. And then that is the motivation to focus 2 rigs down there versus 1. We are very pleased with the Marmaton, and your numbers are accurate and consistent with ours on the good returns we get from the Marmaton. We think for '13 that our primary term acreage position up in the Marmaton is in pretty good shape. So that -- all of that has influenced our decision on how to allocate our capital.
Operator: The next question comes from Amir Arif of Stifel.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. On the step-out well to the north, the production for frac stage was even better. Are you moving to higher frac stages out there? Or is this just something specific to that one area that you needed to do?
Dan O. Dinges: No. We see variability in the wells. And no, it was not more frac stages. We see variability in some of the wells -- not a great delta. But we do see some in some areas. We have a better, maybe fracture system that we're connected to and can fracture into, but -- we have seen those type of performances not only in the wells you are talking about, but we've seen those type of performances on a per-stage basis on some of the wells also in our areas we've done majority of our drilling.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So there's no real meaningful change happening in the number of frac stages you're doing per well? [indiscernible] own program?
Dan O. Dinges: That's correct. Correct.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then just a -- and then a follow-up quick question on the Eagle Ford. Is -- or are you holding that well back? Is that well being choked back? Or is there surface constraints? Or is that [indiscernible] what you talked about in terms of other stages slowly coming on?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. No, we don't have it -- we don't have it choked back or held back at this stage. I think along the lines, what Matt indicated, it's seeing -- as we go and as we produce, think additional contributions from additional stages.
Operator: The next question comes from Bob Brackett of Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Question on new venture strategy. Are you guys going to be doing anything along that for the next year or so?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have talked about new ventures in the form of portfolio management. And the Marmaton has been an area that we've discussed on maybe new venture opportunity. We have also looked at some of our legacy conventional assets in the Gulf Coast, and we also look at some of our East Texas properties as far as maybe an opportunity that we would create for Cabot.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Portillo of Tudor, Pickering, and Holt.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick questions from me in regards to the Eagle Ford. First, I was just hoping if we could get a little bit of color on the date to drill at this point?
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. As far as the reduction in days to drill from down to approximately 9 from spud to TD?
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Correct.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Matt? I'm...
James M. Reid: Sure. We've done several things. It's not just one. We've changed our bottom hole assembly so that we don't trip as many times for our directional assemblies. We've cut that trip time basically almost to one trip. That's been a big, big plus. We've pushed our motors to differentials such that we're -- our P rates are much higher -- penetration rates are much higher than they were. And also, we've changed the way that we check our directional surveys such that we don't have to [indiscernible] the way we used to. We take regular signals, so we cut that time drastically in half. It just [indiscernible] from other rig efficiencies as well.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And then as we think about the 2 rigs you're running in the play today, could you give us a little bit of color on how many wells that would be per year in terms of drilling completion? And I guess, as you mentioned, the 500 net wells in the play kind of -- it looks like there could be some potential for acceleration as you move out into '14 and '15, given the free cash flow generation, but just trying to get a little bit better understanding of how you think about capital allocation to the Eagle Ford.
Dan O. Dinges: All right. On the rig efficiency, we're probably looking at 20 to 25, plus or minus, as far as moving forward.
James M. Reid: Yes. I could speak a little bit. Just -- you can look at it this way: we -- on our pad drilling on our first well and our rig move, it's about an 18 day from move to rig release to the next well. And then on every additional well, it's additional 13 days. So roughly, you can take that on a 4-well pad, I think that's roughly 57 days, and you can do the math on the 6-well pad. So you can do the math as far as that goes on a [indiscernible] basis.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And I guess just in regards to the 500 net wells, do you think you're kind of optimally completing or allocating capital to the play with the 2 rigs running? Or is there the potential to accelerate it as you move into '14 and '15, given the corporate free cash flow generation?
Dan O. Dinges: Certainly. Certainly, there's the opportunity to improve that. And my reference to an extended 500-well program and how long that would last -- I would just reference to 2-well program because that's where we're going to drill right now. But when you look at the efficiency gains that we anticipate making on pad drilling and you then roll back, and once we are able to justify and realize consistent efficiency gains, get the well costs down, show the improvement hopefully that we plan on seeing in the IPs and 30-day average in the IRR, then we will make a decision on how much of our free cash we will continue to allocate to the Eagle Ford, which, certainly, if Matt and his guys can do this pad drilling, they can drive the costs down and continue to deliver and we can get the returns up into the 60%, 70%, 80% range, there's a lot of justification on allocating CAPEX to those type of projects.
Operator: The next question comes from Drew Venker of Morgan Stanley.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm assuming you could talk about the Marcellus infrastructure capacity in the second half of the year and into 2014. I guess are you -- your facility is constrained now at that 1.2 Bcf a day?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I don't think we're facility constrained per se. Where our gas is producing, though, into a high line pressure, I think we have seen that by adding additional facilities in the form of the Central compression station, that by reducing those line pressures, I think -- well, we think we have seen a plus or minus 15% improvement from the existing wells. So if by definition that is part of facility constraints, maybe so.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So I guess you have -- it's sounds like you have a number of projects underway to help I guess reduce line pressure and allow you to continue to grow throughout the year. So we have to bring those additional projects online to increase production in the back half of the year? Or is the -- I guess is the Central Station going to help you increase production in the back half?
Dan O. Dinges: We plan on producing production in the back half, and I'll let Jeff make some comments.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Drew, I think you hit the nail on the head. There's multiple, multiple projects that are going on. Some happened leading up to Central. Central obviously was a major milestone, and a lot will happen between now the end of the year. And these projects include additional horsepower throughout the system, bridge lines, larger diameter pipes, additional section lines. I mean, the list goes on and on. The idea is to build a system that will -- that can enhance our production with lower line pressure, and we've got a ways to go. But these facilities are on schedule, and it's very dynamic, very fluid. So there's always something going on as we build this out.
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the downspacing tests you've already drilled, can you talk about the performance so far?
Dan O. Dinges: I'm sorry, on which one?
Andrew Venker - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On the downsizing test. You guys drilled upper and lower Marcellus, I believe?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, we -- yes, we have very few examples on the -- with the upper Marcellus, and we've been pleased with those results. And what we've indicated in the past is what we see as far as the curved pit is kind of an A+ Bcf type run on the upper.
Operator: The next question comes from Gil Yang of DISCERN.
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: Following up on Brian's question from early on, you outlined nicely how the firm transportation grows and -- but your exposure to NYMEX doesn't really change with those new contracts. But does the differential change with the increase in firm transportation versus the long-term contracts?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay, Gil, I think I got your question, but we'll try this. The trades -- or excuse me, the FT, the transportation contracts, as they increase, we expect to have less exposure to basis differentials. Our long-term contracts are -- I mean, we've kind of outlined here very specifically just how they play out and what we're currently experiencing on basis. Is that helpful?
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: I think so. But I -- yes. So your exposure to NYMEX doesn't change as you've said, but at the same time, you're long-term contracts that are -- but because you're more firm transportation, you also have less exposure to long-term contracts overall. So I would expect that the differentials improved.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Well, if -- in a perfect world, if differentials didn't move around like we all know they do, then the firm transportation contracts do take us places that have higher and better basis differentials in today's world.
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: Okay, got you. And then with the Eagle Ford well, I was just curious -- very strong well obviously, and you've commented why it's got a good decline rate. But why -- is there something different about this well that allows those extra stages to come online, whereas other wells don't do that as consistently?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: I just think it's a longer lateral. I mean, it's just basically just friction. It think you tend to produce the heel stages first and then you get contribution from the tow stages as you draw down the pressure in the heel stages.
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: Okay. So you're just saying that, that dynamic is just more pronounced with the longer lateral?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: It's just a limit capacity.
Operator: The next question comes from Ray Deacon of Brean Capital.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Dan, I was wondering if you could comment on your EURs per 1,000 foot of lateral drilled. It seems like a couple of your competitors have increased their numbers, and your number is still around 2.3 Bcf. I guess, have you seen any data that would back up an increase in that?
Dan O. Dinges: Which ones?
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Well, basically, EURs in the Marcellus per 1,000 foot of lateral drilled, I guess the 14 Bcf EURs.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we're not -- we're looking at our curved pits, Ray, and we have a 14 Bcf-type of well that we've assigned and identified as our typical well because there's always variability in the number of stages and the lateral lengths. But on a per thousand foot of lateral length, we're comfortable with where we are. And if down the road we can see some improvements, then we'll recognize those. But we're comfortable where we are right now and don't feel like we need to push it.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. And just to follow up on your earlier comments about interstate pipeline capacity additions, I guess do you have an estimate of how much capacity will be added in terms of total takeaway on big trunk lines over the next year or 2 in Northeast Pennsylvania?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, I'll let Jeff handle it, Ray.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Ray, I've got some numbers. They're more fun facts that -- like a bentex [ph] where someone would publish. But essentially, Northeast -- there's probably 1.5 Bcf of new capacity coming on by year end as a number of new projects. Again, it's very dynamic. There's just a ton of projects that are proposed. And just like any other, about half of these projects will get built. But we look at it 2 ways because you look at pipelines that are normal expansions, like the Texas [indiscernible] that we do not have capacity on, we don't produce into. It does regionally influence where gas flows and what happens to pricing. And then we look more specifically at the pipelines we're connected to and will be connected to and the expansion projects that those pipes have. Over the next few years -- it's a big number. And some of those projects won't get built, and some will get built and then expanded upon. So it's a moving target, but we feel good about the expansions that have just happened in the last 12 months, for example. And so the ones going forward will only enhance what our opportunities are.
Operator: The next question comes from Biju Perincheril of Jefferies.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: One more marketing-related question. So it looks like you're probably moving about 500 to maybe plus million cubic feet of gas on short-term contracts. Can you talk about, say, in the next couple of years, how many of those contracts or maybe aggregate volumes that are falling over or expiring?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: No, we're not going to get that detail. But just for an example, this year, we're probably 80% of our production is sold under contracts that are existing. That number moves around. We have -- the market is quite dynamic in how it purchases gas. There's still a lot of buyers out there for 1-year deals and a lot of buyers for April, October deals and November, March deals and 1-month deals. I mean, it's all over the place. But if it helps, we're about 80% sold for this year currently.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then -- so then, is the remaining 20% then moving on interruptible capacity? Or...
Jeffrey W. Hutton: No. It's moving under firm capacity. It's just sold in the month-to-month market.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then Central compressor station. Is there still a phase 2 expansion there this year? And how do we think about -- is that the same sort of impact to lower field-wide pressures?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: There is a phase 2 to Central. It is not this year. It's at the end of 2014.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And when that comes on, it'll have a similar impact? Or is that more at that point, a discharge point for Constitution?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: It'll do both, and there will be -- there's a lot of projects between now and then, so we have no idea of the effect, but we know that it's from the hydraulics perspective, from our planning teams. It's going to be very helpful.
Operator: The next question comes from Jack Aydin of KeyBanc.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Most of the questions were asked, but I've got 3 to follow up. A, when you did last year's reserve, what -- is it pad? What kind of booking did you book those wells? At PUD -- PDP or PUD -- on a PUD basis?
Dan O. Dinges: Zick?
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Dan O. Dinges: Zick was on a PDP basis for the majority of that.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it's fair to assume that the performance of those wells that you just announced 2 miles and 5 miles away, you were looking at the same type of reserve kind of booking?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we're pleased with those wells out there. The early curved pit is good, and the consistency we see from -- Halliwell [ph] has come on and how they continue to pit the curve is consistent, I should say. And so we're very pleased with what we're seeing out there.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Good. Now, Dan, what do you think -- what percentage of your acreage now in Susquehanna have been de-risked in your mind?
Dan O. Dinges: 80%.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: 80%? Okay. Next question I have for you is this: in the Marcellus over there in Susquehanna, you've got different formations. Are you doing any different -- drilling different pilot projects to test the other formation beside the Marcellus? Or that -- or you don't need to do it now?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we don't -- one, we don't need to do it now. And right now, we are focused on the lower Marcellus at this stage. We have -- in the past, to gather data, we have drilled deeper than the Marcellus. And certainly, we've looked at sections shallower than the Marcellus. But that's just data in the bank right now.
Operator: The next question comes from Gordon Douthat of Wells Fargo.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Have you -- I know you've been asked this question before, but given kind of the dividend increase and the increase in production, how do you -- going forward, how do you look at balancing acceleration versus returning cash to shareholders as you've kind of looked at this free cash flow profile going forward?
Scott C. Schroeder: Gordon, this is Scott. Clearly, the -- what we have said throughout the second quarter and throughout the first half of this year when we've been asked the question, based on the parameters, the number one thing to do is to accelerate the Marcellus and that we made an initial attempt to do that with the sixth rig. Clearly, the horizon for the free cash flow and the level of free cash flow, while we haven't given guidance to '14, we're very comfortable with that concept for '14. And so we did take the opportunity, as we have done every time we've split the stock before, to make some move on the dividend. Dividend, this is not a final step with the dividend, but at the same time, we're not going to guarantee we're going to move it again in '14, but it is going to continue both the Marcellus and with the latest kind of results from the Eagle Ford, will become part of the operational acceleration discussion, as Dan said, depending on what kind of returns we can affect in the Eagle Ford. But dividend will still be a close kind of second to that operational discussion as we talk in the future.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Do you have a longer-term growth target for the company? Or...
Scott C. Schroeder: In terms of dividend or just growth from the...
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: For production growth?
Scott C. Schroeder: We are working on a model out through '17 that we'll finalize in the next month. But historically, we've kind of done it 1 year at a time simply because there is a lot of noise.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Andrew. I appreciate everybody's diligence and the questions that were asked. Again, a lot of questions on clarity from the marketing side of it. I think the takeaway is that we are very comfortable where we sit today and our marketing and its impact on realized pricing for Cabot in spite of the volatility we see out there. And I think you've also seen some very good results in the eastern portion, again, supporting our thesis all along, the de-risking of acreage out that way. And I think -- and I was pleased to see a number of new questions regarding our Eagle Ford operation as we are now starting to show some efficiency capture and some gains in that particular operation. So I'm pleased with where we are. Thanks for the interest, and we will continue to perform. Thanks. And that concludes my remarks.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect. And have a good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Jeffrey W. Hutton - Vice President of Marketing Scott C. Schroeder - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Abhishek Sinha - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Louis Baltimore - Macquarie Research Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Maureen. I appreciate the introduction, and good morning. Thank you for joining us for this call. I have a number of our executive management team with me in the room this morning. Before we start, let me say that the standard boilerplate forward-looking statements included in the press release do apply to my comments today. On the call today, we plan to cover several topics: our first quarter 2013 operating and financial results, an update on our expectations for all of 2013, followed by an update on operations in the Marcellus, Eagle Ford, Marmaton and Pearsall. Before I go into the details on these topics, let me first start with the highlights from last night's press release. For the first quarter of 2013, we produced 89.3 Bcfe, an increase of 50% over last year's comparable quarter and 13% over the fourth quarter of '12. During the quarter, we set new quarterly records for production, revenue, operating cash flows and discretionary cash flows even in light of the relative low realized natural gas price. We continued to de-risk our acreage position in the Marcellus, stepping out our drilling to the Eastern portion a little further than we had previously, and these results are very consistent with our initial drilling area. We also see noteworthy results from our Marmaton program. Now for the quarter, moving into the financial and operational results. The company reported clean earnings of $54.2 million, or $0.26 per share, up 90% over last year's comparable quarter. Discretionary cash flow was $234.4 million, up 69% over last year's comparable quarter. The increases were driven by higher relevant -- excuse me, higher equivalent production and, to a lesser extent, higher realized crude oil prices that more than offset the weaker natural gas prices. Total per unit cost, including financing, were down 15% compared to the first quarter of '12, as all operating expense categories decreased on a per unit basis, except for transportation and gathering and G&A expenses. Transportation and gathering expenses were up slightly from additional Marcellus infrastructure expansion, while G&A increased due to the company's higher stock price and the resulting mark-to-market for our liability awards. As I mentioned earlier, we had another record quarter for our production. As anticipated, Cabot averaged slightly less than 1 Bcfe per day of total company net production. Our daily production moved up modestly from this average thus far in the second quarter as well completions continued to add to current production levels. We still believe that production will be somewhat ranged down until late June when Central compression becomes operational. This long-anticipated infrastructure addition was originally designed as a primary discharge station into Springville pipeline that goes down to the Transco line. However, combined with our newly installed infrastructure, Central will now assume the role of managing overall field pressure while also acting as the primary discharge station to the Constitution Pipeline, which is scheduled for March of '15. In addition to Central, we will be seeing incremental new compression and dehydration facilities being commission throughout the remainder of '13, putting us at a total gathering capacity of 2 Bcf per day by the end of the year, as planned. On our guidance last night, we reaffirmed our full year equivalent production growth range of 35% to 50% for the year. Annualizing first quarter daily volumes gets you to the low end of our guidance. Additionally, our cost guidance was also unchanged for the year, as was our expected capital program of $950 million to $1.025 billion. On our hedging, in terms of the recent uptick in natural gas prices, we, like many, have utilized the late winter conditions and increasing prices to add to our hedge levels in both '13 and '14. Today, we're about 62% hedged for 2013 based on the midpoint of our guidance, with no immediate plans to add additional hedges at this time for '13. For '14, we have 30 contracts with $300 million collateral -- collared for our natural gas hedges, and we'll continue to be opportunistic adding to this position. Now let's move into the operational side of the business. In late March, we achieved a new 24-hour gross production rate in the Marcellus at a record of 1.054 million cubic foot -- excuse me, 1.054 Bcf a day. During the quarter, we turned in line 17 horizontal Marcellus wells. However, most of the wells that were turned in line offset some of our existing production as a result of the field pressure constraints. As I mentioned before, we expect the field pressure constraints to be relieved mid-year when the Central compression station comes online. Here are a couple of milestones from some of our wells that occurred during the quarter. We had our first well reach 8 Bcf of cumulative production in just 667 days. That kind of equates to about a 12 million a day average. We also had our fastest well -- wells to reach 3 Bcf and 6 Bcf of cumulative production in only 88 days and 270 days, respectively. Also, we continue to add additional data points on our acreage position. And as the press release highlighted, we brought on line 2 wells in the quarter towards the east of our acreage and east of our Zick pad that recorded IP rates of over 16 million a day and 22 million a day for a 9-stage well and a 17-stage well, respectively. Our completion efforts continued to improve, with a significant uptick in activity during the quarter, as highlighted, with a 70% increase in completed stages from the first quarter of 2012 and 23% over the fourth quarter level. We currently have 429 stages completing or cleaning up or waiting to be turned in line, along with an additional 279 stages waiting to be completed in the Marcellus. We are also pleased to announce that our CNG station in Susquehanna became operable during the quarter. Our CNG initiative will not only result in reduced energy costs for the company, but it will certainly allow us to utilize the energy efficiencies and environmental-friendly natural gas. We currently have 44 fleet vehicles running on natural gas, and we are waiting technology to allow our water hauling trucks that have bigger power units in them to afford us the same opportunity. Operating rigs on natural gas and when extensive pad drilling becomes a reality, which will happen towards the end of this year and early in '14, using natural gas to power the completion process will clearly lead to several cost-saving opportunities. This is just another component of our efficiency program. On the Marcellus infrastructure, we continue to see good progress on the infrastructure program by our midstream partner. Williams is on schedule with right-of-ways, permitting, construction and all the ancillary aspects of continuing an ongoing infrastructure build-out. Recently, we had a few questions regarding the timing of our Constitution Pipeline. And although our actual FERC filing had been delayed a few months, we do expect to file a FERC in early June, and we'll see no changes in the Constitution in-service date of March 2015. Now let's move to our South region. In our South region, we continue to hold acreage in the Eagle Ford through our Pearsall drilling. We had 3 rigs operating in the Pearsall, 1 rig has moved back to the Eagle Ford during the quarter and 1 in the Marmaton. The Pearsall, it's still a young play and remains a science project for us, much like Marmaton in the early days. We have a thick column of hydrocarbon and continue to work on all aspects of drilling and completing a cost-effective well. The matrix porosity in finding the extensive fractures remains an issue as the wells are productive. But when you look at the rates compared to the costs so far, it makes it economically challenging when you compare that to our investment alternatives. The joint decision with Osaka is to finish up the drilling program as we had planned, and as such, the plan for the full year is to drill a total of 15 gross horizontal wells in the Pearsall. Currently, we are drilling 3 wells. Well, 3 wells are completing, waiting on completion, and 9 wells are producing on line. The 30-day average production rate for the 6 wells that have produced for 30 days or more is over 600 Bcf -- Bcf, that'd be great -- 600 BOE per day, with an average of 50% oil cut. We continue to refine the placement of laterals within the formation and try to optimize our completion procedures. Moving to the Eagle Ford. We don't have a whole lot to say on the Eagle Ford since we just moved a rig back there during the quarter. But to date, we have 43 wells producing in the Buckhorn area, with 3 wells waiting on completion and 1 well currently drilling. While we've had limited activity, as I mentioned, in the Eagle Ford due to the Pearsall effort, our last 4 wells produced at an average 24-hour rate of over 650 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with an oil cap of approximately 90%. During the quarter, we drilled our longest lateral to date in the Eagle Ford at 8,200 feet. The well was completed with 30 stages and is still in the early, early stages of flowback. However, it is already providing oil rates above the field average IP. It's good data but still very early. In the Marmaton, during the quarter, we completed 5 wells, with an average of 21 stages per well. We keep gaining efficiencies there. These wells averaged an initial production rate of over 800 barrels of oil equivalent per day. So we continue to be very pleased with our operation, the growth generated from our assets and progress we're making on a number of fronts. The Marcellus continues to deliver outstanding results, and efficiency enhancements are just around the corner as we continue our planning for full pad development. The Marmaton cost reductions and well results are materially better, and work in progress in the Pearsall continues with more easy drilling on the horizon. With over -- with the overall macro environment, the natural gas improving, which includes future natural gas demand expectations, and our expanding production base, I think we are certainly in an excellent position to continue to deliver significant value to our shareholders. With those brief comments, Maureen, I'll be more than happy to answer any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is Amir Arif from Stifel.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Couple of quick questions. One, can you just tell me what was your backlog of completions at the start of '13 and where you think that's going to be at the end of '13?
Dan O. Dinges: So our backlog, are you talking about just Marcellus?
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, just Marcellus.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Our backlog stays relative consistent throughout. If you look at the, say, 5 rigs running, and we have several wells, a couple, either 2 or 3 wells, on each pad at this time, and we're drilling a little bit longer laterals and we are -- reduced our spacing on frac stages for our '13 program, we will continue to have, oh, about 500 to 750 stages in the queue, if you will, just waiting for the rig to move off location and the frac crew to get lined up and scheduled to move on those locations that the rig moved off. So Amir, it's a similar number as we have right now.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it's not really -- it's not being constrained because of the compression or dehy, it's more just getting the frac crews out. Is that the first step?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, it is just the operational logistics out in the field.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a second question, if you can give any color on what your thoughts are on the free cash flow used as you start up in '14?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have had a number of questions in regard to that, and we're certainly, again, cognizant of the fact of the excellent returns that we get from the Marcellus. So -- in fact, we had a slide in our investor presentation that kind of outlines various different options. But when you look at a primary consideration and the most value creation, it would be to enhance our Marcellus capital contribution and expand that program in a material way. But we also look at either dividend increase, special dividend, share buybacks and -- but the free cash that we anticipate of any material sense will begin in earnest in 2014.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. But it still sounds like you're leaning more towards accelerating activity. So is that a decision still to firm up in the second half?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, yes. Yes, it is. It's a decision and a conversation that we continuously have internally. And we also have ongoing work with the North region in looking at what is possible and still be able to maintain our level of [indiscernible].
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one final quick question. In the Reilly pad, have you drilled wells out there yet or are you step -- or you're just totally stepping out in that direction?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we've drilled wells, but we do not yet have the pipeline hooked up to that pad location. We are -- I can't tell you the exact status of that particular pipeline, but the expectation is, early part of third quarter, we ought to have a pipeline out there.
Operator: Our next question is from Pearce Hammond, Simmons Company.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Dan, just following up on the prior questioner. Given the jump in gas prices, do you foresee any -- a change in activity for this year or maybe pursuing that very large well pad?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, Pearce, we have all been blessed with an uptick in the natural gas price. And when we have in our initial plan, in our operation moving into '13, we thought about not only having one completion crew, but we had explored the opportunity early in the year, actually, towards the end of '12 of having a second completion crew in the field for a short period of time to just take care of some spread-out wells that we had on a waiting-on-completion status. After we saw the -- towards the March period of time, we saw the opportunity for maybe a little bit higher gas prices. We have maintained that completion crew working for us, and that was one of the catalysts that increased the number of stages that we are able to deliver, 70% over the first quarter of '12 and a significant percentage over the last quarter of '12 also. So we're looking at just how we keep that extra completion crew going as an option. And we also have discussions ongoing to determine when we might want to bring a sixth rig into the field to start drilling off a given pad. It does not necessarily move up in the queue the extensive pad drilling or pure pad drilling. What it does do, though, it moves it up in theory because the rig -- the sixth rig we moved back in location will be capturing primary term acreage sooner, which would, as a result, allow us to start pad drilling sooner.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. And then have you noticed any changes in service costs or just general service capacity in the Marcellus here recently with the uptick in gas prices?
Dan O. Dinges: No, we haven't. But keep in mind, the largest component of our cost out there are rigs and completion crews. And we are in kind of a unique area of the Marcellus out there. And that equipment out there is going to be in that area, and we think we get good pricing. We have a long-term contract on one of the crews, and we're using another as a spot crew. But we have not seen any increases in prices at this stage.
Operator: Our next question is from Abhi Sinha, Bank of America.
Abhishek Sinha - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. Basically, I'm just filling for Doug Leggate here. So -- an overall question, I'm just trying to see, by when would you be done with down-spacing testing in the Marcellus and developed optimizations to shift gears to full development mode?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, in the Marcellus, we have remained spaced at a 1,000 foot between the majority of the wells we've drilled. We have drilled several of the Upper Marcellus wells that were staggering in between the Lower Marcellus wells at about 500 feet. Once we get on a full pad development, we are going to experiment with down-spacing the wells to see what might be the most effective and efficient spacing in the field. And I'm sorry, I didn't get the latter part of your question, Abhi.
Abhishek Sinha - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: The same thing as to well optimization queue. Like, when would you be done with down-spacing and well optimization when you're talking about different lateral lengths.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. And, again, the timing of this will be once we circle a rig back around to do the extensive pad drilling, which would be towards the latter part -- beginning the latter part of '13 or the beginning of '14. And keep in mind, once we put a rig on location and say we're going to drill 10, 12, 14 wells, say we drill 10 wells, you're going to be -- you're going to have that rig on location for a good period of time before you can come back in and complete the -- each well. So we're excited to move in that direction. And we have extensive study ongoing to allow us to cut costs in a material way once we get to pad drilling.
Abhishek Sinha - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you give us a sense of, like, on how much of your acreage in the Marcellus will have a little bit prospective for Upper Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges: How much is prospective for the Upper Marcellus?
Abhishek Sinha - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, sir.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we think we have Upper Marcellus across all of our acreage in the -- in Susquehanna, as you move to the very north end of our acreage. And the entire section thins from 350 plus or minus in the middle part to the northern part to about a gross interval of 250 feet. We would look at those particular wells in a stand-alone case to determine in today's return environment that we're trying to achieve whether or not our capital dollar is going to be spent there today or down the road to compete with the significant returns we're getting in the rest of the area. And, Scott, correct me, I think I -- I think I said northeast. I should have said northwest in our area, where we have about 10% of our acreage up there that we'd be looking at as Lower Marcellus completions but still going to have a science project on the Upper Marcellus completions.
Operator: Our next question is from Gil Yang, DISCERN.
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: The couple of wells that you drilled, that you said was east of [indiscernible] pad, were -- is there -- the 16.3 on 9 stages versus the 22.2 on 17 stages, could you characterize the difference in a per stage volume? Is there a rock quality issue? Or is there a production engineering issue or a constriction sort of issue that would account for those differences in performance?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, each stage, I think the average on one is 1.3 million a day and the average on the other is 1.8 million a day. It might be -- Gil, it might be just the immediate connectivity to the fractures in a particular area, maybe several stages, maybe all the stages. But that delta for us does not -- we don't have the ability to discern that level of difference between the wells. But certainly, each of the wells on a per stage basis, actually on average, is a little bit higher than our entire field.
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: Okay. Great. The issue of pad drilling, drilling a dozen or so wells from 1 pad in the future, can you talk about -- given that your wells, when they come on so strongly, you're already knocking off existing wells off of the -- in terms of production. If you bring on a dozen wells at the same time, so to speak, how will the cost savings of sitting on a pad versus issues surrounding knocking nearby wells off line repeatedly play out? And then does it require upsiding infrastructure that could increase costs?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. And I'll chuck the ball to Jeff to respond to you after my brief comments. But we have a high expectation of significant volumes coming from a fully developed pad site, as you might suspect. We have been discussing exactly your question with Williams for an extended period of time. And through those discussions, as we develop the infrastructure, as we continue to look at all the options that we can create in the field with the locations of compressors, dehys, for example, the Central compressor, we are taking into consideration the expectation of high rates off a pad site and our ability to have the longer-producing wells that have lower pressure to remain producing. And I'll let Jeff fill in the blanks.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Well, a few more blanks, but Dan did a good job because we have been working on this for 18, 24 months with Williams, doing the hydraulic engineering necessary to make sure these pads are able to produce at 100%, plus capture some of the older wells at the same time. And we're basically doing that with more compression and larger diameter pipe and moving the pipelines and additional paths into Tennessee, new stations. And it's the whole ball of wax of activity that we're out there doing today to bring the capacity to the 2 Bcf level by the end of this year. But there's a lot of hidden projects. In fact, we have no less than 60 projects going on to facilitate the pads when we get to that point. They won't be all over the system, so it's a massive undertaking. But we have -- I think we have a very good plan in place to address the pad completions.
Gilbert K. Yang - DISCERN Investment Analytics, Inc: And then presumably, the drilling cost savings outweighs the extra cost of the infrastructure you're putting in place?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the infrastructure in place is 100% Williams' cost, and we have a transportation fee that is netted basically from our gross price.
Operator: Our next question is Matt Portillo, Tudor, Pickering & Holt.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a few quick questions from me. I was hoping that you could give us a little color on your production constraints to date. You mentioned that some of the wells are being produced at a constrained rate or they're getting knocked off from pressure. So, just curious if you could kind of quantify that for us. And then as you get some of the compression facilities on in June, I was hoping to get a little bit of color on how that could potentially affect your gross volumes in the Marcellus heading into the back half of this year.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. On the first question on the production constraints, and again, it's just -- Matt, physiologically, if you look at the higher rates coming on and, to your question, knocking off the other wells, the line pressure in the field has remained high. We, I think, are still free-flowing even some of our gas directly into the pipelines, not going through compression at this time. But with our relatively high line pressure already and the wells producing into that, when we bring on and have brought on some of these other wells, we might increase our line pressure anywhere from 100 to 150 pounds. And obviously, that delta inhibits the same flow from those existing wells. I can't really put an amount on the amount that we knock off. I mean, it would be a simple math project. I don't have it. Say a well was producing 5 million a day. And you brought on a 20-million-a-day well, instead of netting 25 million out of it, you might be netting 23 million or 21 million. I don't know, something to that effect. But I really, Matt, don't have the number at my fingertips. And your question on the compression facilities was what exactly?
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just as compression comes on stream, could you give us, I guess, a bit of color on how that could potentially allow you to see an uplift in your volume? So I'm just trying to get a better sense of if you're producing about 1 B a day of gross production in the Marcellus, how does that production, that compression coming on stream help change that trajectory in the back half of this year?
Dan O. Dinges: Well -- and there's 2 components for that. One is the Central station that is going to allow us to reduce the majority of our field line pressures. And so we may see an enhancement to our production as a result of just going from 800 or 900 pounds to whatever we can lower the line pressure to, reducing that 100, 200 pounds or whatever we might be able to achieve. So we think we might be able to see something from that. And as we put ongoing compression and dehy in strategic spots in the field, in those immediate areas, we're certainly going to allow each of the wells to produce into a lower line pressure than you might if we didn't have those compressors in that area. Jeff, I don't know if you want to add anything else.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: One last comment. The other factor that is involved here is that, as we build up the infrastructure to the extremities of the acreage position, the older wells are naturally located closer to some of the compressor stations. And so the extensions of the pipeline going out to the newer wells is naturally bound to happen that the newer wells are going to push back some of the older wells off line until we get the line pressure issue corrected throughout the system. So that's something that all producers face as they start in 1 area and build out throughout their acreage positions.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just on -- switching gears quickly to the Pearsall. With the wells you have onstream today, could you guys give us, I guess, an idea of how you think about kind of EURs there? And then also, on the updated Marmaton wells, just kind of curious how you guys are thinking about the EURs on those wells as well.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, first, I'll start with the Marmaton. The Marmaton is a -- we've seen some really good results in the Marmaton. And it's looking like between our, if you will, shorter laterals versus our extended laterals, it looks like that we can get maybe a 50% increase in our EUR to be up in the 230 or higher range. We don't have a number of those wells producing long enough to where I could -- I can lock in that EUR. But we are very pleased with what we were seeing in the Marmaton. In the Pearsall, still early to tell on the Pearsall because we have tried so many different things, whether it be the landing point -- and this is different from what we are doing in the Marmaton, whether it be the landing point where we're drilling the wells or whether it be drilled in the deposition, much further north in our -- in the deposition, which is more oily, or further south in the deposition, which is more gas liquids attached to the further south, along with the different techniques that we're applying to the completion. So to give a range of EURs in the Pearsall, I'm just reluctant to do right now because of all the variability.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just my last question, just maybe a little bit more color on the rig count for the Marcellus. Could you give us, I guess, some color on timing of when you hope to get your sixth rig in place? And then is it reasonable to think in 2014 that you may be able to accelerate to an 8-rig count? Or is that a little too early to tell just given the constraints you've seen?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Thank you, Matt. Well, the rig count at the Marcellus, what we've been looking at is, one, I mentioned the efficiencies and making sure we can maintain the efficiencies and consistency of our program. And some of that involves just clearing the locations for a rig on a consistent basis. It looks like it includes the scheduling of the completion. So we won't have stranded dollars out there any longer than we have to. It has -- also has the coordination with Williams on getting the gathering lines to the locations if we move our program up a little bit and looking at all the aspects of that. But what we're looking at is possibly towards the early fall. We might be bringing in a rig, a sixth rig to the Marcellus. And in regard to '14, still early to tell definitively what we might do in '14. We've been very pleased with the uptick in the gas prices through this shoulder period. We have some collars in place that protect us on some volumes on the downside into '14 now. So we are looking at what we might be able to do on our program expansion for our '14 period but a little bit early to say whether or not we'd go to 7 rigs or 8 rigs.
Operator: Our next question is Bob Brackett, Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A question on the Pearsall program. Those 15 gross wells, can you talk about your out-of-pocket costs sort of net of the drilling carries? And where will you be at the end of the year in terms of drilling carries from Osaka?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we will -- we have an expense interest in the wells that we've drilled so far and the wells that we will drill between now and the remainder of the year. We have a 9.75% expense interest in those wells.
Operator: Our next question is Louis Baltimore, Macquarie.
Louis Baltimore - Macquarie Research: Yes. It looks like you're starting to move south into Wyoming County, where some other operators have drilled some very productive Marcellus wells. And I was just wondering if you could comment on what you've been seeing from your wells down there and how big your position is.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we include in Wyoming County the acreage that's directionally towards, say, Citrus acreage, which has the other top 5 of 20 wells in 2012, and Cabot has the other 15. But we like that acreage, and we do not anticipate any difference in that acreage down there than we see we're drilling right now.
Operator: Our next question is Gordon Douthat, Wells Fargo.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Question on the eastern side of your acreage in the Marcellus. How do you anticipate the delineation of that? Obviously, you're dependent on infrastructure, but how do you foresee that proceeding over the coming quarters and years?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, once we get our infrastructure build-out going in that direction and it be material sized to where we would allocate the rig and completion crews over there to be able to monetize that investment, we do not see any change in how we proceed with the eastern acreage than what we're developing right now. It'd just be a natural extension as we grow from where we started drilling and started our infrastructure as we grow out to -- towards the east.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And it looks as if you've got a number of things coming from the infrastructure standpoint later this year. Is that directed towards the eastern side of the acreage? Or any comments you can make as far as the timing of the infrastructure build-out as you move east?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, I'll let Jeff field that, Gordon.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. I think if I heard you correctly, the -- well, let me just start by saying that on the Zick area in the eastern side, it's probably where we are best positioned with excess capacity. So for example, when we talk about today we have about 1.4 Bcf a day of capacity throughout the system, it's only in the Zick area and maybe a little bit to the north in the Hawley area that we do have excess capacity. So that's a good thing. And one of the -- we mentioned some smaller projects in the press release. It's actually in the Zick area. It's the second phase of a larger project that is giving us some additional compression on the east side around Zick. And so, again, that's a very good thing. So we feel real good about the eastern side in terms of capacities going forward.
Gordon Douthat - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then last question for me. Last night, in the press release, there was a comment about looking for ways to further extract value from your underappreciated assets. So, just wondering if you could provide any color on your thought process to what that -- what's behind that comment.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have the -- and that comment was kind of directed towards our Marmaton. And what we're seeing there is -- are good results, good returns. And we're not actively marketing our Marmaton at this stage. But if, in fact, it would be a -- if a transaction was to be had, we would certainly look at the Marmaton as an area that we would consider and utilize those dollars to enhance some of the other areas of our operation. And, again, let me emphasize, we're not actively marketing the Marmaton. But being underappreciated is really simply the fact that 90% of oil in those wells, and the well costs 3 million to 4 million, depending on the lateral lengths and number of stages, it's delivering very good rate of returns.
Operator: Our next question is Biju Perincheril from Jefferies.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you give us an update on your takeaway capacity out to date of the Marcellus? And...
Dan O. Dinges: I'm sorry. Biju, I can't hear you real well.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you give us an update on your takeaway capacity out of Marcellus today? And any new projects or incremental capacity coming on until the Constitution?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Biju, that is a question that's directly up Jeff's alley.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Thanks for the question. Just to be clear, when some people talk about takeaway, they talk about the downstream interstate pipeline capacities that were utilized into marketing our gas. So I'm assuming that is your question and not necessarily the infrastructure?
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Correct. It's -- yes. It's interstate pipelines, right, not the gathering systems.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. So currently, we are producing -- this is raw numbers in the Marcellus, the Bcf. And about approximately 500,000 of that goes down to Transco. And 400,000 and some change stays on Tennessee Gas Pipeline. And the remainder heads up to Millenium Pipeline. So as you know, we've been blessed with 3 very large interstate pipeline markets within 30 miles of our fields in either direction. So it's a great place to start. It's a huge advantage. But as far as firm capacity contracts, we own just shy of 400,000 a day of FT ourselves. And those firm contracts take gas out of Susquehanna County to different market areas, in fact, as far over in East Ohio area and throughout Pennsylvania and into the east. We actually have over 100,000 a day capacity that goes -- it leaves Susquehanna County and goes into the Boston area. We do, however, have a lot of long-term contracts, where we use sales contracts, where we use other people's firm to move our gas. And that's predominantly down on the Transco pipeline. So we feel like we're in a pretty good shape with long-term contracts, using other people's firms and the firm that we own ourselves. That's really been a huge advantage to date.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So if you're talking about adding -- going to 6 or 7, 8 rigs eventually, I guess that would largely mean using your customers' firm capacity to move gas. Is that...
Jeffrey W. Hutton: That will always be part of all producers in the Marcellus package of opportunities. Because if you think about it, the firm contracts, the historic firm contracts are all owned by the marketplace, the LDCs throughout New England and even in the New York area and down to the Baltimore and Washington, D.C. area. And what the producers have done is we've taken out a lot of backhaul contracts and moved gas to the opposite direction that the utility uses. But utilities will always be a huge part of our business with -- because they own the original transportation, whether it's 4, 5, 6 Bcf a day of capacity. Now, some of the nuances has been the expansions. As you know, the [indiscernible] expansion is going to take 600,000 to 700,000 a day down to the Carolinas. We have a role in that. We have a role in Columbia expansion into the D.C. and Baltimore area. And, of course, we have Constitution Pipeline that's going to move 0.5 Bcf a day at Cabot Marcellus gas in 2015 into 3 new interstate markets. So at the end of the day, we will have our gas positioned to deliver into 6 very large diameter state pipeline market areas. And that's been our plan for 2 years now, and we think it's a very solid plan.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And the Springville system that's moving gas down to Transco, is that at full utilization now? Or is there room to expand that?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: If -- okay. So it's a 24-inch high-pressure pipeline, and we're moving in excess of 0.5 Bcf a day down that pipe. We will have to -- there are plans to add a little bit more horsepower so that we can get up to around the 600 level. But basically, that's the extent of that pipe, unless it's looped or some other enhancements may be made to it.
Operator: Our next question is Brian Singer, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Three small questions under the context of thinking about capital allocation with a potential sixth rig. First is, you've talked in the past about trying to making sure you get your drilling plan sometimes even 2 years ahead to your key midstream providers. What is the lead time you feel like is needed to ensure reliability? And what's the risk around it all kind of being ready as you talked about earlier for a sixth rig potentially 3 or 4 months away? I guess that's question one. Question two is just making sure whether the sixth rig for a portion of the year is in your CapEx budget, or not, and if you're seeing any efficiencies that would offset that. And then question three would just be how you're thinking about dividends or returning cash to shareholders in the context of a sixth rig and higher gas prices.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Well, on the -- the risk of planning is low -- excuse me, let me say that differently. We have planned to add our additional rigs, additional activity to our program. And as we have stated, we are actually working on 2015 with Williams as we speak. So the risk of getting things lined up is -- and implementing a plan that would allow us to utilize -- fully utilize a sixth rig is fairly low. What I'd be referring to on getting all the bells and whistles and ducks in a row for a sixth rig is just to confirm that we will be able to have the right people in place and we will utilize our in-house folks, GDS, that handles a great deal of our operations, not only the water hauling aspects but road building and location building aspects of it, just to make sure we can get ahead of it in all just the nuts and bolts of the front-end work to move a rig on, Brian. But in the permitting side of it, we have -- I don't have a high degree of risk on the permitting side. The North region has been great at staying ahead of their permit request over and above the budgeted programs, say, 85 wells that we have budgeted this year. So I feel good about that and would not think that regulatory issues would get in the way. A sixth rig has not been budgeted in our program at this stage. We might have had anticipation of maybe a very short time in December or something bringing in the sixth rig. But for all intents and purposes, a sixth rig has not been budgeted in the programming. What was your last question, Brian?
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Dividends.
Dan O. Dinges: Oh, dividends. Scott wanted to answer that one.
Scott C. Schroeder: Brian, in terms of -- clearly, the priority in -- as we approach this higher level of free cash flow is to explore accelerating the reinvestment in the Marcellus. We haven't gone much farther on terms of a special dividend, increasing the dividend yield or a buyback at this point in time. Again, that -- as Dan said earlier, that's more of a '14 decision. We have spent some time with some experts in terms of the impact, accretive, dilutive, best course of action. And quite honestly, on all 3 of them, based on where we're at, they kind of came to the decision that it was -- and, again, not ho-hum, but it didn't have the impact that it can have in some other applications because of the opportunity set related to the reinvestment back in the business, particularly the Marcellus. So haven't made a final decision. And, again, we'll kind of see as we flush out the '14 plan and the anticipation of free cash flow, together with anything else we do, before we come to a final decision on dividends.
Operator: Having no further questions, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan O. Dinges: Thanks, Maureen, and thanks, everybody, for spending their time on this conference call. We're very optimistic. We see a lot in the marketplace that is directing our attention to future demand for natural gas. I think we've said before that we know we have supply out there. We need to enhance the demand. And all the ancillary areas that I spend time looking at, I'm fairly excited about the increased demand that we're going to have in natural gas down the road. Again, I appreciate it and look forward to the visit on the second quarter conference call. Thanks.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-19 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Burford - Director of Capital Markets Thomas E. Jorden - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President John Lambuth - Vice President of Exploration Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director Paul Korus - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Mario Barraza - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Kayla, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cimarex Energy Fourth Quarter Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Mark Burford, you may begin your conference.
Mark Burford: Thank you, Kayla. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter conference call. In Denver, we have Tom Jorden, President, CEO; Joe Albi, EVP and COO; Paul Korus, Senior Vice President and CFO; John Lambuth, VP of Exploration; and Jim Shonsey, our Vice President and Controller. We issued our financial and operating results in the news release this morning, a copy of which can be found in our website. I need to remind you that today's presentation will contain forward-looking statements. However, a number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss, and you should read our risk disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K, other filings and press releases for the risk factors associated with our business. We have also posted a copy of the year-end investor presentation on our website, which we'll also be referring to, from time-to-time, on today's call. So with that, we'll go ahead and jump into the call, I'll turn it over to Tom Jorden.
Thomas E. Jorden: Thanks, Mark, and welcome, everyone. It's a pleasure to be releasing our fourth quarter and full-year results this morning. We had a very nice year in 2012, and I really want to give credit to our organization across the board, for executing and performing on target with the plan we laid out this time a year ago. We had some headwinds to overcome, as those of you that follow us, in the past years. Very pleased that the underlying growth of our asset base is showing, and that Cimarex is on firm footing today and -- as we march through an uncertain future, so we've never felt better about the position of the company. I'm going to be walking you through our results and will be referring to the slides that are posted on our website. I'll start with Slide 4, and will just be letting you know when I move a slide. So to start, we had a solid fourth quarter, reporting record production for the quarter of 677 million cubic feet equivalent per day, and that was 13% greater than our Q4 2011. It's a very nice growth. We grew fourth quarter oil 28%, to another record, 35,099 barrels per day. Very, very nice oil growth. Our full-year 2012 production averaged 625 -- excuse me, 626.5 million cubic feet equivalent a day or 6% greater than our 2011 production. Oil was the biggest driver of that growth. Oil production for 2012 averaged 31,463 barrels per day, increasing 17% over 2011. Our oil and gas sales for 2012 are relatively flat, with higher production being offset by lower prices. Gas prices fell 35%, natural gas liquids prices, on average, dropped 28%, and oil was down 4%. So we reported strong cash flow from operations of $1.1 billion and net income of $353.8 million or $4.07 per diluted share. Another metric that speaks for who we are, we ended the year with no bank debt and only $750 million of senior notes. As of year end, our debt-to-total capitalization was 18%. And I just want to say at the outset, something we've said from time-to-time, we're not averse to borrowing money. That balance sheet is there to weather the commodity cycles and provide flexibility, but also there for opportunities. So even though we're classically a low-debt outfit, I wouldn't want to surprise anybody, we see that balance sheet as flexibility, and for the right opportunity, we'll tap it. Moving on to Slide 5. We had a good year, adding significantly to our proved reserves. Very, very good year to the drill bit. We replaced 330% of production from extensions and discoveries. Proved reserves grew 10% to 2.3 Tcf equivalent. But if you exclude the property sales that we closed on in December, our reserves grew 13%. Oil reserves grew 18%, excluding property sales. We added 757.3 Bcf equivalent from drilling, and of those additions, 51% were liquids. We invested $1.6 billion in exploration and development. We drilled 192 net wells and realized very solid returns in both our Permian and our Cana programs. Overall, we had very strong execution in our key plays. We're very, very pleased with our core Mid-Continent and Permian programs, the execution we saw in 2012, the execution we're seeing as we look ahead to 2013 and also the investment returns that those plays offer us. We had continued strong results in our Permian and Bone Spring plays. And John Lambuth, our Vice President of Exploration, will be giving you quite a bit of color on this, but we're increasingly excited about our Culberson County play. Both the Wolfcamp and the Bone Spring look attractive to us in that play. We've got the Wolfcamp in Reeves County, that's a new add for us, in addition to our core plays of the Second and Third Bone Spring. The Permian also continues to develop new targets, some of which we haven't disclosed yet. And overall, it's a very, very nice place to operate, and we're seeing improving costs and operations performance. Slide 6 shows our core operating areas. Year-end 2012 reserves are 2.3 Tcf equivalent. As you can see, 68% Mid-Continent, 31% Permian. And our fourth quarter 2012 production at 677 million cubic feet equivalent per day was 52% Mid-Continent and 43% Permian. Slide 7 shows our growth in proved reserves from 2009 through 2012. We have a very, very solid proved reserve base. Our PUD percentage is still a very low 20%. One of the things I'll say about our reserves, they're solid, they're real. We do look-backs every year, back to the history of Cimarex in 2002. Our reserves have stood the test of time and we feel very, very confident in laying these reserves out to the investing public. 100% of our proved undeveloped reserves are currently in Cana. As our investments have been pulled towards more liquids-rich areas of our portfolio, that's resulted in solid liquids growth. As you can see, we're currently 55% gas, 45% liquids. We've seen a nice compounded annual growth rate of 42% of our liquids, going back to 2009, and we expect to see that liquids growth continue as we continue to emphasize the Permian basin. Moving on to Slide 8. Slide 8 shows our proved reserves by region. And we'd have -- we've had solid reserve growth in our core Permian and Mid-Continent areas. They have increased to the compound annual growth rate of 22% over the last 4 years. But more than just growth, that increase is a result of solid returns in our capital investment program. As you know, we understand the challenge to grow, but mostly, we view our mandate as the challenge to reinvest our cash flow at high rates of return, and growth is a natural outcome of that. So we're very pleased, as we show you our production reserve growth, to be able to stand before you this morning and tell you that, that's an outcome of some investments that are very attractive to us, and we have a very nice investment portfolio that we're prosecuting in 2013 and beyond. Going on to Slide 9. Looking forward into 2013, we're moving into this year at a very active drilling pace. And as we always say, we'll be carefully watching our returns. We've given our activity guidance, our investment guidance of between $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion, but we're going to keep our hand closely on the throttle. Depending on our own results, our opportunity set and commodity prices, that could be accelerated or decelerated. We certainly have the flexibility, based on the environment we find ourselves in. We'll have a very active 2013 Permian program nonetheless. Our Bone Spring programs in New Mexico and Texas are performing very well. And again, John Lambuth will give you some color on that. And as I said a moment ago, we're getting very bullish on the Wolfcamp. Very pleased with our recent results. There've been some industry results that have confirmed what we've always known about the Wolfcamp, and it's rightly getting a lot of attention in the Delaware Basin. In the Mid-Continent and Cana, we're seeing very good results in our infill drilling. One of the things we'll do, however, we'd like to manage our total capital to be in that $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion, as we currently model it with our current model for our cash flow. So Cana is an area where we'll be adjusting our activity. And again, John will cover that in more detail. Finally, in Slide 10. As we look at our capital investments over time, the Permian, in 2013, continues to get a slightly larger share of our total capital, over what it did in 2012. We currently project the Permian to be getting 55% -- excuse me, got 55% in 2012. We're projecting it to be 62% this year. The midpoint of our capital at $1.45 billion is down about 10% from last year. But again, we're going to see how it goes. Our cash flow is a certain and critical part of that equation and our results are a critical part of that equation, as are our costs of drilling and completing these wells. But the good news is we're seeing solid returns in all our areas and lower capital, a result of wanting to keep our capital closer to cash flow. Slide 11. There's a little pie chart that shows you our capital investments. We're currently running -- today, we have 15 rigs in the Permian, but we'll say, as we move through the year, we'll be between 11 and 14 rigs. We'll drill 150 gross or 105 net wells in the Permian. Those will be spread throughout our programs. In Cana, we'll continue our Cana infill development, and John, once again, will give you some color there. One of the things we're seeing in Cana, as a little bit of change from prior years, we're seeing more demands from other operators. So although our operated activity may decrease, it's being taken up, by and large, by outside operated activity. And then the Gulf Coast. We're working on some new 3D data sets, and we expect to spend a small amount there this year, drilling 6 to 9 net wells. Onto Slide 12. Slide 12 showcases the underlying growth engine of our company, and that's the Permian Basin and Mid-Continent. And you can see our production growth. Our investments are delivering that strong growth. For 2013, we expect continued predictable growth for Mid-Continent and Permian. And this is not growth for growth's sake. We're seeing solid economics in our Permian, and liquids-rich gas in both Mid-Continent and Permian, and 40% to 50% of our drilling results are liquids. So we're seeing very, very nice returns in that Permian and Mid-Continent program. And that is -- has indeed, I think, become apparent to all, that's the engine of our growth. Slide 13 showcases our Permian oil production and how that's grown over time. And that's driven by outstanding results in our Bone Spring drilling program in both Texas and New Mexico. The growth in 2013, excluding the impact of our year-end asset sale, is 8% to 12%. So overall, we're seeing very nice results from our program. Again, I'm very proud of our organization and the way we've executed in 2012. We're firing on all cylinders as we enter 2013. With a healthy balance sheet, a fantastic inventory and good prospects for very nice returns on capital, we're looking forward to making 2013 again, a year in which we execute on target. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John Lambuth, our Vice President of Exploration.
John Lambuth: Thanks, Tom. I'm going to give you an update on our 2013 exploration drilling program. I'm going to first start with our most active region, as Tom mentioned, Permian Basin. I'm on Slide 15, for those of you following along with the presentation. You will note that for 2013, our total expected capital investment will be approximately $900 million, which is just a little bit of an increase over 2012. You will also note, though, that the number of gross and net wells is down relative to 2012, with 150 gross for '13 relative to 182 for '12. The primary driver of that is just our overall portfolio, the type of wells we'll be drilling. Where in '12, we had quite a large inventory of shallow Paddock-Blinebry wells, we really don't have much of an inventory of those left for this year, thus, for the same capital, you get fewer wells because the overall portfolio is slightly more expensive. Going onto Slide 16. As Tom mentioned, our bread-and-butter play has been the Bone Spring. In 2012, we drilled 107 gross, 60 net Bone Spring wells, with 64 in New Mexico, 43 in Texas. We continue to have very strong performance from this program. In New Mexico, our average 30-day IP for the 2012 wells was 640 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with those wells being primarily 90% oil. In the Texas part of the Bone Spring, where we're mainly targeting the Third Bone Spring sand, the 30-day IP rates were 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with 85% of it being oil. We continue to see great results in both of these plays, and we expect that this will continue throughout 2013. Of course, as we drill these wells, we learn and we try to look for areas to expand into, and we've done just that by moving into Culberson County. We have a couple of recent wells we're going to talk about, that have us very excited about the potential with our acreage there. The first well is the Owl Draw 12 Unit 12H well. That well had a first 30-day average of 665 barrels of oil per day or an equivalent of over 1,000 of oil equivalent per day. We then followed that up with the Alysheba 17 2H. It had very similar results of 645 barrels of oil per day and over 1,100 barrels equivalent per day, wet gas plus oil, when we combine. What's really exciting about this is that, in Culberson, we're actually slightly shallower than what we typically drill in New Mexico. And thus our well costs are even little bit less than what we usually experience in those other plays. So the type of returns we're getting from this play are very, very good. When we look at this play and look at the totality of our acreage, we can put a wide range of potential locations here. In fact, the numbers range from 100 to 200. But the simple fact is we really don't know until we drill more wells and we get a very better idea of how we define and de-risk this play. It is this encouragement that is leading us to maintain an approximate 2 rig schedule in Culberson, targeting this Second Bone Spring interval. But of course, our acreage in Culberson was initially driven by our Horizontal Wolfcamp play. In 2012, we drilled 15 Horizontal Wolfcamp play, bringing the total number of wells we drilled within this White City Culberson area to 33 from its inception. As most of you know, we have been the leading driller and industry maker for this area. We continue to see better and better performance from these wells as we try to continue to change the recipe in terms of frac-ing, fracture stimulation, and where we land our laterals. Please keep in mind that the Wolfcamp in Culberson is upwards of 600 to 700 feet gross thickness. So it's taken us a while to find that magic landing zone relative to frac to get the best performance, but we're definitely starting to see that. As we show on Slide 17, from first quarter to fourth quarter 2012, we've been able to increase our liquid yield from 59 barrels per million to 97 barrels per million. That is definitely having a big impact on the type of rate of returns we can expect from these wells. As you go to Slide 18, you see then over the last 3-year period, what our Horizontal Wolfcamp production looks like. You will note a couple of things: first off, we made a major investment in a new pipeline within Culberson County, we call Triple Crown. That pipeline, which was completed in late 2003, gives us the flexibility for multiple outlays for the -- for taking our gas to market. That has also then enabled us to go out there and increase our drilling activity, which you see, resulted in a nice increase in production you see in 2012. We fully expect to see that continue to increase as we go into '13. On Slide 19, you see, based on the most recent wells in terms of the average, we are presenting to you our type curve, essentially what we expect these types of wells to make. You will note that the 30-day average is 6.4 million cubic feet equivalent per day, with an EUR range of 4.5 Bcfe to 5.5 Bcfe. Although in this case, this particular type curve is a 5.4 Bcf equivalent. The makeup of that hydrocarbon is 47% gas, 30% NGL and 23% oil. If you now go to Slide 20, and I use that type curve, along with our net revenue interest of 75%. And then finally, our most recent AFE for a completed well being $7.2 million, you will see that, with a forward strip from February 11 of '13, we are able to generate in the low-30 type of internal rate of return for this type of program. This really is exciting for us because, as you recognize, this shale play is rather extensive over this acreage, and thus great potential is there for us. I'm sorry, that's an APAX [ph] rate of return. Furthermore, then, in summary for Wolfcamp in White City and Culberson, along with our improving results in terms of the production we're seeing, we're also seeing a nice decrease in our well costs over time. In 2011, our average well cost was around $10 million. 2012, it decreased again, down to around the mid-8s. And now for 2013, we're seeing somewhere in the mid-7s, a nice decrease, which again only helps with the type of returns we'll get from these wells. If we look again at our total acreage position and just look at the overall potential, then we've shown you a table of what the future may hold for us in this play. Now I must emphasize strongly, we have not yet drilled a downspacing pilot to determine what our ultimate spacing will be. With that said, on the conservative side of just 160 acres, or 4 wells per section, based on our current acreage position, we would have 500 net wells with a reserve potential of 1.7 to 2.1 Tcf. And that would require a capital investment of $3.6 million. Obviously, if we could prove via a downspacing pilot, even tighter spacing, essentially going down to 80, that would result in the doubling of those numbers. Again, we need to, at some point, plan a spacing pilot, but as of right now, we're still in the mode of HBP-ing in our acreage in order to secure our acreage position. But as Tom mentioned, that's not the only place that we are drilling Horizontal Wolfcamp wells. We do have a significant position at Reeves County, approximately over 35,000 acres. We have drilled 2 wells now on that acreage position. We are in the early parts of flowback on those wells. What I can tell you is we are very encouraged with the results we're seeing, so much so that for this year, we plan to drill approximately 3 additional tests in the immediate area to better define the opportunity there. I'm now on Slide 22. I'll be stepping to the Mid-Continent region. On that slide, you will see that for 2013, our estimated capital investment will be $450 million as compared to $673 million for 2012. As you know, for Mid-Continent, the majority of that money goes to Cana-Woodford. In regards to the change in capital, from $673 million to $450 million, you need to keep in mind that in 2012, for that program, over 37% of wells we drilled were one-off or exploratory wells, to better define the Cana opportunity for us. 63% were infill core drilling. When we look at our 2013 program, over 90% of the wells that we will be drilling to participate in, are infill core programs. That is where we're going to get our best rate of returns and that is where we're focusing our capital on. From the inception of this play, as you see on Slide 23, we have drilled or participated in over -- approximately 492 wells, through the first -- fourth quarter 2012. We have a very strong land position of 120,000 net acres, of which, as we show on the display there, we have delineated what we call a gas-rich down-dip area, up-dip liquid-rich area. Within the liquid-rich area, we have 75,000 acres, of which almost all of them now are in a held-by position status. So we really are not driven anymore to go out to drill wells to hold acreage, it's just a matter of maximizing our opportunity in terms of picking the best rate of return. As we go to Slide 24 then, we are doing just that with our infill drilling program. We are essentially carrying forward into 2013 what we are doing through the majority of 2012. We have 4 operated rigs, currently. We -- for full development in Cana, we are drilling 8 new wells per section, in addition to the existing parent well. That results in 9 wells per section. We plan for 2013 to have 125 gross wells, that's 35 operated, 90 non-operated. I will point out that, for 2012, we participated or drilled in 128 gross wells. So there's not that large a difference between '12 and '13 when it comes to Cana infill development. On Slide 25, you see a display or graph of our net production from Cana-Woodford for the past 3 years. You will note, in the first 2 quarters in '12, there was a slowdown to -- in fact, a slight decrease. And that was due to the fact that, to start the infill development program, we need to develop a sufficient buffer space between our actively drilling wells and the frac fleet. Once we accomplish that, we then immediately start to develop, or frac-ing wells, and then you see that nice ramp-up in production in the last 2 quarters there. It's that type of production growth again, we'd expect in '13 with this infill drilling program. So in summary for Cana-Woodford, we exited fourth quarter 2012 with net production of 215 million cubic feet equivalent per day, which was a 30% increase over fourth quarter 2011. And at the bottom, I still want to point out, there's still great potential here, even though we've already embarked on an infill development program. To date, we have 1.1 Tcf of equivalent gas proved for Cana. And yet, we still show a risk upside within that liquid-rich core area of 3.3 Tcf, which would equate to 660 net wells and close to $5 billion of capital. So total risked resources for Cana, as you see there on that slide, is 4.4 Tcf. Finally, on Slide 27. A quick word on our Gulf Coast program. As those of you who follow us know, Gulf Coast is our higher-risk, greater-reward opportunity region. It is a region that is entirely dependent upon 3D seismic and the attribute work we do with that to pinpoint our drilling locations. In 2012, we made a major investment in a number of new 3D surveys, in order to replenish our drilling inventory. That data has been acquired, processed, it is in house. We are currently rebuilding that inventory and hope to be drilling again in the second quarter of this year. But I want to emphasize, unlike the other regions, we do not think of Gulf Coast as a rig line, as much as it is of capturing good opportunity. We hope that there will be 10 gross, 7 net wells there. But again, it's all about the quality of the opportunity we have, and if it's good, we will drill it, if not, then we won't reach that number. With that, I will hand it over to Joe Albi, who will talk about the productions for Cimarex.
Joseph R. Albi: Thanks, John. I will be going over our fourth quarter and 2012 production statistics. I'll hit a little bit on our 2013 guidance and then just a few comments on where we ended the year with LOE and where we see current service costs. For those of you following along, I'll start here on Slide 29. And to echo Tom's earlier comments in the call, we really did have a great year. We had some strong October and November new well adds that helped prop our fourth-quarter volumes up to a level of 677 million equivalents a day. That was right at the upper end of our guidance of 652 million to 677 million, and up 13% from where we were in Q4 '11 at 601 million a day. All the while, we set a new record in the fourth quarter for total company production, and the driver to that growth, as we've alluded to already in this call, was our increased oil production, which grew 28% over Q4 '11 to a record of 35,099 barrels a day in Q4. Also helping the quarter were minimal production disruptions for plant turnarounds, ethane rejection and other downtime, which, those of you following us for a while have known, did impact us a little bit more, earlier in 2012. We dig deeper into the numbers, we continue to see production growth from our Permian and Mid-Continent programs. Our record fourth quarter Permian net equivalent volume of 292 million a day was up 6% or 17 million a day from Q3 '12, and up 36% or 77 million a day from fourth quarter of 2011. Our oil growth was the real driver here, with our Q4 Permian oil volumes averaging 27,091 barrels a day, another record for the company, and up 42% from fourth quarter last year. We're drilling some really great wells, and it's showing up in our numbers, with some strong adds from really virtually all our programs in the Permian. Our Texas and New Mexico Bone Spring plays, as well as our Wolfcamp program. Our fourth quarter Mid-Continent equivalent volume of 351 million a day was also a record for the company. It was up 8% from last quarter and 11% from a year ago. Cana continued to drive the increase, with record fourth quarter volumes of 215 million a day, that's up 31 million a day from last quarter and a respectable 57 million a day from Q4 '11. With that, Cana now represents 32% of our total company production. So in a nutshell, Q4 came in, I'd say, as modeled, but I'll say it came in on the high end of our model, reflected significant increased volumes from our Permian and Mid-Continent programs. And as a result, our full-year 2012 equivalent production came in at a record 626.5 million a day, which was up 6% from our 2011 average of 592 million a day. And driving the year-over-year growth was really 3 important factors: a 43% increase in Permian oil volumes; a 15% increase in our total liquid volumes; and a 21% increase in our combined Permian and equivalent -- excuse me, Mid-Continent equivalent volumes. Definitely, a good year. Shifting over to Slide 30, where we look at production by region. Big obvious thing pops out here, and that is we've seen a nice increase in our total liquid production over the last few years. Our Q4 liquid volumes averaged 57,217 barrels a day. Looking back 3 years ago, that's 2.5x the 22,935 barrels a day we averaged in the fourth quarter of 2009. The catalyst to the growth has been the Permian, which accounts now for 61% of our total liquid production. That said, we're also seeing nice contribution from Cana, which is the backbone to the 35% of the total company liquids comprised by the Mid-Continent. The Mid-Continent still represents the lion's share of our gas production at 69%, and our total company equivalent production of 677 million a day is now nicely balanced between the Mid-Continent and the Permian, with the Mid-Continent representing 52% of the total and the Permian at 43%. On Slide 31. Looking forward to our 2013 production guidance. We're projecting our 2013 equivalent daily volumes to average in the range of 675 million to 705 million equivalents per day for the year. That's up 8% to 13% over 2012. Built into this estimate is the $294 million Permian property sale that we closed on at the end of the year, which reduced our net volumes by 2,550 equivalent barrels per day, 2,000 barrels a day of which was oil. If you're looking at the table in the presentation, you'll see our projected 2013 oil growth to be quoted at 1% to 5%. But if we exclude the impact of that sale, in essence, we're projecting 7% to 11% oil production growth, and so we have a very good chance for a second year of double-digit oil production growth here in 2013. Although our Gulf Coast production is modeled to contribute only 3% to 4% of our total company production, we do have some drilling planned for the program this year and have incorporated a modest, I'll call it, heavily risked drilling wedge of 5 million to 10 million a day for the year, which has been built into our modeled projections. Hence, from 30,000 feet, what we're projecting is for 2013 to look quite similar to 2012. Strong double-digit Permian and Mid-Continent production growth in the range of 11% to 15%, with an emphasis on liquids, which as modeled, would bring our liquid percentage up to 51% by the end of '13. Our first quarter guidance of 614 -- or, excuse me, 642 million to 667 million has been reduced by about 15.5 million a day, for a recent property sale, as well as some weather and other facility shut-ins that we experienced in early January. In essence, after accounting for the property sale and the shut-ins, we're projecting Q1 to be fairly flat with our strong Q4 '12 results. Shifting gears over to operating expense on Slide 32, as we talked about before in our previous calls, our production group has put a great deal of energy into fighting the overall cost increases the industry has seen over the last year in LOE, in particular, in the area of SWD and more specifically, in the Permian. In addition, we've undertaken measures to control workover costs company-wide. Well our efforts are showing up in the financials, with a Q4 lifting costs coming in at $1.06 per Mcfe, that's down another $0.01 from where we were in the third quarter of 2012 and we're down $0.12 or 10% from Q4 '11. Our Q4 '12 lifting cost is the lowest lifting cost we've seen since late 2010. Looking forward into 2013, we've projected our full year ROE guidance at $1.05 to $1.17, and hoping to fall in on the lower end of that range. Just a few comments on service costs before I turn the call over to Paul. On the drilling side, similar to what we discussed last quarter, we are seeing most cost components remain relatively in check, but we are seeing continued signs of a softening rig market, as evidenced by recorded day rates down anywhere from 3% to 5% from last year. Our biggest cost savings continue to come in the form of drilling efficiencies and lower per unit frac costs. An interesting observation, when we compiled our frac statistics at the end of the year, our total company frac statistics show we pumped upwards of 20% to 30% more sand and fluid in 2012 than in 2011, yet our overall frac costs were down 18%. And that's really a combination of pumping more white sand, reduced service costs and additional horsepower on the market. Looking more specifically at individual well costs, in Cana, our drilling efficiencies and lower frac costs have brought our current AFEs in the core infill program down to about $7 million, total well cost. That's $400,000 lower than what we quoted last call and down $1 million from where we were a year ago, so it's paying off in Cana. In the Permian, our Horizontal Second Bone Spring wells continue to run in the $6.5 million to $7.1 million range, while drilling efficiencies in our West Texas Third Bone program have brought total well costs down to $7.2 million -- around $7.2 million. That's $300,000 lower than the figure we quoted last call. And finally, our Horizontal Wolfcamp wells are running $7 million to $7.5 million, total well costs. That's down from $8 million to $8.5 million, the levels that we saw about 6 months ago. So all in all, we're quite excited about where we are. Our production and our reserves are trending up, while our lifting and well costs are trending down. We've got a deep multi-year inventory of drilling projects in the Permian and the Mid-Continent, probably the richest inventory XEC ever had. And all those are very good reasons to find ourselves in a pretty good position here, starting out in 2013. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Paul Korus.
Paul Korus: Thank you, Joe. If you'll page forward to Slide 34, I'm a little brief, I only have one slide. Despite the fall in gas and oil prices during 2012, we had reasonably good earnings, driven by nice growth in production and proved reserves. After investing $1.6 billion in 2012, we ended the year with $750 million of debt. That was inched up, if you will, from about $400 million at the end of 2011. So still plenty of capacity on the balance sheet, but please do recognize that our prior tolerance of note debt has at least evolved into a tolerance of some, albeit still low, amount of debt. We had -- as we mentioned repeatedly, we had good growth in production of 6%, which actually met the midpoint of our very original guidance for the year. And we increased our proved reserves by 10% to 2.3 Tcf, adding 750 Bcfe of reserves through new drilling, which was more than 3x our production for the year. And we had good finding [ph] costs and good rates of return doing it. So as we look to 2013, our expected capital, at the present time, gives a very narrow range for us of $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. But as Tom mentioned, please appreciate that we reserve the right to increase it some or decrease it some, as the year evolves. Still, at the tight range that we're giving, our expectations are for double-digit growth in production and reserves in 2013. Those are my comments. Kayla, we would be happy to entertain questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a question from Phil Jungwirth from BMO Capital Markets.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: On the oil production guidance for 2013, 32,000 to 33,000 barrels a day, it seems to be a little bit lower than the 4Q average, even adjusting for the assets. So can you address why this would be the case? And is it mostly just conservatism on your part, given that greater allocation of capital is going towards the Bone Spring and you've seen better results there?
Joseph R. Albi: Phil, this is Joe, I'll answer that. Yes, if you look at the slide, it says, hey, without the property sales, we're showing 1% to 5% growth. When we throw those back in there, 7% to 11% growth. Our projections do incorporate risking. And if we're off, I think what it's basically telling us is that we've got a very strong chance of having another year of double-digit production growth. There's a couple of other things that are at play here, too. At any one given point in time, new wells make up 40% to 50% of our total company production. And those new wells, even these permian wells, they can come screaming off pretty hard. So we're always constantly fighting the snowball effect of new well decline, which can impact the rates of production growth and certainly have an impact on what ends up being the final product of our modeling. But as Tom alluded to earlier in the call, as those of you who've known us for all these years, we are focused on rate of return. And it's all about rate of return. And to the degree that production is a byproduct of that, so be it. Obviously, we want our production to go up. That year or -- all that said, our model is really showing that we have a very, very good chance of another year of double-digit production growth. And we're really pretty pleased with that. Being able to have double-digit production growth is not something to not be proud of. So that's, I guess, our answer to that question.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, this is Tom. If I could just follow up that up. Joe has done this for a long time and he's gotten quite astute at making these models. Our business units send in what they think they're going to do and they time it out, and Joe takes that and looks to see what historically they've done. In the oil patch, things tend to go more wrong than they go right. You have delays in timing, you have delays in equipment. And so Joe factors in what he thinks is our historical average and he risks those business unit models down. That said, the business unit modelers are getting better and better at it. They're going to challenge him and if all goes right, we're going to beat that number. But we'll just have to see as we go through the year. It'd be nice to have a year where all goes right, but it would be our first.
Joseph R. Albi: The other thing I want to add because I'm guessing we'll get the question, is on Q1, with our guidance being lower than Q4. Well, a couple of things at play there and this is also impacting our total number. But the Permian Basin sales that we closed on at the very end of the month last year, took about 15.5 million a day off our first quarter production. We also had a number of freezing issues and pipeline issues, and particularly in Culberson County, in early January, that hurt January to the tune of about 16 million a day, that built into that number. We also had a handful of good strong fourth quarter wells that came on in October and November that were on a very good screaming decline here in November and early January that we were fighting. And all of that, when you add it all up says, hey, we're going to be at about flat with Q4, which was strong quarter for us. We were at the upper end of our production guidance. All that said, the model is also saying that we anticipate production to start picking up here pretty quickly in February, and our early indications are that production is doing just that. And when you take a look at our production guidance for the year, and you look at 675 million to 705 million and you compare it to where we were in Q1 or what we're given guidance in Q1, hey, it smells an awful lot like what we told you guys last year. We're going to be kind of flat for the first half of the year and we expect to ramp up here at the end of the year and, lo and behold, that happened. And that's what we're modeling this year. We're going to have a little bit of a delayed start here in the first quarter, primarily as a result of the property sale. Our model is saying that, come around second quarter, we're going to start to see some real nice production growth. And ultimately, I hope, allow us to talk quarter-to-quarter about continued record numbers. So kind of a long answer to your question but I thought I'd knock off the second question because I thought it was going to get asked.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Here's a third question on the guidance. On the NGL production growth of 33% to 39%, is any of that driven by a change in processing contracts and then reporting the NGLs as opposed to leaving it in the gas stream?
Joseph R. Albi: No, most of that is all due to the existing contracts, which have already been modified. Most of the old contracts that could be rewritten or revised, all that's been done. So anything really showing up now is all through new adds.
Phillip Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then final question here, I appreciate all the Wolfcamp disclosure. It looks like there could be some variability in the GOR as you move from the south to the north. Is that the case or am I just drawing some conclusions from 2 wells here?
John Lambuth: I don't know. You should -- this is John Lambuth. I don't know you should draw any conclusion from just 2 wells. I would say, clearly, based on how we understand that formation, there is variability. But we tend to think as more of an east-west trend than north-south. But again, we still get surprises as we continue to drill this. But I would say not north-south necessarily, just based on those 2 wells.
Thomas E. Jorden: But we also see a primary variability, stratigraphically. And that's a complex system.
John Lambuth: It is, and that's something again, I want to emphasize. It's a very thick shale and we have really honed in on a particular interval, where we're getting our best results. And you would expect us then to get much more consistent results as we go forward, because that's the interval that we're primarily going to be drilling in.
Thomas E. Jorden: And we're obviously -- our excitement about the Wolfcamp comes through in our comments. But we're really early times here and, with the interval as thick as it is, we have a lot of that stratigraphy we haven't tested. So we're, as yet, uncertain as to what our ultimate spacing will be, either laterally or vertically. I mean, there's an argument that says 8 wells per section is not adequate to fully exploit this resource. But the truth of the matter is, we don't know, and we really would like to get data rather than speculation.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mario Barraza with Tuohy Brothers.
Mario Barraza - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Mario Barraza here. Just want to dive a little deeper on the Second Bone play on the Texas side. Last quarter -- are we still thinking just over 125 well locations is a comfortable count for this point? I know you guys said right now, 100 to 200 locations. But what percentage of your acreage in Culberson do you think this is prospective?
John Lambuth: Well, this is John Lambuth, again, and I guess, I would say 100 to 200 locations. I mean, we are very, very early. If you think we're early in Wolfcamp, we're very early in this play. We have 2 very good, very exciting wells that we wanted to tell you about. We have very limited well control. Basically, our well control in that area is our Wolfcamp drilling. It helps define that shallower Second Bone Spring. But unlike the Wolfcamp, there's quite a bit of stratigraphic variability in the Second Bone Spring, so with each well we drill, we learn a little bit more, some to the negative, some to the positive. All I can tell you is, just looking at our acreage position and the current wells we have, we see definite potential and it's in the range that I just mentioned. This year will be very important for us because we have a lot of wells. We will be drilling to test it and further define it. So maybe during the course of the year, we might be able to give you a little bit better update. But we're just being honest, this is how we see it right now, based on the limited well data we have.
Thomas E. Jorden: This is Tom, if I could just follow-up on that. We've long recognized the potential of Second Bone Spring in Culberson County. This is not news to us. The reason that we haven't talked about it prior to the last call or 2 is because we expected it to be gassy. Based on our overall trend in the basin, we looked at that and this part of the basin and thought, it's probably gassy. We had good shows and we drilled through it, but we hadn't tested it. And these first tests, ours and there are some offset operators, have really surprised us pleasantly. We really didn't expect the Second Bone Spring to be as oily as it is. I mean, these are fantastic oil wells. And so when you ask what controls these 100 or 200 locations? We have that sand map throughout this Culberson block. We have very good shows when we drilled through it. We're just hesitant to get too out in front of ourselves and say how oily or gassy it is, and that's the main controlling factor. Is it going to continue to be oily or will there be pockets of this land where it's a little heavier gas? So that's why we are not waving the checkered flag just yet, but we're very, very encouraged by the results we have, limited though they may be.
Mario Barraza - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, appreciate that color. If I can shift gears towards the CapEx budget for this year. On the last call, you talked about -- you were going to exit the year with 4 to 5 rigs in Cana, but if gas prices stayed depressed, you might -- you were considering shifting out, possibly some rigs and transferring some more CapEx dollars to the Permian. What's kind of the price lever you're thinking about for -- where would you pull back on the number of rigs in Cana?
John Lambuth: Well, this is John Lambuth, again. I really couldn't pick a particular price. Again, it's going to be a matter of rate of return. And that's going to be dictated by the type of section we have an opportunity to drill. Again, the yield, the NGL mix, really dictates that rate of return, more than the gas price even. So we're constantly monitoring both our results to make sure we're hitting our expected volumes and our drill costs. Right now, we're very encouraged, I mean, very encouraged with what we're seeing coming out of Cana but, that said, we're always keeping an eye toward gas prices. And yes, if it drops to a level where we don't see it to be economic, we will slow that down or even shut it.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, it's Tom. It's really a function of how much money we want to borrow this year, more than anything else. Our cash flow is what it is, and we're trying to allocate it. Our returns in Cana are quite good. Our returns in the Permian, in general, are slightly better, and it's a function of how much money we want to borrow.
Paul Korus: It's Paul. I'll just add that, whether we run these 4 rigs through roughly the middle of the year or whether we run them all through the year, it's only about a $50 million swing. So it really won't move the needle that much in terms of capital or production volumes in 2013, because the wells drilled in the first half will be frac-ed in the second half, roughly. It would have further implications for 2014, perhaps, in terms production volumes. But it's not a needle mover.
John Lambuth: I mean, I would just say, again, I would emphasize, we're getting some really great results and they're really making it hard for us to not want to go ahead and get those rigs going. I'll leave it that way. I mean, really good results so far as we start this year.
Thomas E. Jorden: But we have not made a final decision. We currently have 4 rigs running at Cana, and we've not made a final decision.
John Lambuth: That is correct.
Operator: And your next question comes from Jeff Robertson with Barclays.
Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Tom, in the Wolfcamp play in Culberson County, can you talk about where you think you'll be with some of these questions, just around stratigraphy and spacing, by the end of the year? By the end of 2013, that is?
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, there's really 2 issues, Jeff. And I'd invite John to chime in here. One is, we're still sampling real estate. If you look at our current penetrations, although we think we've got a lot more than we know, there's still a lot of that area that's very finely sampled. So we need to just sample the real estate over that acreage block. We don't currently have planned this year a spacing pilot. Now that's something else that we're still kind of arguing about, because that's -- our experience in Cana is that, that's something you want to know as early as you can for full development. But right now, we don't have a spacing pilot planned for the Wolfcamp. And so we don't know yet what the spacing will be, both laterally and vertically. So your question is, what are we going to know by the end of the year? I think under our current plan, we're going to know the liquids yield and the producibility of that rock over a wider area than we've currently sampled, but in our current plan, we probably won't know any more about spacing than we do now.
John Lambuth: This is John Lambuth. I agree. I mean, the only thing I'd add, besides just the overall productivity of these wells is, again, we're very excited about what we're seeing with our drilling complete costs and, really, right now, as we look at these wells, that really is going to be one of the bigger drivers to the type of rate of returns we get. And so far, we're very encouraged by what we see going on in regards to those costs, both from the drill side, but especially on the completion side, is something Joe alluded to earlier. We're definitely seeing a decrease in our completion costs, and that really is very impactful for these wells.
Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Second question on that play. I think you said there are several different zones within the Wolfcamp. Is all of your drilling going into what you think is the same Wolfcamp interval?
John Lambuth: This is John Lambuth, again. Early on, we were, how do you say, all over the court? I mean, trying to understand, optimally, where we should be. It's fair to say, going forward, we've kind of honed in on the particular interval. We break it up into A, B, C, D and E. In our case, we have a particular interval that we now feel really good about and that's where you'd expect us to put the majority of our wells going forward.
Thomas E. Jorden: If I might add to that, Jeff. Some of the new drilling you're seeing over in Reeves County is in the shallow-most stratigraphy in that Wolfcamp. That's something that we haven't sampled in Culberson County, and there's a -- it looks interesting to us, we don't have a well in it. And it might be additive to everything else were doing and it might not be either/or, it might be additive. And please take that with a grain of salt, don't run out and update your model on that. We just don't know. I mean, we're just -- it looks to us like this Wolfcamp is going to be a legacy asset that can stand tall next to Cana for the future of Cimarex. That's the message this morning. The detail, whether it's $7 billion, $10 billion, $15 billion of future capital, we just don't know. But it's here to stay and we like it.
Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: One last question. Is there the ability to increase acreage in the play, in the areas that you think are promising?
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, we did increase acreage in 2012. We made a couple of acreage acquisitions that we talked about. It's getting skinny on the broad brushes. But we still get up every morning, and we wrestled home some things and we're continuing to do that. But I wouldn't want to start from scratch today in that part of the real estate, that part of the world.
Operator: And your next question comes from Joe Magner with Macquarie Capital.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to, I guess, get a sense on when, during the year, do you think you'll have enough information or insight into some of these new opportunities? And the results seem very encouraging, rates of return seem very equivalent across different plays and competitive with existing development opportunities. I'm just curious when we might start to expect to hear decisions on increasing capital or drilling additional wells?
John Lambuth: Well, I guess -- this is John Lambuth. What new -- which ones you're referring to, just specifically, so I can....
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: Well, I guess, the Second Bone Spring opportunity in Culberson, in particular, and then the Wolfcamp Shale, over in that same general vicinity, seemed like the 2 areas, at least where results could be supportive.
John Lambuth: Well, I would just say, in Culberson, I think we're pretty set on that 1 to 2 rig schedule for this year, as we continue to identify the opportunity there.
Thomas E. Jorden: For the Bone Spring, in addition to the Wolfcamp.
John Lambuth: For the Bone Spring, in addition to the Wolfcamp, you're absolutely right, Tom. That all -- like we say, that's always subject to change based on performance. But right now, we think that's the adequate rig schedule and capital we need to fully define that opportunity. Clearly, by the end of the year, we'll have a much better understanding of it. In terms of Reeves County, all I'll say is, we really need some more well performance and perhaps even a couple more wells, before even we're ready to talk about it. We need time there. Again, I'll just say we're encouraged. But we need a couple more wells, and we just need to see some more consistent performance, and then we'll probably be in a better position to talk about it.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: Okay. And I guess with respect to the Horizontal Wolfcamp that's been focused in New Mexico, 33 wells drilled to date, how much of that acreage has been held now? And what is required, I guess, through this year, to be able to -- this year into next year, to lock up more of that acreage?
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, in the New Mexico, in that Wolfcamp trend, it's by and large, I won't say 100%, but it's almost all held. We have a couple of obligation wells that we drill every year but other than that, we don't have any kind of an acreage exploration that's driving our New Mexico portion.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: Okay. And there's one last one for me. I believe you all have been working on some other shallow liquids opportunities, or other Mid-Continent liquids opportunities. Any update on any of those new initiatives?
John Lambuth: No, no new update as of today. You are right in that there are a couple of plays that we have been pursuing. We still have some more evaluating and drilling to do in those plays. We really can't add any color to that today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A question -- I don't mean to beat a dead horse, but I just wanted to follow up on the guidance for this year. The 60 million cubic feet a day that you talked about that was affected by shut-ins in Culberson County, is that just 60 million cubic feet a day in January or is that across the entire first quarter?
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. That, for the most part, those were very mature properties with very shallow declines.
John Lambuth: So it came from the shut-ins, Joe.
Joseph R. Albi: Oh, for the shut in. I thought -- the freeze-outs [ph] , for the most part, appear to behind us. We will have, in the Culberson County area, probably in the first part of Q2, some work done to high-grade some of our pegging facilities and improve some of the line itself. So there'll be a little bit of downtime there, but it looks like the freezing issues in January are behind us.
Thomas E. Jorden: But it's just January. It's built into our Q1 guidance.
Joseph R. Albi: So if you were to divide it by 3, I guess, if you want to take a look at that.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then on the -- how would you describe -- I mean, can walk me through to the state of infrastructure, I guess, as you look forward over the course of 2013? I mean, how much conservatism did you build into the numbers from potential infrastructure downtime? I guess, I'm still having a little bit of a hard time wrapping my head around the fact that, for 18 months, you've done kind of 2,000 barrels a day sequentially each quarter, Permian oil growth, and it seems to have flattened off. I'm just trying to figure out is that -- how much that it's infrastructure downtime conservatism you're building in versus anything else?
Joseph R. Albi: There's maybe, if you were to take a look at the Permian, I'll just tell you in equivalents, I don't know how it's going to answer the oil side of it. But I venture to say that we, just on base properties, have integrated somewhere the range of 7 million to 10 million a day of a risk in our base property production that you could attribute to being directly associated with downtime, because that's about what we saw last year as an average. Second quarter last year, I think, we had a 14 million a day impact for the quarter, and most of that was in the Permian. And let's face it, the Permian is a tight deal out there. And we're constantly finding it. We had a few wells here in Q1 that we delayed fracs on, waiting to get the connections put into place. So I guess, if you're looking for a number, that'd be about the number I'd give you. Other than that, I always take a minute when I answer this question this way, too. What we're trying to do with our guidance, heck, the majority of that number is coming from new wells, and we're trying to predict when we're going to drill, and when we're going to hit the good ones, what they're going to produce, and for the most part, I'm really pretty amazed, as close as we all get playing this game, when you're trying to project what you're going to see. So we inherently put, maybe, a 70% to 80% risk into our region on risk numbers, based on history. And that's kind of how we end up where we end up. We look at capital utilization, how well we spent money and added production and so forth, and then come up with our final number.
Mark Burford: Ryan, this is Mark. I have one other thought to add to that discussion, is that, as you pointed out in the slide, for the guidance slide, we talked about oil growth, excluding property sale, being 7% to 11%. And the risking that Joe is alluding to and then further risking, if you take our risked/unrisked team's wedge, as Tom alluded to, probably be adding a few thousand barrels a day to these numbers. And if we add that back into these guidance numbers, it'll probably be close to 20% growth year-over-year in oil. So we definitely have tried to build in some uncertainty with the infrastructure, uncertainty in well timing, all those factors that go into guidance. But definitely, there's a lot more upside in these numbers if we hit our plan, but we know historically, there's always timing -- issues with timing, infrastructure, and those things. And so we try to build in, we think, would be a reasonable amount of conservatism for the numbers we can think we can reasonably achieve.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, one last thing for me from an infrastructure point of view, as the pipelines come in, connecting the Permian to the Gulf over the course of the year, I mean, how do you -- you've obviously seen the differential come in quite a bit up to this point, I mean how do you view that playing out over the rest of the year? Do you see upside in terms of potential to narrow that differential or maybe even go at a premium to WTI at any point? Or...
Mark Burford: WTI premium -- WTI, no, Ryan. We don't see that potential occurring. We're grateful to see it tightening to where it's gone. But I mean, we've -- when we look at the forward curve, I'd say it's still at around $1 range, that's -- we look at our models, and we don't assume it to go to premium, but we don't also assume to buying [ph] back out like we saw early late last year and early part of this year.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Mark Burford: Great. Thank you all for joining us on the fourth quarter conference call. I look forward to reporting to you next quarter. Take care. Bye-bye.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee James M. Reid - Vice President and Manager of South Region Scott C. Schroeder - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Jeffrey W. Hutton - Vice President of Marketing
Analysts: Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note: this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Maureen, and I appreciate all joining us for this third quarter conference call. We have a lot of good information to go over today, and with me to answer any questions is Scott Schroeder, you all know him, CFO; Jeff Hutton, our VP, Marketing; Steve Lindeman, our VP, Engineering and Technology; Matt Reid, VP, Regional Manager; and Todd Liebl, our VP of Land and Business Development. Let me just say the standard boilerplate, forward-looking statements, including in our press release last night, do apply to my comments today. On the call this morning, we plan to cover the third quarter operating and financial results. We'll give you an update on our '12 and '13 guidance. We'll also update our hedging program for '12 and '13, followed by an update of our operations in the Marcellus, Eagle Ford, Marmaton, and now, we're going to add a brief comment in the Pearsall. Before I do go into the details on those topics, I'd like to highlight some of the items that were brought up in our press release last night. Cabot's production is up 42% over comparable year-to-date periods. Third quarter production was up 6% over the second quarter, even with the delays that we've discussed in permitting and gathering lines in the Marcellus. Earlier this month, as far as a little bit granular information, we brought on line 2 -- a 2-well pad, 1.5 miles west of our Zick compressor area. That pad site with 2 wells had peak rate of 43.8 million per day from only 25 stages, which I think further demonstrates the productivity of our Marcellus wells and the benefit of our reduced spacing between stages. We also recently drilled and completed the first Pearsall short lateral well under our joint venture with Osaka. The well was drilled in Frio County and tested at a 24-hour rate over 1,400 barrels equivalent per day. And I think most importantly and from a macro standpoint, Cabot will deliver industry-leading production growth in '13, with a cash flow positive program using a $3.50 gas price. I think certainly, all those stack up to good information. Last night, our financial results, the company reported clean earnings of approximately $43.1 million or $0.21 per share for the third quarter of '12, up from $35.3 million or $0.17 per share for the third quarter of '12 -- excuse me, of '11. The increase was driven by higher equivalent production and higher realized crude oil prices that more than offset weaker natural gas prices. Cash flow from operations and discretionary cash flow for the third quarter was $164 million and $175.7 million, respectively, both up from last year's comparison. Moving to a comment on production. Cabot continues to provide industry-leading production growth, driven by our premier Marcellus assets in Susquehanna County. Equivalent production for the 9-month period ended September 30, 2012 was approximately 189 Bcfe, which represents an increase of 42% compared to the 9-month period ended September 30 of 2011. Taking into account last year's fourth quarter sale of our Rocky Mountains property, our pro forma year-to-date growth in production is 51%. This 9-month production level already exceeds our full year 2011 reported production. Now to give a little forward-looking as far as our guidance is concerned for '12, we have updated our equivalent production growth range to 38% to 44%, and our liquids production growth range to 60% to 70% to better reflect our outlook for the remainder of the year. We had hoped for and scheduled earlier timing for our Marcellus gathering permits, i.e. being able to turn wells in the line. However, as previously mentioned, the permits were just recently received by Williams. This resulted in not achieving the high-end of our guidance. With that said, we are comfortable with the guidance range that we have just put out. Full year per unit cost range were also tightened based on year-to-date results and our expectations for the fourth quarter. We reaffirmed our net capital spending for '12 at $775 million and $825 million. Okay. For '13, we have updated our equivalent production growth range to 35%, which is up from the 30% we had previously posted, to 50%. So 35% to 50%. And we've established our liquids production growth range at 45% to 55%. The midpoint of our guidance ranges, when you look at 2012 and 2013, implies 3 consecutive years of 40-plus percent equivalent production growth, which is an impressive number on an ever-increasing base, while at the same time, maintaining our capital discipline not covering our balance sheet or diluting our shareholders. We have also provided initial guidance on cost for 2013, which reinforces our industry-leading cost structure and the continued trend for decreasing per unit cost. We further refined our estimates for capital spending in 2013 to between $950 million and $1.025 billion, with approximately 70% of that capital being allocated to our high rate of return projects in the Marcellus. In a $3.50 natural gas environment and with recent efficiency enhancements, our Marcellus rate of return certainly exceeds industry returns in all gas plays and most, if not all, oil plays in current commodity prices. Additionally, the planned program will deliver a slightly positive cash flow at a $3.50 natural gas and $90 oil price. And I'd say not a common occurrence in our space. Our 2012 production. Excluding the 5 basis-only hedges, the company has 37 contracts in our hedging book: 27 are gas swaps at $5.22; 5 are gas collars, with a floor of $3.60 and a ceiling of $4.17; and 4 are oil swaps at $99.30, with an additional swap at $105.05. Approximately 40% of the midpoint of our guidance for the remainder of '12 is currently hedged. For our 2013 hedge book, we have added 25 new hedges since our second quarter call in July. We now have 48 contracts, 45 for gas, which are all collars, and 3 swaps for oil. Approximately 45% of the midpoint of our production guidance for '13 is currently hedged at an average floor price of $3.63 per Mcf, which is $0.13 above the $3.50 we're using in our 2013 budget. For additional information, you can go to our website for any additional specifics. Now let's move to the operation side of our business. During the third quarter, we achieved a new milestone, with a 24-hour record of 252 million cubic foot of gas produced in our Susquehanna County area. I should note we will exceed that level, we think by 10:00 this morning in the last -- for the last 24-hour period, touching approximately 780 million cubic foot a day. I'm probably impressed with the North region's ability and their timing of some of these new releases. I probably should have more conference calls. Our gross cumulative production from the field is almost 400 Bcf, with just 60 producing horizontal wells at this time -- excuse me, with 160 producing horizontal wells at this time, certainly highlighting the prolific nature of this asset. While permitting delays for gathering lines continued to be an issue this last quarter, we were able to bring on line 23 Marcellus wells and have subsequently brought on an additional 5 wells during October. Our wells continue to outperform our expectation, as evidenced by the highlighted 2-well pad that recently came on line in the Zick area. The combined IP, as I've mentioned, of the 2-well pad was over 43 million cubic foot a day from just 25 frac stages, which utilized the narrower frac stage spacing of 200 plus or minus feet. The original 5-well pad at Zick has produced over 11 Bcf and approximately 180 days, which I think further highlights the quality of our acreage as we continue to expand to the East. In other news, we recently had a 22 frac stage well, reached 3 Bcf of cumulative production in just 105 days. I think that's the fastest record to date. It's broke the previous record we had set by 60 days. We are currently operating 4 drilling rigs in the Marcellus and have 450 stages completing, cleaning up or waiting to turn in line, along with an additional 296 stages waiting to be completed in our Marcellus area. In terms of our plan for 2013, we will increase our rig count in the Marcellus by 25%. We'll go from 4 rigs to 5 rigs. Scott likes that percentage level, by the way. We will stay at this level for the majority of the year and then add another rig as we enter 2014. The planned well count for the 2013 program in the Marcellus is 84 wells, with a placeholder for a handful of wells in the Utica, depending on the success of the well we currently have shut in. I kind of might add that, that is also dependent upon whether or not Range and Cabot get together and continue drilling in an area that has all of our acreage HBP already. The investment level, as previously highlighted, is about 70% of the overall program, with 88% of that level focused on Marcellus drilling. Okay. I have a little bit of a narrative on the infrastructure. We continue to aggressively pursue our infrastructure goals up in the Marcellus. As you're aware, we have been very clear to specifically outline those objectives in our discussion and presentations. Last quarter, we reported that the 2012 slowed down in the permit approval process did delay the construction of various gathering pipelines that ultimately affected the dates we turned our wells in line. We believe that issue has been fully resolved, and, in fact, Williams, our midstream provider, has now received 90% of the pipeline gathering permits to complete the 2012 program and has acquired 100% of the rightaways needed to complete our 2013 program. In fact, we have no less than 12 different pipelines that are currently in the construction phase. This is great news on the pipeline construction side of the infrastructure. On the other half of the infrastructure picture, deals with the timing of compressor stations and free flow interconnect into the interstate pipelines. These projects have made significant progress, and while we are not going to see any of these individual projects have an in-service date earlier than we expect, we do still expect to be close to our original goal of approximately 1.0 Bcf per day of takeaway prior to year-end 2012. But just to be clear and as we have previously discussed, when we put your models together, as the infrastructure requirements grow and the facilities are placed into service throughout our acreage position, we will, in some cases, have excess capacity in some areas but still slightly constrained in other areas. And that phenomenon is simply a result of where we need to have our drilling rigs throughout the year. One other point regarding infrastructure. We have already provided Williams with the necessary information for our 2014 program. We anticipate Williams will submit the completed application for permits in January of 2013 for our 2014 program. Now let's move to the South. This region has 5 rigs operating as we speak: 2 are in the Marmaton; and 3 rigs are drilling in the Pearsall, with 1 of these rigs moving back to the Eagle Ford program fairly soon. This rig level is expected to continue throughout 2013, as current plans call for about 50 net wells to be drilled. The region accounts for roughly 30% of our overall capital program, and of that amount, 75% is dedicated to drilling. All right. I have been a little bit reluctant to discuss the status of the Pearsall with just 1 well, but as I just mentioned last night, Cabot has successfully drilled and completed its first Pearsall Osaka joint venture well in Frio County. The short lateral well was drilled and completed with only 11 frac stages and tested at a 24-hour rate of over 1,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As mentioned, 1 additional Pearsall well is completing and 3 wells are drilling. A total of 6 Pearsall wells are planned for the 2012 program. We hope our early drilling and completed wells will fall in the $9 million to $9.5 million range. Our first well was slightly over $10 million, with the science that we threw in that. But with the learning curve, we hope to be able to continue to improve what our expectations are on the drilling cost. Cabot's net well cost will be 9.75% during the Osaka carry period, and we will have a 65% working interest in the wells on first production. We have accumulated over 70,000 acres net in the play. And as I mentioned, we do not normally discuss exploration efforts at this early stages. However, with the level of interest and the number of questions we had been receiving, I felt it was necessary to provide an update. In the Eagle Ford, we announced our release of another successful well with 4,500-foot lateral and treated with 15 stages. To date, we have 38 Eagle Ford wells in the Buckhorn area. As with other plays, we have seen well cost come down as efficiencies are gained, and we are now in the $6.5 million to $7 million completed well cost range. Also in the third quarter, the integration field to full pipeline access versus trucking our oil, that occurred just a couple of months ago. We are now able to produce the oil and transport it by that pipeline to Corpus Christi, where we received LLS pricing. This effort has made a fairly significant improvement in our realizations on an average of approximately $8 per barrel above NYMEX indications. The combination of lower cost and higher prices certainly has improved our overall economics in this area. Now let's move to North Texas, the Panhandle of Oklahoma in the Marmaton. Cabot recently completed a well with a 15-stage frac stimulation. The well produced, at a initial 24-hour rate, 664 barrels of oil a day and an average of 593 barrels over the last 20 days. We also drilled our first extended lateral well, with a lateral length of approximately 9,500 feet. The well was stimulated with 30 stages and is presently in the early stages of flowback. The second extended lateral well has been drilled and will start completion at the end of October. Completed well costs continue to average around $2.9 million to $3.3 million, with early drilled extended laterals coming in between approximately $4 million to $4.5 million. To date, we have accumulated about 70,000 net acres in that play. So in summary, our drill bit success continues to drive our significant production and reserve growth expectations. What I'm most pleased about is the continued innovation our team has come up with, with new ideas that certainly is going to translate into incremental value. My expectation, that we will post excellent numbers at year-end '12, and it's also as a forward-look, my expectation that Cabot will, in 2013, certainly have industry-leading production growth. We'll have a significant reserve addition at a very low cost to finding. We will also have an improved balance sheet, with a positive cash flow program using only a $3.50 gas price. I think we'll see a milestone reached in '13 where well have a Bcf per day of net production at some point during the year, and we will achieve these results with only 10 operated rigs for most of the year. I think a couple of these points may set us apart from some of our space. Anyhow, Maureen, with that brief summary, I will be more than happy to answer any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Pearce Hammond, Simmons.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: On your capital guidance, you mean, on your production guidance for 2013, you provided the liquids production guidance. Does that include the Pearsall?
Dan O. Dinges: That includes the Pearsall with a risk profile attached to it. In other words, we obviously risk our exploratory exportation ideas and by putting together a production cash flow statement, we risk our expectations accordingly.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. And then if you look at -- you're going to go to the reduced frac spacing in the Marcellus and in a larger way next year. So how should we think about the total number of stages completed in the Marcellus in '13 versus '12?
Dan O. Dinges: We will -- we'll certainly be higher. I would expect that the increase will be 35-or-so percent.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. And then finally, just from the industry standpoint, given the recent rise in gas prices specifically for the calendar year '13, do you think the industry is going to be more active in the Marcellus and we should see a gradual uptick in the industry rig count in the Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I don't know. It -- I think it depends on where companies have rate of return projects in their portfolio that would complete -- compete with their positions in the Marcellus. Some of the Marcellus up there is not quite as prolific as the area that we have, and the threshold for economic returns in other areas of the Marcellus might not compete with the returns that some companies might be able to deliver by drilling in some of their oil portfolio.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Brackett, Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I had a question on the Pearsall shale. You're quoting numbers of $9 million to $9.5 million. If I just compare that against your $7 million Eagle Ford wells, what's that incremental cost? It doesn't seem like just go it a little deeper is going to cost you that $2 million.
Dan O. Dinges: I'll pass it over to Matt for a second. But one of the things that you have to take into consideration is we're trying to determine where we're going to land the well. We're trying to get our mud property straight. And certainly, it's in a higher pressure regime, and the fracs require a little bit more -- well, more pump pressures. And we're using ceramic in the frac stages. But I'll let Matt also expand on some of that.
James M. Reid: Dan is exactly right. And actually, it's a different casing program than our Pearsall program. We have an extra string of casing in our Pearsall program as opposed to our Eagle Ford program. And we do see higher pour pressures in the Pearsall, and we do see higher frac pressures as well. And we do increase our profit strength as well during our fracs in the Pearsall.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And are you landing those Pearsall wells in the Bayer Shale or in the Pine Island? Or you -- do you think you're stimulating all 3 sub units?
James M. Reid: Right now, we barely -- we haven't really discussed that, and I can give you a little bit better feel for that after we do some micro seis work. We'll be doing that probably in the first quarter of next year, as to what we're actually stimulating. I know where we're landed, landed in about 70-foot interval there in the Pearsall. You can call it the Bayer, you can call it the Calcreek, you can call it the James. People call it different intervals.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, the 70-foot is in approximately 500 to 600 foot gross Pearsall interval.
James M. Reid: Correct.
Operator: Our next question is Michael Hall, Robert W. Baird.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just, I guess, a couple of follow-ups on the tighter frac spacing. I just want to make sure I'm, I guess, understanding the initial 2 wells. Were those roughly 2,500 foot laterals, if you're in about 25 stages between the 2 of them? And is that a bit shorter than your typical lateral, and so on a more kind of a normalized basis, we should see even more uplift? Is that a fair way to think about it?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we have -- I don't have the exact lateral length of those wells, but keep in mind that some of our wells up there are shorter laterals, not because we prefer that but because geographically, if we are unable to get a leasehold position, that at times, we have to shorten the laterals. So again, I don't have the laterals space right in front of me, but that typically -- well, that is the reason why we shortened our laterals.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Fair enough. And, I guess, is there any way to quantify or are you ready to kind of quantify a little bit more in terms of what sort of percentage increases in productivity and EUR per lateral foot you're seeing as a result of that program? And then also, what -- all right, go ahead, then.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, Mike, we certainly have seen an improvement, and that's the reason why we're moving our program to the reduced spacing for the fracs. We're not prepared to give details. We are still evaluating all the pilot wells that we've drilled with this reduced spacing. Steve Lindeman and his group are currently in the throes of preparing for year-end reserve. And through that effort and evaluation of more data points on the production curve of these wells versus the wells that we are frac-ing at 250 will go into our bookings on EUR at the end of the year, and we'll certainly be able to quantify a efficiency gain by virtue of that process.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. No, that will be helpful. And then, I guess, last one on that is, how much of the 2013 program would you say is going to be utilized in that new approach, roughly?
Dan O. Dinges: We will be implementing the 200-plus or minus foot spacing for our entire '13 program.
Operator: Our next question is Brian Singer, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you give us the latest update on the backlog that you have in the Marcellus of stages or wells that are drilled but not completed, and completed and awaiting tie-in? And then can you talk also -- you -- as you get to the Bcf a day by the end of the year, how much of that would come on from wells that are already drilled, already producing or wells that still need to be drilled?
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. I was going to pass that to Scott, but he got a coughing attack here. We have -- nice move, Scott.
Scott C. Schroeder: Thank you.
Dan O. Dinges: We have 19 wells that have -- are waiting on the pipeline. Those have 283 stages. Were currently completing 9 wells with -- or in the process of flowing back one of the other 167 stages. And we have 21 wells that are waiting on completion or -- with 296 stages. And I'm sorry. Brian, what was the rest of your question?
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The rest of the question is as you get to a Bcf a day, how much of the difference between where you are now and there will come from wells that are actually already producing today that may be constrained versus wells that are -- that youve got entitlement [ph] in your backlog versus wells that you may still have to drill?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have the expectation between now and the end of the year to bring on, say, another 30 wells. And if you look at what the guys were able to provide me this morning, that we think this most recent 24-hour period, that well be at 780 million cubic foot a day. It's -- to me, it looks like that we will be able to, depending again where these 30 wells are coming on line and the infrastructure capacity, it looks like that the wells that we'll bring on line will provide that -- get up to that Bcf a day. And as far as capacity restraints or the existing wells being restrained either by lack of capacity through dehy or compression or by higher line pressure because we have not yet gone into the phase where we're reducing our field pressures, I think we could see incremental gains from those wells once we are able to implement reduced line pressure. That doesnt answer your question, I know, exactly, Brian, but I do think the wells that we'll bring on between now and the end of year in our existing wells, if we were able to deliver all of the gas that they could produce, we could hit that Bcf a day. However, we will have constraints within the system.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then when we look at the midstream options for next year, what are your thoughts on major milestones or the trajectory of further debottlenecking and new midstream outlooks coming on over the course of 2013? And how do you think about differential and the content of flexibility in terms of where you sell your gas as you look ahead to next year?
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Well, good questions. And the focus on the infrastructure has been something that we have dealt with through this entire year. I am pleased that we will be able to get this problem behind us for the most part in the -- as far as the effect it has on where our guidance is. And I think Jeff is the appropriate person to kind of reference the current status of the infrastructure and also where we're going with the infrastructure and the market as a whole up there.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay, Brian. I think if you look back to our last presentation, you'll see a central compressor station, which is in the north central part of our play. That is the next major step for Cabot in terms of completing the original infrastructure plan. So that's kind of a second half or second -- late second quarter 2013. We're not relying solely on that, of course. We have a number of projects: some new interconnects with existing pipes that will be free flow activity; units that are coming on late this year, early first quarter. But, again, you asked about the major next step. That will be central compressor station that feeds a new 24-inch pipeline that's currently being laid. It comes down to the old Springville system down the Transco. In terms of moving gas around, we, of course, are very, very blessed to have 3 interstate pipelines that we're able to take our production to: a Millennium Pipe to the North, a Tennessee Gas Pipeline on the 300-line right through the center of our acreage; and, of course, the Transco lighting system. So currently, with the options that we have with each compressor station, we're actually able to, for the first time, start to play a little bit of the pricing game. So better prices on Transco, a little more gas goes there; better pricing on Tennessee, a little more gas goes there. So it's been fun compared to last December when we had, as you know, 600,000-day flowing into one pipe. And we expect to continue to build the optionality into the system and the flexibility so that as we -- as our production grows, we continue to have those options to deliver gas to different markets.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Portillo, Tudor, Pickering & Holt.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a few quick questions for me. On the Pearsall, could we get just a breakdown on the hydrocarbon content between oil, NGLs and gas?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, right now, I'll say it this way, that it's one way all in one area of the field, so I'd be reluctant to give it all right now. But we're over 50% black oil right now in the stream, and then we have a high Btu content gas along with it.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Perfect. And then just jumping quickly up to the Marcellus, just a bookkeeping question. In terms of well cost, could you give us an update on -- kind of as we look at these 12- to 15-stage frac wells, where youre expecting cost to come in at the moment, and how you see cost trends heading into 2013?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we have -- as we have stated in the past, we've looked at the Marcellus, and we've always outlined our typical well as being a 3,500-foot lateral with 15 stages. Now it -- our typical well, as we build our database now, will be most likely reflected as a 3,500-foot lateral with approximately 18 stages in it. That cost of that well is going to be a little bit higher because we'll have 3 additional stages in there. And in regard to cost, we're about $6 million or so now with our typical 15-stage frac well. So we'll have a little bit of incremental cost with 3 additional stages. But I'll also add that we're currently in negotiations with our pumping providers up there, and that process has not executed yet. We have not yet executed a final contract for our 13 pumping services, but I am comfortable in saying that our pumping service cost will be below our cost we saw in 2012. So I can't say exactly what I think it's going to be until we see where we land with the pumping service contract. But directionally, all our costs are going down.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just a last question for me. As we kind of look across your portfolio today, you've obviously established quite a few new potential cornerstone assets. And just trying to get a better sense of how you guys think about the potential for acceleration of development on these assets, either with your own capital or potential through JVs over time. So just wondering if you're looking at bringing in any additional partners across any of your either exploration or development plays and then how you guys are potentially thinking about capital acceleration, potentially heading into the back-end of '13. And I know it's a little bit early for that but just trying to get a better sense of how you guys are thinking about the opportunity set.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we're firmly blessed with a portfolio that yields very good returns and particularly our Marcellus, and we're very cognizant of the fact that our Marcellus assets yield some of the best returns of any asset in the industry. And we will continue to allocate and grow that asset as rapidly as we can. Our main objective would be to enhance our present value of that asset, and we'll continue to do so. In the other areas of our portfolio, we will continue to capture our acreage out there, that's primary term acreage. We have done so -- as an example of what we've been able to do is the Osaka transaction. We were able to bring a partner in, Osaka, and we're very pleased to have them as a partner. And we look forward to having them as a long-term partner. So we are able to bring them in, give them an opportunity to get a foothold in the States. But also, it allowed us to have leveraged dollars to drill a little bit deeper in the section, i.e. the Pearsall. We knew the Pearsall had potential, and we are currently drilling in the Pearsall. Those leveraged dollars have allowed us to, in essence, maintain all of our acreage, including the Eagle Ford acreage, and it certainly has allowed us to compete on a return profile with these -- with the carrier we have at a very favorable rate compared to the Marcellus. In the other areas, like the Marmaton, we have acreage out there that we would continue to desire to capture because we have very good returns out there in the Marmaton, particularly with the very low completed well cost. We will look at that and have looked at that, as it is an area that would be right for a partnership. And right now, we have not strained our balance sheet. Our '13 program has free cash available even as we operate in our area out there without -- in the Marmaton, without a joint venture partner. But we do evaluate it and we do look at how we can maximize the capital efficiency of every dollar we spend. We have not taken off the table having another joint venture partner in any of our operations, less and except the Marcellus.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. So as we think about those, is it both the Marmaton and the Eagle Ford that could potentially be assets where you may bring in additional partners or just the Marmaton at the moment?
Dan O. Dinges: No, I think the entire area we'll look at, if it looks like a significant enhancement to us and we have the right party that we would like to be in business with, certainly, being able to enhance our capital efficiency, we would consider it.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Meade, Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Quick -- a couple of quick questions for you. That -- those 2 wells in the Zick area, is that the Daniels pad or are we still waiting for results on that?
Dan O. Dinges: No, the Daniels pad is another 7 miles to the East further. We are still waiting on that area to get some pipelines to that particular area. So that will be further out in '13 before we get a line out in that area. We wanted...
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: I'm sorry. That was -- So that will be like a first quarter '13 or something like that?
Dan O. Dinges: No, it's second quarter, actually, by time we get that line out there.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then the second question I had was, regarding your Pearsall activity in 2013, is that going to be all in the Buckhorn area or are you going to pull a rig over to Powderhorn for part of the year?
Dan O. Dinges: We will have the majority of the activity in the Buckhorn area, but we will also do an exploratory evaluation of our Powderhorn area.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: And so -- I mean, do you have in mind, I mean, like a rough percentage? What percentage of your activity is going to be in Buckhorn versus Powderhorn?
Dan O. Dinges: 90% is going to be in Buckhorn.
Operator: Our next question is Joe Magner, Macquarie.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: Just wanted to, I guess, try to tie some things together in case I missed it. With the ongoing drilling activity, have you -- I guess what -- have you quantified what sort of efficiencies you're seeing in terms of how many wells you can drill per rig per year?
Dan O. Dinges: No, we -- I haven't broken out -- I've broken it out like that just on the back of an envelope, but we're -- our efficiencies that we see on a per rig basis kind of reflect in our rate of return number per well. So when you look at -- if you want to look at it from a days drilling and rig-to-rig -- or, excuse me, spud-to-spud in the Marcellus, we're looking at 20, 22 days, something of that range. Pearsall is still a little bit early to make that determination. I will say that Matt and his group had actually penciled in drill time and run pipe about 60 days originally in the Pearsall before we drilled our first well, and they have come in, in the 40 days to get that accomplished. So they had already -- were able to beat their initial curve, and certainly have ideas on how they're going to enhance that. So we're fairly good on the type of drilling we're doing in the Marcellus, and that 20, 22 days is a phenomenon based on us having to make a lot more rig moves than we would have to -- than we'll have to make once we get to pure pad drilling. We're only drilling 2 or 3 wells per pad, and once we get to pad drilling, certainly, that spud-to-spud time will be reduced once we drill the 10 to 14 wells per pad that we plan on in future. And I would expect Matt will be able to engineer the drilling of, for example, the Pearsall wells and get that drill time down just like he has in other -- every other area that we have been operating.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: Okay. Great. And just touch on Pearsall being a risk component of your year-over-year liquids growth. What are the, I guess, primary drivers that your liquids? Is it Marmaton? Is it -- just kind of provide a little more detail on that.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, it's Marmaton and the Eagle Ford. And we certainly have, in the mix, a risk profile of our Pearsall expected completions.
Joseph Patrick Magner - Macquarie Research: Okay. And just one last one. That 1 Bcf a day rate you're referring to, is that a net or a gross number? Just to clarify.
Dan O. Dinges: That is -- that would be a net number.
Operator: Our next question is Jack Aidan, KeyBanc.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Dan, could you guess or venture to guess what would you might exit the year in terms of production out of the Marcellus? I mean, you have 780 million now.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. We have a number of wells coming online, and we have a pretty good rate going right now. I would say that if we were -- and, again, Jack, youve got the snapshot, so we got to make sure everything is in sync. But I'll do the total company. I think the total company would be 900 million equivalent a day or better.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Second question. Now, in the past, you booked -- most of the...
Dan O. Dinges: Thats a net number, by the way.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes. Okay. In the past, you booked your reserve at certain EURs. Now with reduced spacing for -- in the frac stages, now it looks like those 2 wells, you're getting $2 million for the frac stages. If that's what you're going to grow through the year, 2013, directionally, what kind of uplifts we might see in the reserve booking? I know it is early, but can you venture in that area also a little bit?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I can tell you like this. I do think that our typical well definition of 3,500 feet in 15 stages will go to 3,500 foot and 18 stages or so. And those 3 additional stages are going to have some incremental effect on a similar lateral length well as we had in our 11 bookings. I'm not going to stretch to say that every frac stage now will be a 2 million a day increment. That's just -- that's a very aggressive number, and we don't have enough data points to say exactly what it's going to be. But I will say and what we're trying to gather and what Steve Lindeman and his group and also Phil Stalnaker and his group were trying to determine is the additional frac stages, it's just not additive for the 3 additional frac stages. We think the additional reduced spacing for all the lateral length is going to have some incremental add, some incremental gain by virtue of the stages being reduced from 250 to 200. What that number is and how we quantify it on a IP per stage basis or an EUR basis, I'm not prepared to narrow that at this stage. But I am excited, and obviously, us moving our '13 program to that 200-foot spacing is indicative of how we feel about it.
Operator: Our next question is Biju Perincheril from Jefferies.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. On this Marcellus completions, how should we think about it? Are you  with the more stages and doing lateral length, are you still pumping the same amount of proppants and water per stage or are you now proportionately pumping less? And can you talk about what -- does it have any impact on the spacing that you had assumed before?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we are still pumping at the same barrels per minute rate, and we are also pumping these stages with the similar amount of proppant. And again, the effect on the way we were pumping -- or the stages and how we were completing wells before, I think it's just -- the enhancement is going to be recognized through our production charts on each well as we get more data. But I do think the efficiencies gained by reduced spacing and in keeping the pump pressures similar and the pump rates similar and the amount of proppant is going to be incrementally beneficial across the entire lateral length.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. So if I think about the frac length laterally, that's about same as before?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then on the infrastructure issues you've had, was that related to some changes in the regulatory process or was it just a manpower issue with DEP or Army Corps of Engineers?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes, Biju, it's actually a combination of those factors. In fact, the -- Williams has done an excellent job with the agencies, at time-to-time try to venture and interpret the regulations a little differently with each application. So there's a little bit of that going on. There was the typical backlog of so many permit applications that without increased manpower at those agencies, just a number of factors from communications between dual agencies when you have a wetland application, for example. Bit the DEP has made progress. The governor actually has intervened somewhat into the process. And so we feel much, much better today than we did a year ago.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. So when do you think Williams will start receiving permits for the FY 2013 program?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. So the applications that Williams files are -- with the agencies, the Corps of Engineers and the DEP, they are on an ongoing process. So it's not exactly a calendar year. We gave Williams a 2013 program well earlier than some of the other wells. That permit actually could come out earlier or maybe we already have and I think we do have some of the '13 permits in hand. So it's really not a stop-and-go process with each program year; it's just an ongoing process.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So I should think about -- you have about 30 location backlog today in hand, permit. And then...
Scott C. Schroeder: Biju, this is Scott. One of the other things, picking up on what Jeff said, is, again, Williams had all the permits fully 100% ready to turn into the regulators by July of this year for '13. And so one of the things the dynamics that happened is early in this process, if you remember, was kind of 6 to 9 months to get them out, and then it kind of ballooned out to 18 months. It's moving back towards the 12- to 13-month time period. One of the things we've said in some of our meetings was that by the end of next summer, directly to your question, we kind of expect we'd have all the 13 permits, if they kind of take a little over the  a year to get.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Perfect. That's very helpful. And then one last question, just clarification on that Piersall rate. Dan, did I hear you that the rate that you quoted is not -- does not include NGLs, such as the oil and rich gas?
Dan O. Dinges: The BOE of 1,400 barrels a day does include the full well stream. I just haven't given the mix of the MMBtu quality of the gas and the NGLs that are associated with it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is Joe Allman, JPMorgan.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So in terms of infrastructure in the Marcellus and, in particular, the interstate pipes, what gives you the confidence that you can grow your production as much as you've forecast? Are you relying on your own firm transportation or are you relying more so on the firm capacity of others? And where might there be some vulnerability?
Dan O. Dinges: I'll let Jeff go into that, Joe.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. Well, there's always a challenge with that subject, but here's how we plan for that one. We currently hold FT basis of around 350,000 a day of firm takeaway. So we sleep well at night knowing that we have that amount of capacity. Of course, we're always participating in expansion projects, and we have a number of projects that we're considering participation in. On a -- if you kind of think we're producing -- we're just on an average day in the past few months 750,000 a day, then you can assume that our firm transport moves x amount of gas and then our customers firm transport moves x amount of gas. So we have, from the beginning, sold to utilities LDCs in the Northeast volumes of gas that they move under their end-path firm transportation. And that's been our success to date. As we move larger volumes, we've signed some longer-term contracts with a couple of parties that have this firm transportation. It is very valuable. There's been a couple of expansions, particularly on Tennessee, the EQT expansion, which added 350,000 a day of firm. That capacity is currently not all in use, so capacity has freed up on that pipeline and also in Millennium. So we feel good that the interstates have responded with additional backhaul and additional expansion capacity. Transco has a project right now that will come about in 2 years that will add around 500,000 to 600,000 a day capacity. And last but not least, and I'll use this opportunity to plug Constitution Pipeline, that is our 650,000 a day pipeline that's going to come from a central compressor station that I mentioned earlier into the Iroquois Zone 2 market and a Tennessee 200-line market. Cabot will have 500,000 a day of firm capacity on that pipeline. So we are planning for the future. We're going to end up holding a lot of firm transport, but we'll always be selling to utilities in the Northeast and the Mid-Atlantic area that do hold firm transportation.
Operator: Having no further questions, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing marks.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Maureen. I appreciate everybody joining us for the call. I think you can see that we have posted some good numbers for our third quarter year quarter-end, expect the numbers to continue to improve as we get to '12 year-end. And we've given you a little bit of a look at our '13, and our expectation is our '13 is going to be equally as robust as our '12 was. So thank you for your commitment. Thanks for the loyalty for those long-term holders. And we appreciate your support. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Scott C. Schroeder - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Steven W. Lindeman - Vice President of Engineering & Technology Jeffrey W. Hutton - Vice President of Marketing James M. Reid - Vice President and Manager of South Region
Analysts: Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division Joseph Stewart - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Robert L. Christensen - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges. Please go ahead.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Emily. I appreciate everybody joining us this morning for this second quarter conference call. With me today is Scott Schroeder; Jeff Hutton, our VP of Marketing; Steve Lindeman, our VP of Engineering and Technology; Matt Reid, handles our South Region; and Todd Liebl, VP of Land and Business Development. Before I start, as usual, the boilerplate standard language that we have is forward-looking statements included in the press release do apply to my comments today. Excuse me. At this time, we have many things to cover, and I'm going to expand on the press releases that were issued last night. I'll briefly cover the financials in the second quarter. We'll update the '12 guidance, including a capital discussion, as well as a preliminary review of our 2013 plan, and the recent successes that we had with drill bit, and I'll follow that with a discussion of our operations. Before I go into the details on these topics, I'd like to start with just a brief list of the highlights that we've seen in this last quarter. Cabot grew production 40% over the comparable quarter of last year, including 37% growth in natural gas and a 96% growth in liquids. Second quarter production was up 5% quarter-over-quarter, and this is even after the impact of unscheduled maintenance and the delays we've talked about as attached to our Marcellus gathering lines. We have brought online a 2-well pad that together the wells have produced 2 Bcf in 39 days, and they are still producing right at 59, 60 million cubic foot a day. The initial down space test in our Buckhorn area in the Eagle Ford and the zipper fracs, which were the first we'd tried out there, have proven to be successful. Along with our down space initiatives in the Marcellus. Also, the cash proceeds and the increase in capital, the cash proceeds from our JV fully fund drilling in 2 new plays, the Purcell and the Utica. And we have only very minimal production forecasts due to the nature of these 2 areas. We've also had acreage acquisition in several new areas. All of this is going to enhance the 2013 production growth expectations. Now let me roll into the financial results. The company reported clean earnings of approximately $10 million or $0.05 per share. That was driven by our significant production increases that more than offset weaker natural gas prices. Cash flow from operations and discretionary cash flow for the second quarter were $159 million and $142 million, respectively. The Marcellus continues to be the driving force behind our production growth, while the Eagle Ford and Marmaton continue to add significant liquids production to our profile as illustrated by our 96% increase. When you adjust for the 2.8 Bcf of production from the second quarter of 2011 that was associated with last year's Rocky Mountain sale, our equivalent production growth for the quarter was 49% greater than last year's second quarter. Guidance, we continue to reaffirm our equivalent production growth for 2012, 35% to 50%, and liquids production growth of 55% to 65%. We updated the full year cost guidance by decreasing DD&A and taxes other than income on a per share per unit basis to reflect our updated views for the remainder of the year. We also provided third quarter guidance for absolute G&A and exploration expenses. In the second quarter, G&A increased primarily due to a higher pension expense as a result of the termination of our qualified pension plan that was completed in the second quarter of 2012, additionally, which was not normalized and included in the second quarter G&A figure are an assessment from the Office of Natural Resources Revenue for certain matters in the Rocky Mountains, which we are currently disputing, and was also increased in legal fees associated with preparation for the Fiorentino lawsuit in PA. However, in regard to that case, Cabot has reached verbal settlement agreement with 32 out of 36 households. Negotiations will continue with the remaining households. The aggregate value of the settlements are not a material item with respect to Cabot's financial statements. Resolution of this litigation will have a very positive impact on G&A going forward due to the reduction in cost of defense. The combination of these items had a $0.03 per share impact to the quarter. Exploration expenses also increased during the quarter due to the expensing of our initial Brown Dense exploratory well in Arkansas. Now let's move to some of the discussion on our 2012 plans as a result of the recent joint venture with Osaka. And we're very pleased to have Osaka as a partner in our Purcell area. We have restructured our operational plans for the remainder of 2012. We plan to keep 4 rigs running in the Marcellus for the remainder of the year instead of dropping down to 3 rigs. We also plan to run 2 rigs in the Purcell associated with the Osaka joint venture, 2 rigs in the Marmaton due to the improved results that we have seen out there, and 1 rig in the Eagle Ford for a total of 9 operated rigs company-wide by year end. Plus, we will have some other non-operated efforts, for example, in the Utica and Marmaton. The additional drilling activity will primarily be funded through the upfront cash proceeds and future drilling carry from the JV. At the same time, our lease acquisition efforts have doubled from $45 million to $90 million in acquisitions of acreage in existing areas, filling in some holes and new plays. In a couple of new areas, we have accumulated over 25,000 acres in each of a couple of areas. All of these operational changes will have limited impact on 2012 production, but will certainly enhance our production expectations for 2013. In 2013, this a little bit early for us to put some numbers out there, but we thought we would with the additional capital that we have placed in front of you that would affect our '13 plans. We expect to grow production by minimum of 30% to 50%, with a capital program between $900 million and $1 billion. The planned program will again target being cash flow neutral at today's strip pricing. Clearly, these are wide parameters. We'll try to refine these numbers as we approach next year. We've had some questions in regard to hedging. The company added 17 new hedges since our first quarter call in April, of which 16 are related to 2013. The company has 32 contracts for 2012 production, excluding the 5 basis [ph] only hedges. 27 are for gas at $5.22, 4 oil contracts at $99.30 and an additional contract at $105 -- $105. Approximately 40%, the midpoint of our production guidance for 2012, is currently hedged. We also have, now, 23 contracts for our 2013, 20 for gas which are collars, and 3 swaps for oil. We continue to monitor the natural gas market due to the recent strength to consider additional hedging. You can find our hedging on our website. Now let's move into the operations in the North region. We continue to have outstanding results in the Marcellus and Susquehanna County. Since the end of the first quarter, we have brought on line 5 wells with IPs exceeding 20 million per day. At the top of the list is a 2-well pad that has been on line only 39 days. We got very few days in the second quarter. But they've been on line for 39 days and has produced over 2 Bcf and is currently producing, as I mentioned, between 59 and 60 million cubic foot per day. Also, we have continued to collect data on our 500-foot spaced lateral initiative that we're using to determine optimal spacing out in the Marcellus. If you recall, we completed 2 500-foot laterally spaced wells located between 2 existing wells that had cumulatively produced 10 Bcf already. The Upper Marcellus infill well IP-ed for 8 million cubic foot per day and the Lower Marcellus infill well IP-ed for 16 million cubic foot per day. Both wells production was constrained slightly, and both wells were completed with 15-stage fracs. The result of these wells are exceeding our expected EURs based on the early production data, and our expected EURs were the 7.5 Bcf and 11 Bcf, respectively. Also last quarter, we announced a 5-well pad that was a 7-mile step-out to the east from any previous production. These wells continue to perform very well and equally as good as the central portion of our acreage. The 5-well pad has produced over 6.5 Bs in about 3.5 months and is producing over 55 million cubic foot per day at this time. Additionally, we have flow tested 2 wells at 2 different sites located approximately 4 miles to the northeast and a similar distance to the east northeast from the Zick pad site. That's the 5-well pad site I just mentioned. These wells tested at similar rates as the Zick pad wells. We are currently waiting on gathering lines to be hooked up to these new wells that we just tested. Again, all these wells continue to de-risk our acreage in Susquehanna County. We're very comfortable with our acreage position. In addition, we have just completed shooting a 50-square-mile 3D seismic survey on the eastern portion of our acreage, with the addition of this data, which will be processed by the fourth quarter, we have 3D seismic coverage over approximately 95% of our acreage in Susquehanna County. On the operations side, we are currently operating 5 drilling rigs in the Marcellus, and we plan to go down to 4 rigs in August. Through the first half of this year, we have completed 520 stages, and we currently have 368 stages that have been completed and waiting to turn in line or they're currently cleaning up or we're currently completing. And additionally, we have 374 stages drilled and waiting to be completed. Regard to the infrastructure comments, we continue to make progress despite minor regulatory and governmental slowdowns on pipeline permits. Specifically, the backlog on obtaining pipeline permits has been the cause of the delays that we've talked about and has certainly affected our second quarter production. I've read this morning that Corbett has made some comments in regard to setting up some permit approval expectations for the PADEP. We're gaining ground in regard to all of these and do not expect the slow down to affect our 2012 guidance or our maximum takeaway capacity goal of approximately 1.5 Bcf per day by the end of the year. We have, with the help of Williams, accelerated our permit applications for 2013 and our 2014 program, and at this time, do not expect any delays. A brief comment on the Constitution Pipeline, just a note that the joint venture Constitution Pipeline with Transco, where we have a 25% interest, the initial pre-filing at FERC was completed, as well as all stakeholder notifications. We are currently in the community outreach phase with everything going as planned and continues on schedule for a March 2015 startup. Another comment on pricing. We continue to receive comments on the pricing in the northeast, and the update regarding pricing is that -- and everybody is aware that the weak commodity prices our entire industry has seen and experienced lately has certainly -- we've seen it up in the Marcellus. All producers have experienced some discounting to the historic Appalachia price index. However, with the flexibility of our Springville line to Transco and the Laser system to Millenium, our discount to traditional Appalachia pricing is only around $0.03 to $0.05. We expect the trend to continue in this range. However, again, due to all the questions we get regarding our Marcellus pricing in general, we want to reiterate again that daily spot pricing, which can drop significantly below daily NYMEX pricing during the month, is not applicable to Cabot. And as for the overall macro gas outlook, we're certainly encouraged and enthusiastic that the commodities market has recently turned and improved and has some strong fundamentals behind it with some increased demand and the storage numbers certainly heading in the right direction. A brief comment on the Utica. The company's Utica test with Range Resources, Cabot and Range are 50-50 in this effort. It's drilling ahead in the Northwest Pennsylvania. The future releases that we would make, we will be following the operator's lead. A brief comment also in regard to water extractions up there. There has been some drought conditions in Pennsylvania, and I just wanted to fill everybody in on where Cabot is in this particular effort. By the end of July, we have and do anticipate having to have completed 60% of our planned fracking program. With the possibility of drought conditions up there, Cabot has firm ability to complete at least 2/3 of the remaining planned completions for 2012 with the existing capacity, and that's in the event that drought conditions would continue unabated. However, we are securing access to additional sites as we speak, which will more than make up for our water requirements. Lastly, as a backup, Cabot engineering is adding additional storage capacity at its major withdrawal sites. Again, we did not expect to have any problems with fracking. Moving to the South region and I'll start off with the comments in the Eagle Ford. We have drilled 33 wells with 2 wells currently drilling in our Eagle Ford play. The average IP has continued to increase. In regard to the 400-foot down spacing project, we are drilling our second set of wells designed to test the down space concept again at about 400-foot apart. These wells will also utilize the zipper frac that we did on our first couple of wells. We then plan to zipper frac our new down space test in early August. During the second quarter, our oil pipeline that connects the majority of our Eagle Ford oil wells was connected -- it was connected and put into service. This allows our crude to be delivered to a central storage facility and dramatically reduce the truck hauling fees, plus reduce our truck traffic. During July, we connected our storage facilities to an existing crude pipeline that will further reduce our trucking costs, plus add price upside by marketing our production at the Gulf Coast refineries in lieu of at the least. In the Purcell, our first well is drilling with the second well scheduled to spud sometime in late August. Plans are to drill at least 5 Purcell wells in 2012. With success, that number would triple in 2013. Moving up to the Marmaton in the Panhandle of Oklahoma and Texas, last night's press release highlighted the Marmaton continues to produce excellent results. The program has grown to about 20 operated wells planned in '12, plus participation with a non-operator in several more wells -- as a non-operator in several more wells. Our team is doing an excellent job picking their locations and drilling these wells, which is why a portion of the proceeds from our recent joint venture are being allocated to this area. Additionally, we wanted to move into the southern area of our acreage, the Panhandle of Texas to look at and evaluate that acreage. Our average IP for the last 5 operated wells is over 1,100 barrels of oil plus associated gas, with our drilling costs between $2.9 million and $3.4 million. What this quarter highlights is our drilling activity. Besides remaining highly economic in this price environment, it continues to be very robust. When the infrastructure permits up in the Marcellus catches up with our productive capacity up there, we will certainly see our volumes to expand, and we have already seen that as we have brought on additional wells in July. Additionally, once again, extracted dollars from our assets in a value creating way that opens many doors. We're going to keep the one well in the Marcellus. We've added a well in the Marmaton and certainly, we had new Utica and new Purcell drilling. This is a continued, consistent application of what we've done in the past as part of our strategy. With that, Emily, I'll be more than happy to answer any of the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Pearce Hammond of Simmons.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: I know it's early, and I appreciate the look at the '13 guidance, but was curious for that '13 capital guidance. What is the rig forecast by region behind that guidance?
Dan O. Dinges: We're going to be in 5 or 6 rigs in the Marmaton and we're going to -- I mean -- excuse me, in the Marcellus. And we're going to have a couple of rigs in the Eagle Ford, and we'll probably have 3 rigs in the Purcell, and we'll have the 2 rigs in the Marmaton.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Perfect. And then in the new guidance slide you state it's been...
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, let me just also mention, there might be 1 or 2 more wells drilled in areas that we'll talk about once we get better definition of those.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay. And then in the new guidance slide, you state that the new 2012 CapEx guidance is $775 million to $825 million, and that's net of proceeds from asset sales in the Purcell JV. What is the CapEx if you include the proceeds from the Purcell JV and any asset sales? So we just add the $125 million from the first Purcell JV on top of that?
Scott C. Schroeder: Yes, Pierce, that's exactly right. So it'd be $900 million to $950 million.
Operator: Our next question comes Biju Perincheril of Jefferies.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, looking at the '13 guidance. Can you -- is there any contribution -- or how much contribution have you baked in from Utica and Purcell in those numbers?
Dan O. Dinges: In the '13 guidance?
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Dan O. Dinges: We're not breaking out the '13 guidance. We have a significant risk profile attached. In fact, we had 0 production contributing from the Utica in our forecast for '12. And we have a very minimal amount forecast right now because of its exploratory nature in the Purcell. So until we see the -- with the well results, drilling results, we're not forecasting that production.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you mentioned the drought conditions in Pennsylvania and some of the various conditions don't improve. Is any of that also baked into the '13 guidance? Or are you assuming the conditions do improve?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the -- I can't predict the weather, but I can say currently, there is even-- since they had the restrictions, the restrictions have been lifted in our withdrawal sites. And we will start sometime today withdrawing water again up there as a normal course of business. So you're going to have these -- you're going to have the periods where you have some flood restrictions. It's dependent upon certainly rain, but we also are enhancing our storage capacity to allow us to frac through any extended drought periods. So to answer your question more succinctly, we have not forecast in our '13 guidance any risk profile attached to obtaining water for fracking. So we're comfortable with what we're building out in form of frac tanks, in the form of additional take points and in the form of accumulation areas to keep our frac crews busy.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And you mentioned the additional storage. Can you tell us what your current capacity is and how much you are adding?
Dan O. Dinges: Our current capacity will allow us to frac at least 2 stages per day and that is just as what we hold on the ground right now. That does not include where we are currently securing additional sites for take point, and it does not include any type of impoundments. So I would say we have plus or minus 500 frac stages -- frac tanks, excuse me, frac tanks available for fracking.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. Plus or minus 500 available today and can you say how many you're adding?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, once we have -- it's not going to be where we're adding the frac tanks, it's going to be where we're adding additional capacity to existing sites and a couple of additional new sites for water withdrawal and the engineering of impoundment.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then one more question related to that. I think you only had 2 or 3 locations that was impacted by the restrictions. How many withdrawal locations do you have in Susquehanna?
Dan O. Dinges: We have -- I'll let Steve Lindeman answer that.
Steven W. Lindeman: Yes, there were 2 that were impacted. We have 5 total.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you talk to what you're seeing or expecting in terms of IP per stage from your Marcellus wells now versus what's historically been I think about 1 million cubic feet a day per stage I believe? And to what degree that your wells in the Marcellus that are currently online are being restrained if at all because of midstream constraint versus what you would want them to optimally produce?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have for example, the 2 wells that we've just announced on a per stage basis, these couple of new wells-- they're obviously very good wells, and they are above our average IP. We continue to see a fairly consistent level of production on a per stage basis. We are trying to extend our laterals and we're trying to add additional stages, but we do continuously or negated from as longer laterals as we'd like to drill out there on a consistent basis by virtue of the Pennsylvania not having any pooling provisions available to us. So in regard to our EURs and what we anticipate in the future, we'll look at that at year-end and make that kind of a determination once we get to the end to look at what the average stages of our 2012 program has been.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And are your existing wells that are producing in the Marcellus, are they producing at the levels that you would optimally want them to produce, or are they being restrained by midstream?
Dan O. Dinges: No. We have seen little restraints because some of the production we have or capacity -- production capacity we have in some areas is being affected by the unscheduled maintenance that we've seen and some downtime we've seen on various compressions. So that does affect our production profile. If you look at and you cobble together the unexpected downtime and some of the issues we've seen out there, which we are -- we along with Williams continue to work through, it has affected probably year-to-date, somewhere north of 5 Bcf of production.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And that's essentially incremental production from here that might not be included in the 368 stages that are behind pipe or completing?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we're risking some of that production that's behind pipe or waiting on pipeline when it comes on, and we also put an element of risk in on the wells we drill with the anticipated number of stages that we have forecast. And we do that in case we lose a plug in the hole. We have mechanical issues periodically out there that we can't get to the end of the, say, the toe of the well, back to the toe of the well. And instead of wasting the time right now, we'll bring on a well and then we'll clean out at a later day once production gets worked down.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And lastly, just going back to the water constraints topic. In some downside scenario where you would face greater constraints, do the planned infrastructure additions that you see coming give you the ability to bring on the 368 stages that have already been completed or are completing? And I guess on the earlier question, just to make sure we understood, what does pure water storage give you in terms of how many incremental wells or stages you could frac overall?
Dan O. Dinges: Well-- and I'll let Steve answer the latter part of that. But in regard to the 374 stages that we have waiting on completion, we feel very comfortable that we're going to be able to get all those stages fracked.
Steven W. Lindeman: Right. And just in terms of our storage, what we're looking to do is to double our storage capacity at the withdrawal sites. So we'll have a significant amount of surplus of fluid available to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Aydin of KeyBanc.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: What is your production today from Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges: Let's see. I think it is -- it varies everyday, but it's plus or minus 650.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. The second question, the lateral on those 2 wells, the 8 million IP and the 16 million, what was the lateral on those wells in each?
Dan O. Dinges: They were both 15-stage frac wells.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And how -- what was the cost running on those wells?
Dan O. Dinges: The cost was right at $6 million.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Now of the -- you had about 368 stages completed waiting and about 374 to be drilled, completed. How many of those do you think you might do this year?
Dan O. Dinges: We think we'll do all of the 300 and -- well, we'll turn in line all of the 368 stages and we will frac all of the 374 stages. All those are part of our expected stages that we'll turn in line and bar [ph] '12, we're estimating that we would be plus or minus 1,100 stages total.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. Now with your takeaway capacity or takeaway of that coming about 1.5 Bs by year end, some operators are reducing activities in the Marcellus. Do you think you will have some access to additional takeaway capacity this year and next year because of other operator's decision to cut -- to reduce activities in the play?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we're going to still see -- I'm going to turn that over to Jeff in a second. But we're going to still see, as we continue to build the infrastructure out, we're going to still see areas that we are infrastructure-constrained just by nature of where the drilling and completing is going to be. We'll be able to bring some on, but we might not be able to bring them on at full volumes. And I'll let Jeff make a comment also.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Jack, you're exactly right to a certain degree that the reduction in activity is going to open up some capacity on the pipelines. But I think the bigger factor that we're experiencing right now is, with Cabot taking more gas, additional gas down to Transco and companies like Talisman moving a lot of their production off the Tennessee line up to Empire [ph], and you've got some other producers Range, and there's probably 6 or 7 other producers that are moving gas in different directions because of recent pipeline completions and enter service this fall. That's what really relieving the pressure and the capacity constraints on Tennessee 300 line right now.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Dan, one more question, and you might not answer it. But when are you going to talk about the new venture, if you add it in a couple of plays, your 25,000 acres or so and you're spending money. When we might know which -- where you are being active?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, Jack, I'd be disappointed if you didn't ask a question that I couldn't answer. We have -- one of the areas I think we will have data on this year that we will probably discuss, and another area maybe both those areas we would discuss, but it's not a guarantee.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Is it gassy, oily play?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That does it, okay. Now final questions. Do you do a mid-year reserve report or you don't?
Dan O. Dinges: No, we do not do a mid-year reserve report. Steve Lindeman is one who shepherds that, and he will start working on that til probably November, October time period to be prepared for year-end numbers.
Jack N. Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just based on the result of those wells, the EURs and everything, I mean it looks like 7.5, 11. Could you guess how high we could go in the EUR by year end?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, again, our data based on the Lower Marcellus is certainly adequate, and we're comfortable with the numbers that we have even all the way down to -- like Brian's question on the IP and booking per stage. But in regard to the Upper Marcellus, our data set is limited in the Upper Marcellus, and we'll continue to be cautious on our bookings in the Upper Marcellus until we see further data, but the data that we have seen, we're very comfortable with.
Operator: Next question comes from Michael Hall of Robert W. Baird.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just wanted to, I guess, dive into the 2012 CapEx increment with a little more granularity. On that increase, can you kind of outline what the specific drivers of it were. It seems like some of it's clearly leasing, but just wondering if you could walk through some of the moving pieces there?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, on the 2 new wells that we're adding in the Purcell JV, we're adding also a rig in the Marmaton, and that is a rig that we placed into the -- in the Panhandle of Texas that we're currently drilling. We have the Utica well that we're drilling with Range and Range is also permitting a second well up there in the Utica, which we've included in our numbers. And we have a -- with the success up in the Marmaton, our operator where we're not operator, they continue to have a fairly robust program up there. Those are the primary areas that we're allocating the additional capital. And we're keeping the 1 rig in the Marcellus that either way that was not going to affect our production. It was just going to be reducing our cash if we went down to 3 rigs, but we're going to keep a rig running from August to the end of the year that we had originally had planned on setting on the sidelines til January.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then I guess on the outlook for 2013, maybe could you just provide a little bit of a road map around the infrastructure and then given -- like you said, we continue to have, kind of, pockets of tightness. And how should we think about that for '13 relative to '12? Are the majority of those expected to be, let's say, debottlenecked by mid-year? Just some additional color there?
Dan O. Dinges: Okay, yes, now Jeff lives and and breathes this 24/7, so I'll let him answer that.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Michael, obviously, this is a process, and it doesn't stop at quarters and year ends. And we have permitted pipes out through '14 and '15 to try to design an infrastructure system out there that not only is safe and dependable, but also gives us flexibility and also increases our capacities to all the pipelines. So it is a work in progress. We do have some major compressor stations going to be completed early in the mid-year of '13. That's going to help us out quite a bit. Again, adding additional units to make sure that we have some backups, some spare capacity, that's obviously the goal. We also want to concentrate on lowering the fuel pressure throughout the system. And so as we grow the infrastructure, we will concentrate on trying to paint ideal conditions where wells have a better opportunity to produce at a 100% than they are at currently.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Will there be any sort of, let's say, lumpiness that you would highlight as we look at '13 on maybe a quarterly basis?
Dan O. Dinges: No, my expectation, Michael, as we've relayed to you that '13, we expect things to be -- to getting smoother in regard to what we can comfortably expect versus what we'll actually realize. The permits for our '13 program have been -- and all our location discussions with Williams has gone very well. Williams had submitted permits for the 2013 program, and we're 95% complete with that permit application for our '13 program. We'll have a little bit more spread and a little bit more capacity in not only existing areas, but we'll have some -- also some additional areas that we'll be able to move our gas through the existing pipe. So expectation is, it's not going to be lumpy. It would just be in the beginning of the year, we might hedge our bet a little bit like we have been this year. And the example would be -- a good example would be just the couple of wells that we brought on that were -- granted, very, very good wells. But if we would have brought the 2 wells at a -- each cumed over 1 Bcf, if we would have brought those on a month earlier as anticipated, along with some of the other wells that we brought on in July, it would've made a lot of difference in just what people look at as our second quarter numbers. So like Jeff said, it's not a quarter-to-quarter game with us right now. It's just a fluid, dynamic process that we are getting ahead of, and we're at the tail end of coordinating the passing the baton from Cabot to Williams on getting all these gathering lines in sync with where we have drilling rigs.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. That all makes sense. Appreciate the color. Just a couple more as you look to the end of '12, would you care to put any sort of exit rate assumption out there and then kind of what you feel like the backlog in terms of uncompleted and are waiting on something, let's say, looks like as you head into '13 in the Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges: We're still going to stick with our -- just our pretty wide range guidance right now on the exit rates. Certainly, as you can see with the number of stages that we had already completed, waiting to be turned in line and the activity that we have ongoing, it's fairly safe to say that we're going to have a robust exit volume, but we're not prepared to lay it out there.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of backlog, I mean, relative to the current backlog, waiting on pipeline and/or completion, do you think it will be pretty similar as you head into '13 or do you expect to work that down materially?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I would expect with us keeping that. As we mentioned before, we were going to get down to 3 rigs and going into January, we were still going to have a backlog of stages that rolled into '13. Now keeping that rig, our backlog is going to increase, and I would think that backlog will probably be between 350 and 400 stages.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just 2 more housekeeping ones on my end. Well costs, let's say, per area in the 2013 outlook, would you care to provide those? Give us the rig counts. Just curious what you're seeing on a well cost per area?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we're in the $6 million plus or minus range in the Marcellus. We're in the -- as we've mentioned, the $2.4 million -- or $2.9 million to $3.4 million in the Marmaton. We're in the $6.5 million to $7.2 million in the Eagle Ford. The Purcell wells are going to be right now because we're going to have some evaluation process going on. We're going to be $9.5 million to $10 million -- $10.2 million somewhere in that regard. The Utica well -- somebody help me with the -- the Utica well is going to be $7.5 million to $8 million, something of that nature. And that has science attached to it also with us coring and things like that.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then on the 2 wells that have cumed over 1 Bcf each, what would be the cume during the roughly 39-day or whatever, call it a 30-day period on your 11 Bcf type well?
Dan O. Dinges: Less than that. I don't have that number. Yes, I'm sorry, Michael. I don't have that number handy with me right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Portillo of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question to clarify on the CapEx side. I'm just working through the implied run rate into the back half of the year. And to get to the midpoint of the guidance range I'm seeing something around $250 million to $275 million per quarter. If I was to annualize that number into 2013 and then looking at the rig count allocation that you guys have, it would put me at something probably above the $1 billion in CapEx guidance. Can you just provide, I guess, any color around that and maybe what you may be spending incremental capital in the next 2 quarters that may not be there in 2013?
Scott C. Schroeder: Matt, this is Scott Schroeder. One of the things that Dan highlighted as part of the capital increase is a doubling of the lease ac. And the lease ac run rate for '12 is higher than the run rate has been. So that would contribute part of it. Again, what it's all going to boil down to for '13 is what we think the underlying commodity prices are for both commodities. We've given you a kind of a wide production range, but if you kind of look at the midpoint of that, what's your cash flow? We're going to target the cash flow. And if it ends up -- cash flow ends up being a little above $1 billion, we'll probably be a little above $1 billion, if it's below, we'll be below.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And just on that leasing side, is there a rough number you guys can provide us on the leasing for the full year?
Scott C. Schroeder: For '13, I would say it's probably back to the $50 million or less range for next year.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just, I wanted to clarify on the July production number, I think you said roughly 650 million a day, is that a gross number?
Scott C. Schroeder: That's a gross Marcellus number.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And how does that compare to June?
Scott C. Schroeder: That's probably about 30 million a day to 35 million, to 40 million a day higher than the June average. Actually than the second quarter average. Second quarter average is right around 615 gross for Marcellus.
Matthew Portillo - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just the final question for me. I just wanted to clarify on the production guidance for 2012. You are baking in some risked volumes given the issues around the drought or you're not baking in anything at this point?
Dan O. Dinges: No, we're -- the risked volumes that we bake in -- one, we have not included anything in the Utica. Two, we have very, very little production attached to our Purcell right now, and we feel fully comfortable that with the -- our plan in place and the securing of additional sites, we feel fully comfortable about getting our production volumes with the -- not only what we've already done, the wells we've already completed waiting on infrastructure, but also the amount of capacity we have to frac between now and the end of the year. Even if you had some drought conditions, we feel fully comfortable about being able -- matching our guidance. And we have not put -- added any risk profile to that because of those comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Meade of Johnson Rice.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Let's see, a couple of quick questions. First, on the Marmaton. Those look like-- at least the one well you guys talking about is really encouraging, and I'm curious what -- do you guys have a view on what drives the divergence between your wells that are really good and wells that are not as good? And do you think -- what are you doing to advance the ability to figure that out pre-drill?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the biggest factor geologically is the extent of fracturing in and around the well bore. And that is contributing to the differential and the delta. We are doing some things out there, for example, we're going to be drilling our first operated stand up 640, which will have longer laterals and more stages and certainly, we think, the possibility of intersecting additional fractures, but that's the overriding royalty why you have more delta in this particular area that you might in the other areas. And I'll let Matt make a brief comment attached to what he's seeing out there also.
James M. Reid: I think also with our longing programs that we have now, we are better able to identify our fracture systems and also a real key to our completions now are pack replacements. We identify fracture forms and are able to place our packers in more ideal position and better place our fracs.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: So you're just -- you're interpreting the open hole log on the whole horizontal section and deciding-- kind of just deciding where you're frac is going to be more closely spaced or something.
James M. Reid: Yes, that's part of it and also we've done some things to better isolate the individual stages between -- during the frac. And also, I think we've been able to identify some better areas where these individual fractures have formed and areas are.
Charles A. Meade - Johnson Rice & Company, L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And then one follow-up question, Dan, thanks for addressing that pricing issue in the Marcellus head on. But as far as what we should look to, am I right in thinking that it's really the Dominion Basis Swap that we should be paying attention to for your -- for the pricing that you're going to realize up there?
Dan O. Dinges: I'll let Jeff, fill that.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: No, not necessarily. Demand is kind of a weird situation. The Dominion index and Columbia Gas Transmission index, both very traditional Appalachian-type indexes. When we first got started up there, pretty much a lot of people traded off that Columbian index, that's no longer very applicable and so a lot of people turn to Dominion. But mostly people have turned to just plain old NYMEX-type pricing. And so on the fiscal side, we have, too. And so -- but when you take our existing term business and you look at the 3 different pipes that we're on, all 3 pipes trade different indexes. So what we've tried to do is just put them all in a bucket and kind of throw it out on a weighted-average basis. We're pretty darn close to last day NYMEX.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Stewart of Citi.
Joseph Stewart - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A follow-up question on the Marmaton there. So you're mentioning that the results are largely driven by the naturally occurring fractures. How many drilling locations have you currently identified there?
Dan O. Dinges: I'm going to let Matt fill that, and again, that was part of the reason why we added the extra rig in there is to identify a larger swath of our acreage and so the assumptions that you roll into that, if you had all of it available-- Matt, I'll let you fill in.
James M. Reid: If you look at these individual fracture forms and look at our positions on mid-quarter, as Dan said, we're down in Texas now and starting to look at a new area and also looking at some other areas as well. But I would say the locations are going to vary from between 400 and 500 gross locations.
Joseph Stewart - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So are those locations which appear to have the naturally occurring fractures?
James M. Reid: Well, as we say, we're investigating and looking at new areas down in Texas and some other areas in Oklahoma. But in the areas that we're in now, yes, they would have the natural occurring fractures, that's correct.
Dan O. Dinges: And Joe, just to comment on that, we have a lot of -- again because of our leasing, we have a lot of vertical wells and areas that have shown fractures in the past, but we have not done extensive -- nobody's done extensive horizontal drilling in some these new areas to determine the full extent of the fracturing. So that would be the risk profile you would assess against it.
Joseph Stewart - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then I apologize if I missed this, but given the 1.5 Bs per day that you're expecting to have by year end and then also just kind of looking at your Q2 volumes, if you held Q2 flat, you'd basically be at the low end of your guidance for the year. So should we maybe expect kind of an updated range or maybe even an increased range on the guidance by Q3? Or would you prefer to just kind of wait and maybe just hit the high end or beat it?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we've had discussion about our guidance and the width of the guidance that we have, 35% to 50% and we realize a fairly large truck can drive through that. But we felt that right now, staying consistent, not have a whole lot of moving parts in our guidance and just to continue to work through the delays that we've seen in the gathering lines. We thought that's prudent, and if we are successful in topping out our guidance, then that's great. But we certainly feel very comfortable that we're going to be within guidance.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bob Brackett of Bernstein.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Can you talk about what you learned from the Brown Dense well, and what it cost you to learn that?
Dan O. Dinges: The cost was the acreage cost of the 13,000-plus acres and the cost of the drilling, which we wrote-off as our dry hole cost, which was around $10 million. And right now, we're still, again, have learned that it's productive, continued capital being spent in the area by different operators and making an effort to determine how to make it economic up there and compete with the other plays that companies have to allocate capital on. So we're not -- again, because we write-off the well, we're not saying we're condemning the play.
Bob Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And do you think the poor results, I guess, implied in the write-off-- are they the result of a completion, or do you think it's the geology or some combination?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I think it's just the early stage of going into a virgin area to drill well when you have decisions on where you're going to place the well in the zone and what type of fracs you're going to place on it, how you're going to space those fracs and the well we drill, exploratory, again, in nature. We only had 10 stages applied to that. And it's gathering information that's going on not only in the Brown Dense, continuing gathering information in the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale. We did the same thing as we gathered information in every other play, the Eagle Ford, we're doing that now, in the Purcell. We did that in the Marcellus, and it's just a very early entry. Some play, some areas, the key to success is very obvious and upfront. In other plays, the key to success takes a whole lot more study and evaluation and technology to get there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Christensen of Buckingham Research Group.
Robert L. Christensen - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: On the ops report, my one question relates to the Eagle Ford. You say it's very early results in your down spacing program. When will we be more down spacing and when will we start to establish that the down spacing is working or not working on a very broad area of your acreage? When will we know some of that?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, that's a good question, Robert. And with -- obviously, we all need to be cautious without a big sample pool. But with that said, we are -- we have drilled 2 additional wells that are spaced 400 feet apart. And we have-- Matt's group has scheduled the frac to occur in the middle of August. So we will -- will do that and get another data point, but from the information we've seen on the 2 wells as we mentioned, the 30-day average is greater. In fact, one of the wells had been on about 110 days and one of the wells is still producing at 400 or so barrels a day. So that is pretty good data that says that-- a couple of things. One, that the spacing was not a big issue; and two, that the zipper frac we think, which was -- these were the first 2 wells we did the zipper frac, we think it probably had a positive effect overall on the proximity of each frac that we did and the results that we're seeing.
Robert L. Christensen - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: But my point is, I guess how many more down spacing tests will you run this year and next year? When will we start to be able to put a big circle around this and say it's broad, broad in nature, the success of down spacing as opposed to in a select area.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we can extrapolate a little bit now by the other wells we've drilled and the geology we've seen and consistency in the geology that we've seen in the other areas we've drilled. So we can extrapolate a little bit, but to specifically have a full-blown development program out there right now, we're not implementing a full-blown development program out there right now until we continue to see how the wells performed, all the wells perform, long-term. But again, in '13, I would expect towards the end of '13 that we would have a couple of more pad sites that would give as additional data points in additional areas that would continue to enhance our evaluation.
Robert L. Christensen - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: So perhaps by '14, we could rule it in on a broad-based basis or not? I mean, we just need more time, I understand.
Dan O. Dinges: No, I think that's very realistic.
Operator: The next question is a follow up from Biju Perincheril of Jefferies.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Going back to the discussion on price realization. Gas that you're flowing on the Tennessee line. Is that subject to the TGP zone 4 pricing? Or are you getting some other index on that?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: The answer is no. It's not -- we do not sell off that index.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if you -- if you wanted to flow additional gas on Tennessee today, would that then be subject to zone 4 pricing or...
Jeffrey W. Hutton: No, no, it would not.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the Springville expansion, is that still on target for August completion?
Steven W. Lindeman: Springville has a couple of phases to it. There are some units being commissioned as we speak. And so we don't have an exact date, but certainly, in the next short term.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And for that next phase coming on, how much capacity would that add?
Steven W. Lindeman: The next compressor will add approximately 100,000 a day of capacity and then the second phase of that will add approximately 200,000 a day of capacity.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And do you have timing for that 200 million (sic) [200,000] a day?
Steven W. Lindeman: We expect that kind of early fourth quarter.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then lastly, the 2 wells that you highlighted that produced over 1 Bcf a day, what was the lateral length and stages on that, and also the cost?
Dan O. Dinges: Let me grab that. The costs were, I think-- let me see what's the -- Steve, what do you have there...
Steven W. Lindeman: 17 stages.
Dan O. Dinges: Both of them?
Steven W. Lindeman: Yes.
Dan O. Dinges: Both of them are 17 stages. So the cost is probably about $6.5 million, something like that.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And those were in the central area?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from Michael Hall of Robert W. Baird.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just one quick one on the -- more of the macro environment. Just curious if you had any sense of industry backlog as it relates to kind of wells waiting on completion and/or pipeline in Northeastern PA?
Dan O. Dinges: No, Michael, I don't have a -- exact numbers or any better intelligence than some of what we all read out there. I know there's some wells that are drilled waiting on capacity buildout and that capacity buildout is down the road, but I do not have the exact count on those -- the number of wells.
Operator: Our next question is from John [indiscernible] Capital Partners.
Unknown Analyst: The early results in the Upper Marcellus look good but the lower is, obviously, still better. Kind of, how do you see that playing out once -- are you going to do enough that you've increased your knowledge and the certainty of that and then continue to drill the lower? How does that look going into 2013?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the drilling we're doing right now is predominantly in the lower. We plan on continuing drilling predominantly in the lower as we continue to gather data points, which we will drill some additional data points between now and through our '13 program in the Upper Marcellus. The plan would be to gather information, have the confidence, and then once we get to a more intense pad drilling, that we would augment some of that drilling with the reduced spacing that we've implemented in this particular area, similar to that pattern.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. So I guess the lower recoveries you would more than make up in the synergies of drilling from the pads?
Dan O. Dinges: Absolutely. We expect to have increased synergies in our pad drilling process. We just did not -- we're just not doing that right now.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. I appreciate it, Emily, and thanks for the attention for this quarter. As you can see, the program that we've laid out, we'll continue to follow it within what we think is a fairly robust production guidance process. There was comments in regard to our reserve bookings and at the end of the year, once we do that, we think we are also going to have a very robust reserve recognition at the end of the year. That's going to translate into, I think, a top-tier finding cost and certainly a very nice portfolio on the books by the end of the year. Stay tuned. We have more to come, and I look forward to visiting with you all through the third quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Jeffrey W. Hutton - Vice President of Marketing James M. Reid - Vice President and Manager of South Region
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Eli Kantor - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joseph Stewart - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division Marshall H. Carver - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO of Cabot Gas.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Shea. I appreciate it. And good morning, and thank you for joining us for this call. A couple of members with me on the management team, Scott Schroeder, CFO; Jeff Hutton, our VP of Marketing; Steve Lindeman, VP of Engineering and Technology; Matt Reid, our VP of Regional -- and Regional Manager; and Todd Liebl, our VP of Land and Business Development.  As you're aware, the standard forward-looking statements included in the press release do apply to my comments today. At this time, we have several things to cover and expand on the press releases that were issued last night. I'll cover the first quarter financial results, recent successes from our drill bit effort, followed by a discussion of our operations.  Now before I do go into the details of these topics, I'll start with a brief highlight of last night's release. Cabot grew production 58% over the comparable quarter last year, including a 55% growth in natural gas plus an impressive 138% growth in liquids. The growth figures include only a few days of the new production we recently brought online in the Marcellus coming from a 7-mile step-out to the east of our existing production. The wells have free flowed 70 million to 80 million-plus cubic foot per day since being turned in line. Also of note are increasing liquids production. It's continuing in both Oklahoma and Texas. Plus, we'll cover briefly the initial down-spacing success we had in our Buckhorn area of the Eagle Ford. And finally, we're excited to announce our exposure to the Utica liquids window of about 50,000 net acres. This potential will be tested with a well to spud this summer.  Let's move to financial results, and last night the company reported clean earnings of approximately $29 million driven by our significant production increase that did more than offset the weak natural gas prices.  On the production side, in terms of the significant uptick in production, the Marcellus, Eagle Ford, and to a little bit lesser extent, the Marmaton were the driving forces. One item to note is that the 2011 first quarter results include 2.5 Bcf of Rocky Mountain production, which we sold last year. The equivalent pro forma growth would be about 70% regardless that the quarter was a record breaker production-wise.  The first quarter production landed at the midpoint of guidance even with the shutdown of the Lathrop Compressor Station during the last days of the quarter. This event will not change our full year production guidance of 35% to 50% growth, which we reaffirmed last night. Our net exit rate for natural gas for the quarter was approximately 623 million cubic foot per day, while oil was 5,870 barrels per day. With the completion successes in April, some of which are provided in the operations release, April's net production has averaged 655 million cubic foot per day for gas and 6,500 barrels of oil per day, which provide the basis for modeling the second quarter.  For cost guidance, we updated other taxes to fully reflect the new impact fee in Pennsylvania. Additionally, we updated exploration expense and discussed pension expense.  Let's talk about our plans a little bit. The Cabot operation plan remains basically unchanged for 2012. We continue to focus our capital allocation towards our drilling in the Marcellus, and the remainder of our capital dollars are being allocated in the oil window of the Eagle Ford and into the Marmaton. Currently, we have 7 rigs operating in our plays between Pennsylvania, Texas and Oklahoma. We remain committed to balancing these efforts with our anticipated cash flow. However, as you might be aware of the forward curve lower than our February forecast, our plan does result in slightly more utilization of the revolver this year.  We have been asked the question a number of times, will we slow down or change our investment program? Really, my answer is this, that with the strength of the balance sheet and our objective to secure all our acreage in the best -- maybe the only return gas play in the country, and with the continued growth of our liquids production in Texas and Oklahoma, we plan to keep our operation program as budgeted.  And regarding hedging, the company did not add any hedges since our February call. Our existing hedges are on the website and represent 39% of midpoint guidance. We also have 7 contracts in 2013, 5 gas and 2 oil. We continue to look at potential for hedging a portion of our oil production as we increase that production strength, but we do not anticipate hedging gas at these levels.  Now let's move specifically into the operation area in the Marcellus. Our results in Susquehanna County continue to excel. Since our last call, we have achieved a new production record of 678 million cubic foot growth per day, which is over 70 million cubic foot per day greater than our last call. A review of our production history indicates we have produced over 250 Bcf from our Susquehanna area since first production 39 months ago. This translates into close to or over $1 billion in revenue and approximately $125 million paid in royalty. This is substantial evidence of the positive impact we're having on the local community up there and certainly the state of Pennsylvania. Cabot continues to operate 5 rigs in Susquehanna with our plan to reduce this count during the second half of the year by a couple of rigs.  In operations release last night, we highlighted a couple of key data points. Specifically of note was one 2-well pad site with a total of 40 stages completed, which yielded a combined 30-day average of 40 million cubic foot per day, a couple of pretty good wells. These 2 wells were slightly longer laterals than our average well and illustrated the efficiencies gained with longer laterals.  A second key data point, and I think most importantly, is our 5-well pad site on the east portion of our acreage. This is approximately 7 miles from current production. These 5 wells we completed a total of 92 stages, as highlighted last night. And it is worth repeating, these 5 wells have averaged about 78 million cubic foot per day over the last 20 days. The successful completion of these wells indicates our eastern acreage should be equally as productive as the central portion of our area, and certainly without question, de-risk another substantial portion of our acreage.  Another initiative underway in the Marcellus is our pilot program to determine the optimal well spacing and also to look at the Upper Marcellus. We recently completed 2 lateral wells spaced 500 feet and located between 2 existing wells that had a combined cumulative production of over 10 Bcf from the Lower Marcellus. One of the 500-foot space laterals was landed in the upper Marcellus, and the other was landed in the lower Marcellus. Both of these wells have been completed and are cleaning up very nicely. As these results come more available, we will share those results with you when we have those.  Currently, we have 238 stages completing, cleaning up or waiting to turn in line and an additional 333 stages waiting to be completed in the Marcellus. Our new completion crew continues to make progress with its efficiency. For March, this crew completed 107 stages, a new high for Cabot. Because of the efficiencies gained and the macro outlook for natural gas, we are no longer planning to bring a second crew in for 2012. In regard to our infrastructure up there, our plans continue on course at a consistent and steady pace.  During the first quarter, we reached a significant milestone with the start-up of the Zick [ph] compressor station. Although we are free-flowing and currently only utilizing the dehydration and measurement facilities, the station is operational. The compressors will be commissioned during June. Other stations, new pipelines, additional connections and upgrades to its existing facilities are continuing as planned. And we have indicated before, we intend to exit 2012 with approximately 1.5 Bcf takeaway capacity.  Also of note, I might mention that the Lathrop station is back at 100% with all 7 compressor units operating. In regard to the pricing up there in the Marcellus, let me give you a quick update. Everyone is aware of the weak commodity prices the industry is experiencing. In addition, we, as well as other Marcellus producers, have experienced some discounting to the historic Appalachia Surplus and Pricing Index. However, with the flexibility of our Springville line to Transco and the Laser system to Millennium, our pricing is flat to minus $0.03 to $0.05 below the Henry Hub. We expect that trend to continue in that range.  Now let's move to South Texas, into the oil window of the Eagle Ford and our Buckhorn area. The company has drilled a total of 30 wells. Each well is 100% working interest well located in Frio, La Salle and/or Atascosa County. 29 of these wells are oil production with one well waiting on completion and one well drilling. As we highlighted last night, our down-spacing test results in the Eagle Ford has indicated success based on the early test data coming from the 2 wells. These 2 wells were drilled with approximately 5,900-foot laterals at a spacing of 400 feet between the wells, which translates into approximately 55 acres per well. The test rates of each well had approximately 790 barrels of oil per day over 24-hour period are certainly encouraging. We plan to continue to monitor these wells with plans for additional down-spacing test later this year. Should be these results be implemented in our total development plan, we would have anywhere between 550 to 700 total potential locations just in Buckhorn.  Gross production from both Buckhorn and our Presidio [ph] area, which is a joint venture area with EOG, is approximately 9,800 barrels per day, with our net production from the Eagle Ford at 5,700 barrels per day. Cabot intends to drill or participate in 20 to 25 net Eagle Ford wells in 2012.  Now a brief statement in our Marmaton effort, which has a couple of pretty nice wells up there. Cabot has 6 operated wells on production with 2 wells completing and one well drilling. The latest 2 operated wells have provided very positive data points to continue to assess this play. The results were in last night's release. The most prolific well has a cumulative production of 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent in the first 50 days of production. That's about 87% oil. We will continue to drill with one operated rig in the area at this time and probably for the remainder of '12. In the Marmaton, our effort continues to identify the more highly fractured areas of the play with slightly over 69,000 net acres. That's our perspective for the Marmaton. We certainly have a lot of running room up there.  Shea, with that, I'll be more than happy to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to see if I could follow up on the comment in your -- that you said in your prepared remarks, that you were going delay bringing in a second frac crew. Does that have an impact on maybe pushing CapEx into more towards the bottom of your range for this year? Or do you still plan to complete -- and will you build a backlog as a result? Or do some of the efficiency gains you highlighted offset that?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we'll continue to have a backlog simply by the nature of drilling from pads and how the gathering lines are being hooked up to completed pads. We have a significant effort to get those gathering lines to those pads that have been completed, but that will continue to have a backlog. In regard to -- certainly, we're gaining the efficiencies from just the 24-hour crew implementation out there. We do not expect there to be a great deal of reduction in the CapEx because we're going to continue to -- because of the average stages per month, we're going to continue to complete as many stages as we had originally planned, even bringing another crew in for a period of 2012.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then do you anticipate drilling any additional step-out wells to kind of further gain confidence in area like this [ph]? Or do you feel like you have largely done that with the step-out wells that you announced to the east here?
Dan O. Dinges: We've had a lot of confidence probably certainly more than maybe some of the comments that we've heard. We've had a great deal of confidence in our acreage position. We are drilling wells in all areas of our acreage position. It's just the ability to get those wells hooked up. And flowing would be delayed somewhat just because of the distance from the compressor stations that we're putting in and the interstate pipeline. But we would gain the data from those particular wells by simply the drilling, which we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amir Arif from Stifel.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just 3 quick questions. Just first, on the Upper Marcellus zone test, the well that's cleaning up, do you have a sense of timing of when you'll have some numbers and confidence or color to provide on that?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. We've been flowing back. The wells, I would say, have cleaned up very nicely. We have -- and we'll provide color both on the micro-size work that we did and the offset wells and the monitoring there. That was positive to our thesis that the upper Marcellus is not being drained, the Lower Marcellus completions. We are flowing back those wells as we speak. And we anticipate us giving more color on that, I would say, within 45 to 60 days. But so far, so good.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the compressor does seem to be not affected by the Lower Marcellus from what you're seeing on the...
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. We're pleased with the pressures we saw.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then secondly, on the Eagle Ford, the 400-foot spacing, I mean, it's obviously going to increase the number of locations you have, as you mentioned. But I noticed the IP rates were also better. But was it just the frac? Or are you -- is it just longer laterals on the wells you did?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we're -- that's one of the data points that we're looking at on whether or not the proximity of the zipper frac we did enhanced the production from these wells or if we happen to be just landed in a better geologic position. That's something that we are going to monitor in these wells. And certainly, we're anxious to drill our next down-spaced wells to see if we have consistency in those results.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on the Marcellus production rate, I know you have 1.2 Bcf takeaway capacity at the end of the year. What kind of production are you estimating as the exit rate for the year for the Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges: On the infrastructure at the end of the year, we anticipate the takeaway capacity to be at the 1.5 Bcf per day level instead of the 1.2 Bcf. And as far as the -- well, we haven't yet on the exit rate, and at this stage, not prepared to. But our guidance is going to -- we're very, very comfortable with our guidance that we've given in between, the total year, the 35% to 50% production growth. We just haven't given the -- pinpointed the exit rate at this stage.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And then just one final question. One of your peers has talked about cost pressures coming down, capital efficiency improving. Do you see the similar impact just from service cost coming down as cash to exit is less or slow down?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we have.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you quantify that?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we are saying in our -- we have actually kind of expressed it earlier when we executed -- up in the Marcellus, when we executed our pumping service contract. We recognize at that point in time that the cost were certainly coming down. And in the Eagle Ford, we recognized the same thing, that the pumping services and some of the other services were coming down. Pumping services, percentage-wise, I think, a little bit greater than maybe the 5% to 15% in various other services.
Operator: The next question is from Eli Kantor of Jefferies & Company.
Eli Kantor - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: On the last call, you had mentioned that if gas prices remain at these levels, that you'd introduce the Marcellus rig count to 3 from 5. And from your comments this morning, it sounds like you plan on maintaining the 5-rig program. So I was just wondering why the reversal on thought process there.
Dan O. Dinges: No. I'm sorry, I didn't make myself clear. What I had mentioned is we are going to continue our capital program as we budgeted, and we have budgeted a reduction of the Marcellus rigs towards the middle part to latter part of the year by releasing a couple of rigs. And we are still on that program.
Eli Kantor - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So the current CapEx program assumes that you get down to 3 rigs by the end of the year?
Dan O. Dinges: That's correct.
Eli Kantor - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of Marcellus EURs, it looks like results, at least the ones that are published, are trending north of the 11 Bcf type curve. Can you just talk about how you think about EURs internally and whether or not we should expect a revision and what the size and timing of such a revision might be?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have seen, certainly, some very, very good wells out there. And the EURs, certainly, are north, in some cases, the 11 Bcf. It's dependent on the lateral length. And when you -- we're drilling our wells up there, and without cooperative or forced cooling, we're bound and restricted at times to the total lateral length of the wells that we can achieve. And with the lateral length being either extended or reduced, it takes spacing between 200, and say, 225-foot between each stage, how many effective stages we can pump. So our 11 Bcf well is indicative of what we look at as a 15- to 16-stage type well. In the cases where we are able to get extended laterals and more stages, I think we're seeing greater EURs. And certainly in the less stage areas where we're restricted because of the holdout on a mineral owner, then there is slightly less. And then you will always have areas that if you find just one of those good areas, that you can really get some significant wells.
Eli Kantor - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the Brown Dense, can you talk about your activity there for the initial completion? Where within the horizon you could place a lateral? What are your drilling plans for the balance of the year? And are you guys still within the plan?
Dan O. Dinges: Right now, as far as our drilling activity, we completed the well. And kind of footnote out there, this was our initial well in the area. It's certainly not many data points to go by and our initial well design as we go into each area without a lot of data. We purposely try to manage our exploratory dollars, and we did that in this particular well where we only drilled down about a 3,000-foot lateral. We anticipated only about 10 stages, which we -- that's what we completed at over a couple of hundred barrels per day completion on the very first test. That's not too bad, particularly if you extrapolate out with the added efficiencies in the future and more frac stages. We landed our well kind of in the middle of this section of the Brown Dense, and we didn't have any significant drilling problems. Right now, with the strip price of natural gas, we do not anticipate going out there and drilling additional wells. We'll continue to gather the data points with the other activity that's being conducted out there. And we're looking at and talking to folks about the acres out there, but we're not actively out there with a bunch of brokers leasing.
Operator: The next question comes from Pearce Hammond on Simmons & Company.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Dan, when will that Marmaton rig move down to the Eagle Ford? Is that still on track later this year?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have planned a lot of that -- not a lot of that, we plan on moving that rig down because there is -- some of our acreage is subject to the hunting season restrictions. And with the last well we drilled and some of the sites that we're doing up there, we elected to continue to drill a couple of more wells, which we've done a couple of the wells that we announced. They've been pretty good wells. We're still looking at the science that we're applying up there. And at this stage, we have -- we've decided that it would be beneficial to our program to continue to plan ahead, to continue to gather the data with the drilling information we're gathering and keep the rig up there at this time. Certainly good efficiencies, good returns with a 2 to 3 [ph] type million dollars wells, and seeing some pretty good results. So that's what we're going to continue right now. We have not made a final decision whether or not we're going to continue drilling up there all year or drill -- move the rig down into the Eagle Ford.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. And then moving to the Utica acreage, just a general overview. How do you feel about acreage like as far as the infrastructure is concerned? You're going to start your first well, you said, this summer, kind of plans beyond that for the rest of the year.
Dan O. Dinges: We haven't made any forward-looking plan up there for the remainder of the year. We are certainly excited of the data points that we have up there about where our position lies in regard to the volatile oil window. And we think we are in a good section. And the thickness, we think, is going to be fairly robust also. So we're looking forward to the test range. We'll operate the well with 50% and capital of 50% this summer. I'm sure we'll take the data. We'll communicate the exchanged thoughts on what we do moving forward and make that decision, but we haven't rolled out anything further on a development plan at this stage. The infrastructure is still going to need to come in and improve in the area. I'll let Jeff make a brief comment on that.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. Where this acreage lies is quite a bit of conventional gas, oil activity, and so there is numerous pipeline. However, they are probably not modestly sized. But there are some -- there is some activity of up there that -- where our infrastructure has already began. So we hope to kind of piggyback on that. And as we get closer, we'll probably give you more details.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Great. And then finally, Dan, just general thoughts overall in the Marcellus. Are you seeing a large drilled and uncompleted wells just kind of across the industry? And if so, is that due to limits on takeaway capacity or service constraints or just low prices?
Dan O. Dinges: I think there is certainly wells that are drilled and completed shut in and infrastructure buildout with the programs that are on the board is ongoing up there, and I'm sure that has a bearing on it. But it's also worthy of note that there has been a substantial number of rigs drilled [ph] in the Marcellus are being laid down. So as far as ongoing buildup of wells out there, I don't have the authority to get the count from all the operators, but I don't look at that as being a significant build of Marcellus. Well, I think there are quite a few peers, but I don't think there's just ongoing build of wells out there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hall of Robert W. Baird.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess just a couple of quick ones for me. In the Marmaton, apologies if you already laid it out, but what -- any sort of revised outlook on the location and inventory there on the acreage block at this point?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, at this stage, we have 69,000 net acres up there. What we're trying to do is identify the fracture stages out there. And I think one of our last fragmentation tests is 61,000 net acres. We've ramped that up. But I don't know, we think we have anywhere from 200 to 300, 400 depending on the spacing. It's a large range right now because we continue to gather data. Sorry, Mike, I can't be any more specific in that at this time.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It's okay. So I guess you need to some natural fracturing, so it's a function of kind of just getting the acreage. Do you have -- remind me, do you have seismic shot on it? Or is that how you're identifying the fractures or...
Dan O. Dinges: No. Well, we have -- we don't have 3D shot. We have -- we've gathered that 2D lines up there that are available, and we've got some reprocessing and things on the 2D lines. And there is certainly a lot of vertical well data points that we're trying to integrate into our reprocess side.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then the other one for me, just more big picture. Dan, you made a comment in the release that given the environment, looking to be opportunistic, should we read into that at all? I mean, have you changed in terms of your general approach to looking at the market, obviously wanting to maintain the optionality around the Marcellus, the core Marcellus asset? But are you looking to get more aggressive in some of these more emerging plays, with either leasing other sorts of acquisitions? Should I read into that comment at all? Or am I getting ahead of myself?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I think every company on the market is trying to find the next deal that will slot in above the returns that you're allocating -- the areas that you're allocating capital to and comparing the type of returns you get. And in our areas that we -- that all is aware of, we continue to try to capture the acreage in the Marcellus. And we have multi-year drilling programs and locations out in front of us in each of the areas that we're currently active and allocating capital: Marcellus, the Eagle Ford and the Marmaton. We also -- now with 50,000 net acres in the Utica area, that's going to be a substantial -- with success, is going to be a substantial area of future activity for us that we think would slot in, assuming we're in the liquids window there of a good return-type potential. And we're also drilling a well in an area we had talked about. So we continue to try to find those opportunities to add capital efficiency to our program. Unfortunately, even though the Marcellus is a wonderful gas play and probably one of the best gas plays in the U.S., with the gas strip where it is, it's just -- it's difficult. We still make a return up there. It's not yielding the return we would expect forever. We think we will show significant enhancements to the returns in the future. We think those returns will be helped by commodity price down the road, and everybody is trying to guess when that happens. We think we'll also see significant uptick in margin improvement at any commodity price once we get to pure pad development drilling from our operation up there. But as far as the read-through in what we're trying to do, we continue to try to enhance our capital efficiency. And frankly, if we had all our acreage secured in the Marcellus right now and held, I think we would allocate a significantly a greater portion to the liquids opportunities we have. And again, we have many, many, many years of liquids drilling in front of us, and we continue to grow in liquids we've been able to demonstrate with 138% growth just most recently.
Michael A. Hall - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: That's helpful and certainly very noteworthy in the increased inventory in the oil projects. I mean, along those lines, as you think about the second half, is there any thinking of potential around maybe bumping the capital spend in these areas as you start to have more and more in the way of kind of liquids- and oil-rich inventory to set up for a stronger liquids ramp in 2013? Or is it still too early to be thinking about it?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, no. It's necessarily not too early to think about that. We are already starting to kind of look at the horizon in anticipation of presenting our '13 budget to our board in October. And I would venture to say that we will have a larger component of liquids drilling in the '13 budget. But again, I'm not going to deemphasize the window we're in right now, and it is a finite window we're in. We continue to allocate capital to capture our Marcellus acreage, and that does have a squeeze on us a little bit right now. But at the end of the day, and looking at the amount of reserves that we are able to stack on our books through our Marcellus drilling and the growth, both in production and in just pure reserves on the books, in a couple of years, I think shareholders are going to recognize that the drilling that we implemented today is going to have a significant advantage if we have a little bit more balance between supply-demand phenomenon and the gas price.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Allman of JPMorgan.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dan, how much of the Susquehanna County do you think you've de-risked at this point?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I think we have de-risked probably 70-plus percent.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And have you written any part of Susquehanna County off based on any new information?
Dan O. Dinges: None.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the longer lateral wells, maybe you said this earlier, and I'm sorry if I didn't catch it, but what's the cost of those longer lateral wells?
Dan O. Dinges: We're in the upper $6 million range to low $7 million if we get to 20 stages.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then in the Marmaton, that one well that you -- was within your lease, I know you previously disclosed that in your presentation, what made that well so much better than the other wells?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, when you're going to -- when you find the natural fractured areas, and again that's part of our effort up there, I think we can see these type of wells. And that is our play concept, really, when we went up there in the first place. Our challenge we knew was going to be trying to identify the areas that had the significant fractures. And as we continue to drill and gather data and try to do as much science as we can in that regard, where we find good fractures and we find good efficient completions, we think we can repeat these type of wells. That is the poster child right now of the wells we drilled up there, but certainly, we have an expectation that it's not going to be the last.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then just in the Marmaton in general, do you think just getting those 700-barrel a day equivalent wells, is that fairly repeatable? Or is the challenge here a little bit more tricky than in, say, Susquehanna County and others?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, it's certainly going to be a little bit more challenging in Susquehanna. I think we have illustrated in Susquehanna that we have an area that has shown very consistent results. And the delta between a absolute great, great well to a well that is not as great is much, much narrower than any other play that frankly that I can think about. I don't care where you are, Bakken or Barnett or Permian area. But you have all kinds of deltas between good wells and not-as-good wells. But I do think that the 700-barrel type of well is certainly a well that we do anticipate we're going to be able to drill a lot more of. But certainly, we're not going to be able to predict those today with the database we have as effectively or with as much confidence as we would if we had another 50 wells drilled out there.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. And then just lastly on the Brown Dense, did you learn anything about a better place to lay the lateral or anything you would do different assuming you'll drill another well, I know you said you're not going to drill one this year, but when you do drill your next well?
Dan O. Dinges: I'll let Matt Reid to kind of answer that.
James M. Reid: Yes. We're still in the early stages around that, Joe. We're still looking at the data. We're looking at some of the pressure data and some of the other information we're gaining from the wells. We think that there's some highly core center wells within the Brown Dense, and we're trying to land our laterals in them. I think half our [indiscernible].
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And did you have data on the permeability before you drill this first well or...
James M. Reid: We did have some data on the Brown Dense permeability, some processes as well. There have been some additional straight wells drilled in there. And we did look at that data and some [indiscernible].
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: What was the frac pump rate that you've put on this one?
James M. Reid: The rate, we were pumping at 80 barrels per minute, about 8,000 PSI.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Stewart of Citi.
Joseph Stewart - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Dan, the 7-mile step-out wells, does that put you in -- is that Harford Township?
Dan O. Dinges: No. I think it's in Lennoxville.
Joseph Stewart - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: In Lennoxville. Okay. All right. And kind of following up on Joe's question about the de-risked acreage in Susquehanna County. When you say de-risk, does that kind of imply that you think approximately 70% of your acreage will produce results basically in line with your 2011 type curve assuming the same number of frac stages?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have -- certainly in the central portion where we drilled the majority of our well and we started our infrastructure, we feel very comfortable with the consistency yield that we're getting from these wells. And now as we move to the east with the step-out and the results from these wells, we feel good about that. We drilled and seen the information to the west. Even though we haven't drilled a lot of wells to the west, we feel very, very comfortable about that. On the northern fringe of our acreage where we've identified the -- where we're flowing into the Laser line, those particular wells, as they get a little bit shallower, slightly better, we think, are not going to be quite the 11 Bcf type wells that we see in the majority of the rest of our acreage. And we've recognized that as they maybe being 10% of that number.
Joseph Stewart - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. Okay. All right. Great. And then on the well cost question, you mentioned the longer lateral well cost. Keeping things kind of -- or making apples-to-apples comparison with 2011, would a 2011 well cost be about $6 million in 2012 though?
Dan O. Dinges: That's a good number to use.
Joseph Stewart - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. Okay. And then finally, on the Marmaton, given you had a little bit more production history on your belt now, any update to your thinking on potential EURs there?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. We think it's 150, 175, 200, 225, maybe, on the better wells, that kind of the range, a little bit wider range than we normally have because we've seen wider results.
Operator: The next question comes from Ray Deacon of Brean Murray.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your investment in this Constitution Pipeline and if that would be incremental to your current takeaway or not.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Good question, Ray. I'm going to let Jeff Hutton answer that.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. Yes. Constitution is after the hunting season, and it was established to be a 30-inch pipeline and a 121-mile fleet [ph]. Initial cost estimates are, I think Williams' press release just yesterday, around $750 million range. Our participation is at 25% as an owner, and so sometime between now and 2015, our investment will be about 25% of that.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Got it. Got it. And with the -- so would you just add the 1.2 -- I mean, 1.5 Bcf a day to that 600 million a day you gave there? Is that kind of the right way to look at it? Or...
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Well, 2 ways to look at it. One is that its a 30-inch pipe which is now designed for 650,000 a day of capacity in which Cabot has 500,000 a day of broad [ph] space on the pipeline. Down the road, if it's -- if it merits expansion, then certainly, the 30-inch pipe can be expanded to an excess of 1 Bcf a day of capacity. But right now, we're comfortable with the 500 million a day add, and yes, it is in addition to the current infrastructure plan on takeaway as a 1.5 Bcf.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Got it. Got it. Great. And I guess -- and maybe just to clarify one of the points you made in terms of resource per location kind of across the acreage. So I guess if you were to look at it per stage, just the 11 Bcf wells, so it's about 3/4 of a Bcf per frac stage and maybe to the north if it's 10% less than that. Is that -- based on what you know now, is that fair? Or do you want to see improvement in that?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I think as far as a number in there, I would say it's 7 to 8 Bcf -- I mean, 700,000 to 1 million on production from the wells, EUR, 3/4, that's probably in the ballpark. Also, on the north end of the acreage, on the -- again, the wells that we drilled up there, we think it's probably going to be more on the 5 and 7 Bcf type wells up there.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Got it. Got it. So that's in 15-stage frac type wells?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, correct, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marshall Carver of Capital One Southcoast.
Marshall H. Carver - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: Most of my questions have been answered. I did have a couple of final questions though. On the Marcellus, the wells that are at the Upper and Lower Marcellus test, as well as the ones that you're drilling, the down-spacing, so those 500 feet from the nearest current producers. How close are those -- is the upper well and the lower well from each other?
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Marshall, the 2 wells that have gained over 10 Bcf, they're slightly less than 2,000 feet completed in the Marcellus, the Lower Marcellus. We landed the one well right in between those 2 wells in the lower Marcellus, and then we landed the upper Marcellus well at about 500 foot -- or in between, say, the new well we drilled in one of the wells that has cleaned significant production.
Marshall H. Carver - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I got you. That makes sense. And then on the Brown Dense, you said you're not actively leasing. Is that because there's not much available near you, ?or is that a sign you're not very encouraged about what you're seeing so far?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, there had been a significant land play come through contemporaneous when we were kind of out there. And we picked up a position and felt like when we go into a play, we pick up acreage, and hopefully, we can get in there and make some determination earlier before there is a significant acreage play being made, first-mover type contract. But in this case, there was already a significant acreage play ongoing when we moved up there also. So it just limited and restricted the amount of acreage that we could block up in the area, and our preference is to block up -- so it reduced our additional leasing capacity. The play is still very, very young on results. It's got a large, large geographic footprint, and it's still very, very young with complex -- complexities that you see in every play. And once that data is gathered, we're still making the play as merit.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Dan Dinges for any closing remarks.
Dan O. Dinges: Thanks, Shea. I appreciate again everybody's interest in Cabot. Certainly, as I mentioned, we're going through this soft gas price, anybody's crystal ball, can look into the future and I think has a different date on when we might see additional support from the supply-demand equation. I think it's apparent that the industry is not going to allocate capital to dry gas with the strip that we see. So I think brighter days are ahead. But even though we are in this low gas price and not certainly generating the cash flows we'd all like to see, we are going to be putting significant reserves on our [indiscernible]. We'll have the opportunity to grow those reserves still with a return even at strip prices. So I think we are in a unique position as being looked at as a dry gas player, but at the same time, you are going to continue to see Cabot increase its liquids production. With its every spare dollar we have, we're going to put into the ground where we think we can find oil. So again, appreciate the interest and look forward to the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-15 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Burford - Vice President of Capital Markets and Planning Paul Korus - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Thomas E. Jorden - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Joseph R. Albi - Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
Analysts: Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is David, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings and Operations Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Mark Burford, you may begin your conference.
Mark Burford: Thank you, David, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today for our fourth quarter 2011 results conference call. We have issued our financial and operating results news release, and it's been posted to our website this morning. We also posted in our website a presentation that we will refer to from time to time during today's call. And I will also point out that we will be making forward-looking statements on this call, and I refer you to the end of our press release and our presentation regarding our statement regarding forward-looking statements. On today's call here in Denver, we have Tom Jorden, President and CEO; Joe Albi, EVP and COO; and Paul Korus, Senior Vice President and CFO. Paul will make some opening remarks around our financials, and then we'll turn the call over to Tom and Joe to go over the operations.
Paul Korus: Great stuff. Our earnings release detailed very positive results of operations for 2011 and a favorable outlook for 2012. Before turning the call over to Tom and Joe to describe these accomplishments and expectations, I'd like to briefly reiterate just a few financial highlights. First off, I need to mention ahead of our review of 2011 is challenged by the fact that it's often compared to our record results in 2010, a year in which we hit on all cylinders and set new highs for most measures. Not even Jeremy Lin scores more points each and every night. Still at 2011, we achieved even greater revenues in cash flow than we did in 2010. Our revenues reached nearly $1.8 billion versus $1.6 billion in 2010. Our cash flow from operating activities rose to $1.3 billion compared to $1.2 billion a year earlier.  Our earnings were also strong. Once again, we exceeded the $500 million mark. In 2011, net income totaled $530 million or $6.15 per share. That compares to $575 million or $6.70 per share in 2010, a year in which we had substantially larger hedging gains and non-recurring income from the early extinguishment of some debt. As this usually indicates, the prices we received for our production of oil, gas and natural gas liquids had the greatest impact of anything on our financial results. In 2011, price realizations for oil and natural gas liquids increased by more than 20%. On the other hand, gas prices were 10% lower. During the year, our production and revenue mix changed as we came more tilted towards liquids output versus natural gas. In 2011, about 50% of our production was gas, with 44% being oil and natural gas liquids. Combining with the effect of prices, however, roughly 70% of our revenues were derived from oil and natural gas liquids, with less than 30% coming from gas.  The shift in our production mix is no accident. It reflects the choices we make for capital investment. So even though we may not always deliver as robust overall growth rates as some would like to see, we continue to make good profits and are able to do so without levering up our balance sheet or issuing equity. We had good growth in our proved reserves during 2011 and have an equally active capital program plan for 2012. With quality cash flow at a very strong balance sheet, we have a lot of flexibility for how we fund our 2012 program.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas E. Jorden: Thank you, Paul. I'm going to be working off the presentation that's posted on our website. So if any of you have it up, I'll be starting with Slide 7. If you don't have it up, it's not really that important, but there are some figures in there that might help as I talk. In 2011, we invested a hair under $1.6 billion in exploration and development. We drilled 174 net wells, and as Paul said in this other release, we had extremely solid returns in our Permian and Cana programs. We grew our proved reserves to 2.05 Tcf equivalent, which is a record for us. Our Permian Mid-Continent reserves proved increased 26%, an all-time high of 2 Tcf equivalent. We added 587 Bcf equivalent from extensions and discoveries, and 45% of those adds were liquids, 55% gas. All in all, we replaced 272% of production. But the real story, and we'll get onto that as we give you a little detail, is our record 2011 Permian Basin and Mid-Continent production of 487 million cubic feet equivalent per day. Those 2 regions in aggregate showed a 16% production growth over 2010. Those are our engines of growth.  On Slide 8, it shows our core operating areas, now many of you are familiar with this but just to recap, of that 2.05 Tcf equivalent, 98% are Mid-Continent and Permian reserves, and fully 89% of our production are Mid-Continent and Permian. So those are the engines.  On Slide 9, it shows us graphically. Slide 9 shows our proved reserves as they've increased the last few years. We have a very solid reserve base. As Paul said, our investments have pulled us towards liquids-rich areas. That's in part tactical, a little strategic, but it's mostly driven by the invisible hand of the disconnect between gas and oil prices, and we are just in a very nice position with one of the best Permian assets amongst our peers, and we can emphasize that oil production by simply shifting our weight. As you can see in 2011, we ended the year 41% liquids; 59% gas, that's a nice healthy growth; compound annual growth rate of 54% of liquids growth, and we ended the year with 82% proved developed reserves, 18% proved undeveloped. The next slide, Slide 10, shows our proved reserves by region, and this again shows the solid growth that we're seeing out of the Permian and Mid-Continent. We've been growing the last few years, a compound annual growth rate of 28%. In 2010, we did sell our Riley Ridge asset in Sublette County, Wyoming. That was 210 Bcf of proved undeveloped gas reserves. That's the gray bar there on your slide on 10. We replaced those reserves, and accounting for that still increased our proved reserves 9%. If net of that sale, if we get back that sale out, we increased our proved reserves 23%. So a very solid year on a reserve basis.  Moving on to Slide 11, and now, we'll talk about 2012, which is really the story for us today. 2012, we're going to -- we're giving you a capital range and that's because that we're in a rapidly changing environment. We have a lot of flexibility for 2012, we have a tremendous opportunity set, but we're going to say here this morning what we said for years. We are going to adapt and change to a very changing environment. So one of the things you'll hear us talk about are plans with Cana and plans with the Permian, and those are fungible. Right now, as everybody in the industry, we're watching gas prices carefully, we're watching liquids prices carefully. Depending on local conditions, we may switch some capital from Cana to the Permian or not. I mean, right now, we're seeing outstanding returns in the Permian, and our Permian group is hungry for more capital.  Our reserve and production adds from 2012 drilling are expected to be 40% to 50% liquids. In the Permian Basin in 2012, we're currently at 11 rigs and we're planning on averaging somewhere between 11, peaking out at 15 to 16 rigs. In the Bone Spring, we'll get over 60 wells drilled. And our unconventional plays of the Wolfcamp and the Avalon, we have plans for 30 wells. And on our Paddock play, vertical wells, we have plans for 50 wells. So very, very active Permian program, and I'll give you a little more detail that here in a minute.  Our Mid-Continent program is expected to average between 10 and 12 rigs for the year, and that would be split between our Cana-Woodford, where we're infilling the core, and we'll drill approximately 110 gross wells there. And outside Cana, we'll have about 20 wells in the Mid-Continent. So very, very active program. As we sit today looking at the landscape, our program is generating very nice returns. As we talked about in the past, we stress test our investments. We're still at a point where we think looking out at today's landscape, we'll be at that $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion of 2012 investment. Moving on to Slide 12, this is just a little pie chart of that investment spectrum that compares 2011 with 2012. It shows that this year, we'll be approximately 94% of our total exploration development capital in the Mid-Continent and the Permian. And again, the Permian at 52% is showing $775 million of capital. I will say that our Permian region is, as I said a minute ago, is prepared to invest more if we choose to ask them to. Very nice returns. Moving on to Slide 13, and this is really the story for Cimarex here today and it's one I really want to bring attention to. Last couple of years, and I think a lot of people in the industry have looked at our Gulf Coast headwind and our production, and we're happy to say this morning that we feel that issue is fully behind us, that the underlying growth of the Permian Basin and the Mid-Continent assets has stepped up the plate and are really showing themselves the engines of growth that we've all known they would be. Over the last couple of years, we've increased our Permian Basin and Mid-Continent production at a compound annual growth rate of 19%. Our guidance this year, and Joe will give you detail, is between 4% and 10%. We have fully overcome that Gulf Coast headwind and we really look for significant growth, or the opportunity for significant growth, for many years to come. I use the word opportunity deliberately because we haven't changed our DNA. We are still about returns, and we believe that production growth is a very nice consequence of making good investment returns. That underlying Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast -- or excuse me, Mid-Continent and Permian program is generating very nice returns, and it's just affably making this Gulf Coast issue not worth talking about. We still will have a Gulf Coast program this year, but none of that is built into our guidance. And it -- and we're at the point where we're growing this program where it's no longer the relevant issue it's been in the past couple of years. Slide 14 is really a nice evidence of the Permian oil production and what it's done in the last couple of years through our very active horizontal drilling. Compound annual growth rate last couple of years of 24%, and year-over-year 2011, 2012, we're expecting 26% to 32% growth in our Permian liquids. So moving on to Slide 15, I just want to give you a little bit of color in our Permian program. You can read that slide to yourself, but the -- really, summary is that we're expecting to invest, I would say $775 million to $800 million of capital in the Permian Basin. We will drill 150 gross wells and that's multiple projects. We're in the Delaware Basin with multiple projects, so just as we value diversity throughout our overall investment portfolio, we have a fair degree of diversity in our Permian. And I'd like to give you a little color on that. Moving on to Slide 16, I want to talk for a minute about our Bone Spring/Avalon play. Our second Bone Spring play of Eddy and Lea County, I just kind of want to brag on our team for a minute. In our third quarter call, we talked quite a bit about the wrestling match we had internally with some of our technical challenges. And I want to just compliment our exploration group, our operating group for getting after it, figuring that issue out, and they came back roaring with an absolutely outstanding fourth quarter. And that we are a geoscience-driven outfit that focuses on being good at the business. And we like to talk about results and not hype. And certainly, our third quarter call, we were in the middle of a wrestling match on our own results. And today, we're happy to tell you that it really does look very, very nice as a result of the great work our teams did. We have some highlighted wells in our second and third Bone Spring play. We're not talking about particular well results, but I will tell you that we brought on several wells on the equivalent basis that are well over 1,000 barrels a day, the first 30-day average. Our release has our absolute program, 30-day IPs of 597 barrels of oil per day. And as we said, there are some really nice wells in that mix. It's generating outstanding returns, and we have a very, very nice inventory of opportunities there.  We've also had some just absolutely lights-out returns in our third Bone Spring play in Texas. That's a play that, of course, a lot of our competitors are drilling, and that's gotten a lot of attention, and rightly so. We have drilled a number of wells that have averaged well over 1,000 barrels a day for their first 30-day average. I know that some of our competitors have released some results in that play, and we would just say to you that we see it as they do and that is an outstanding play. We will have in that play, as we look at 2012, we'll have 3 rigs running and currently going to 4 rigs in that play, and that should be a very active investment for us for years to come. Moving on to Slide 17, just to kind of summarize that, if you look at our Bone Spring and Avalon play, we have significant future drilling. We're having very solid returns in that play, and the issues we discussed on our third quarter call, I will say, our actual to expected results are outstanding in the fourth quarter and moving into this year. That team has really dialed that in. We compete for our opportunity, that's why this issue is important to us. Although even at our -- the third quarter, our results were good, when we're going and competing for opportunity, good isn't good enough for us. We need to be able to predict our results and deliver what we predict. And they've really made some great, great strides in the fourth quarter. We're seeing that play, the second and third Bone Spring play in Eddy and Lea County between 400,000 and 600,000 barrels of oil equivalent per well. This year, we're currently at 5 rigs in the second Bone Spring play. We'll go to 7 rigs at the end of chicken season here by late spring. As I said in our third Bone Spring play in Texas, we're currently at 3 rigs, we'll go to 4 and then we'll have 1 or 2 rigs running in the Avalon. But let's move on. I'd like to talk about our Wolfcamp play. We've had some nice recent results in our Wolfcamp play. I am on Slide 18 for those of you that pulled our slide presentation down. We've had a really nice fourth quarter in the Wolfcamp play. We talked last year about some of our development being deferred because of the infrastructure. The slide there shows the trunk line, gathering line we had to build. We had to build roads, bridges, saltwater disposal. We had to put in a little processing facility. Our operations group did an outstanding job getting that online, it's just about complete now, and that allowed us to come in and complete some wells. As the results indicated on the slide there, in the fourth quarter of 2011, we completed 4 gross or 3.4 net wells. And of those wells, our first 30-day average, and this is an average, was 6.8 million cubic feet equivalent per day. And that's 38% gas, 31% natural gas liquids and 31% oil. So we're seeing that play, well over 50% liquids, just generating some outstanding results, our recent wells. As you can see from this map, we're still kind of sparsely sampling this area. So one of the things I would discourage anyone from doing is taking those fourth quarter results, dividing it by some acreage spacing and papering that area with it. But we're drilling our way to understand that. We are extremely encouraged with our recent results. I know there's been some press given to this Wolfcamp play in the Midland Basin. A lot of the people in the Midland Basin are really talking about the Wolfcamp being an outstanding play. I would just say we love this play based on our recent results. We see it as a significant part of our future going forward in 2012 and beyond, and we have an outstanding inventory. If you look at that 80,000-acre position, you have -- we don't know what the spacing is, but if it goes to 160-acre spacing, we've got 400 locations. If it goes to 80-acre spacing, we have over 800 locations. These wells are $8 million a copy. So this play alone is many, many years of drilling inventory at our current Permian Basin run rate. So again, it's a testament to our exploration operations group that built this play from scratch and we're very, very pleased with the results we have to report to you. I'd like to move on now -- before we go to the Mid-Continent region, I also want to tell you that we have drilled now a couple of Avalon wells in the oil window. We had talked about that play in the past. We're still in the process of evaluating that play. We know some of our peers are very excited about that play, and I will say that based on our recent wells, we're starting to share that excitement. We don't have yet 30 days of production on any one well. We have one well that's a few weeks of production, another well that's got a week of production. But I will share with you that our initial results are right in line with what the industry is seeing. That is a high-decline play, so those wells can and do come on in excess of 1,000 barrels equivalent per day. They do decline rapidly, but they do generate very nice returns at current costs. So we'll have the Avalon being a significant portion of our 2012 program. We'll have one rig running in the Avalon here through much of the year, and we're actually in pretty serious discussions about an 80-acre down-spacing project within the Avalon.  I'd like to move on, in the interest of time, to our Mid-Continent program, and again, I'm on Slide 19. Our Mid-Continent program, of course, is many different programs. We always talk about the Cana play, but I want to just say, again, we get asked a lot about new ventures. And one of our most active area of new ventures is in the Mid-Continent. We've added a lot of geological horsepower in the last year or 2, and we are working on some new concepts in the Anadarko Basin, which is a very multi-pay, rich basin. And I fully hope and expect in subsequent calls to be talking to you about new horizontal plays in our backyard in the Anadarko Basin.  And moving on to Slide 20, this is a little blowup of our Cana play. This is the area where we have 120,000 net acres. We've been transitioning into 2012. In 2011, we were testing the Cana D play. And that's the area, for those of you that are looking at the Slide 20, that's the area off to the West at about that 16,000-foot depth contour. And we had very good results, but not sufficient to really make a living at today's pricing. So we've moved back into the core and we're embarking on an infill project in the core, I'll give you a little more color there. But I think you would expect, as you look at 2012 for our Cana program to develop much greater capital efficiency. The returns in the core are very good even at today's market, and we've moved our activity for 2012 into the core. Slide 21 gives you a little bit of detail. On Slide 21, there is a stippled white row of sections there in the upper half of that slide. That's the area of the core in which we are currently infilling. We're going to 9 wells per section. We have 10 rigs currently running in that infill project and drilling 9 wells or the nominal spacing that people talked about there, a 64-acre spacing. That will be a significant contributor to our production this year, although as I'm sure Joe will talk about, because of the logistics of drilling all those wells side by side, there'll be some delay between when we drill and when we complete those wells. We're drilling those wells from pads. There's 2 wells per pad. They're costing us approximately $8 million per well, and we expect to deliver 6.5 to 8.5 Bcf equivalent per well ultimate production. So it's quite a project. There are a lot of infrastructure involved, a lot of planning, a lot of construction, but it really does look like a project that's potentially going to deliver outstanding returns to us even at today's market. So in summary, for the Cana-Woodford play, I'm on Slide 22, for fourth quarter 2011, our production there was 158 million cubic feet equivalent a day, which was a 59% increase over Q4 2010. We have significant unbooked potential on that core. We have over 730 net locations, 2,200 gross wells, a 4.5 Tcf equivalent of net resource potential. And as we represented in the past, we have $5 billion to $6 billion in future drilling capital and a large resource potential outside of our core. And we still are doing some science in that deep and hopefully, we can make that work. I want to end on the Gulf Coast. I'll use a poor analogy. The last 2009, 2010 were kind of binged exploration years in the Gulf Coast, and maybe you call 2011 a hangover year with that binge. We have that fully behind us now. We're still active in the Gulf Coast. We are in the process of acquiring, processing and evaluating at least 3, and possibly 4, 3D surveys. The one thing that we are committed to do is a little bit of planning in that program. We will very much endeavor to get that activity at a level that will space out and not give huge bowl of the swings on our production. But nonetheless, today's story is when you look at our underlying engines of Permian and Mid-Continent, that issue's behind us. I think you can look at Cimarex for what we are, a diversified company, great resource driller, healthy balance sheet and tremendous potential for returns that will, as a consequence, generate growth. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe Albi, our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.
Joseph R. Albi: Thank you, Tom, and thank you, all, for joining our call today. I'll summarize our Q4 and 2011 production, hit on our first quarter and full year 2012 production guidance, and then I'll follow-up with a few comments on our 2012 exploitation program and where we see service costs.  Starting first, I'm not certain of the number of the slides, but this is our Q4 and 2011 full year projection slide. We had a solid fourth quarter driven by Permian and the Mid-Continent. We reported average net daily equivalent production of 601.4 million a day. That was up 9.4 million a day from Q3, and it beat the midpoint of our guidance by approximately 1 million a day. We spent a lot of time talking about the Permian and the Mid-Continent, and once again, our production statistics reflect that. We set multiple new records in each one of the regions. Our Permian oil production of 19,123 barrels a day, it's a record. It's up 9% from Q3 and 24% from Q4 '10. Our Permian total liquids production of 22,889 barrels a day also set a record, up 7% from Q3 and 25% from last year. Our Mid-Continent gas production of 219 million a day set a record. We're up 4% from Q3 and 12% from Q4 '10. As did our Mid-Continent total liquids of 16,252 barrels a day, which was up 4% from Q3 and 24% from a year ago.  The driver in the Mid-Continent here was Cana, where record fourth quarter equivalent production of 158 million a day was up 13% from the third quarter and a strong 59% from Q4 '10. So as a result, we set record marks for our equivalent production, both the Permian and the Mid-Continent, with our Mid-Continent equivalent production of 309 million a day, up 17% from a year ago, and our Permian equivalent production of 215 million a day, up 18% from a year ago. So combined, the fourth quarter Permian and Mid-Continent production level of 531 million a day was up 17% over the last 12 months. So we close the books with our 2011 production coming in at 592 million a day. That's right at the midpoint we provided last call and virtually flat to 2010 after accounting for property sales. But as we mentioned last call, on the surface, we may be flat to 2010, but underneath the hood, our Permian and Mid-Continent production grew at 16% and offset the 70 million a day year-over-year drop that we saw on the Gulf Coast. Hitting on production, Q4 production by region, you can see that our Permian and Mid-Continent production has now grown to the point where the 2 regions make up the lion's share of our production, quite evident when looking at the geographic split of our Q4 production. Combined, the Permian and Mid-Continent now make up 88% of our total liquids and 89% of our gas. On an equivalent basis, the regions now represent 88% of our total company production, with the Permian accounting for 70% of our oil and 51% of our liquids, and the Mid-Continent accounting for 65% of our gas and 37% of our liquids. Looking forward into 2012 with our guidance, as Tom mentioned, we truly see 2012 to be the year that we get the headwind of our Gulf Coast production declines behind us. Our current guidance model calls for continued strong production growth in the Permian and the Mid-Continent, with little or no new well contribution from the Gulf Coast in our models. As a result, we project the Permian and the Mid-Continent to grow at a combined rate of 19% to 25%, with the Gulf Coast projected to just make up less than 6% of our 2012 production. With our emphasis on the Permian and the Mid-Continent, we anticipate continued liquids growth from the 2 regions, with combined oil volumes anticipated to grow at 20% to 27% and combined NGL volumes forecasted to grow at 37% to 44%. And as a result, as we've mentioned earlier in the call, we project our 2012 total company liquid percentage to come in at 46%. 2012, that's a 2-point increase over our 2011 level of 44%. Timing-wise, as Tom mentioned, with production from our Cana infill project expected to come on in late Q2, we're forecasting modest production growth during Q1 and Q2, with accelerated growth projected in the last half of the year. As such, our Q1 guidance fell at the level of -- fell in at the level of 595 million to 615 million a day, and our full year projection came in at 615 million to 650 million a day. I might mention, it's part of that infill project to lever it a little bit. We're drilling these wells in the Cana infill area and we're waiting to frac them until we have a number of them drilled for a variety of reasons. And to give you an idea of what would be waiting on completion as the result of that infill project, we're anticipating that there'd be 15 wells during the May to July time period that are on our frac schedule that are associated with that program. So normally, they would've been completed in a much more accelerated manner, and as a result of our planned scheduling, they'll transpire later in Q2 as far as the completions are concerned. Shifting gears to our production group focus and the operations group in general, the group put forth another solid year for us in 2011, with a strong focus on the base properties. We did a great job optimizing production and maximizing net operating income, all the while putting $65 million of net exploitation capital to work, performing over 375 projects. The majority of our exploitation capital went towards recompletion activity in the Permian and the Mid-Continent, numerous saltwater disposal projects, primarily in the Permian, and infill or replacement well drilling activity in the Permian and in South Texas. The remainder of the capital was directed to a variety of workover, lift and facility projects throughout our operating and nonoperating areas. And overall, the group just did a nice job of optimizing production and net operating income during the year, all the while putting our exploitation capital to work wisely. For 2012, our production operations team will remain focused really on 4 simple objectives: Maximizing our net operating income with an emphasis on LOE reduction through saltwater disposal; ensuring takeaway capacity in our core plays by constructing infrastructure as needed, Tom elaborated a little bit on what we've already done in the Permian there; thirdly, effectively deploying our exploitation capital; and then as we strive for each and every year, maintaining our focus to improve our operating capabilities in the field.  With our year-end planning process, our production operations group put together another solid inventory of exploitation projects for 2012. We've identified over 400 projects with more than $80 million of associated capital. The inventory was cold and high-graded, resulting in our targeted 2012 capitalized budget of $60 million to $75 million with more than 300 associated projects. Our 2012 focus in the Permian is simply SWD, with the remainder of our workover recompletion, lift and infill drilling activity staying fairly consistent with what we've done over the past years. Looking at our OpEx, with Q4 lifting costs coming in at $1.18 an Mcfe, we finished the year with an average lifting cost of $1.14. That's about at the midpoint of our 2011 guidance, which was $1.02 or $1.22. As compared to 2010, we saw a considerable cost pressure in virtually all cost components on the LOE side during 2011, but especially the aggregate cost to dispose of produced load water from our new wells. With our focus on SWD projects in 2012, our 2012 lifting cost guidance range of $1.05 to $1.25 is simply just built around the midpoint -- a midpoint equating to our average lifting cost over the last 3 quarters. On the service cost side, completion costs continue to play a vital role in our total well cost. Completion costs now make up approximately 50% of our total well cost for our horizontal well. As we've mentioned before, we've seen frac cost go up significantly over the last year. That's a result of both the design changes and service cost increases, especially in the Permian. As compared to 2010, our total company average frac cost was up 20% in 2011, with Cana up an average of 8% and the Permian up over 40%. That said, we are seeing relief in service cost, particularly in the Permian, and we'll continue to alter our frac designs where we can to help control these costs. On the drilling side, with continuing efficiencies and with market costs appearing to be somewhat flat over the last quarter, we've done a good job of funding the completion cost increases that we've seen to keep our total well costs somewhat in check. With good focus on program efficiencies, especially in our infill program, our Cana core wells are still running about $8 million. That's basically flat to the levels we saw a year ago. Our Permian Paddock and Blinebry vertical AFEs, they've crept up a smidge. They're running right now about $2.2 million to $2.4 million. That's up 15% to 25% from Q1 '11, and primarily the result of increased frac and facility costs as compared to last year.  With the drilling of slightly deeper wells and changes on our frac design in our New Mexico section, the third Bone Spring program, those wells are running around $5.8 million to $6.3 million. That's up from levels of $4.8 million to $5.2 million that we saw at early 2011. We've made great strides in our West Texas third Bone Spring wells with stimulation design changes. We've trimmed those AFEs to levels of $7.5 million to $8.5 million. That's down considerably from the $8.8 million to $9.2 million levels that we saw in early 2011. And as we continue to develop and refine our Wolfcamp shale play, especially on the completion design side, our current AFEs are running around $8 million to $8.5 million. That's up from the $6.5 million to $7.5 million that we quoted last year. So as we move forward, our operations and exploration groups are obviously going to continue to work together to improve the efficiencies, take it to the next level, work on drilling design and completion design where we can, and ultimately, just like to keep these well costs in check. In all, with the momentum of a great quarter behind us, we're really looking forward on this and to making 2012 really our year for the Permian and the Mid-Continent. So with that, operator, I think we'd like to turn the call over to any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Lively with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: The -- in the past year -- excuse me, your decision to spend relative to your cash flow levels -- sorry, you really haven't had a policy of not outspending cash flows, but if I look at 2012, it appears that you guys are kind of pulling a little bit harder on the outspend. And I'm just wondering, you certainly have the liquidity to fund that. But just what gives you guys confidence, as you look forward, in terms of why to outspend? Is it confidence in your inventory? Is it just cheap cost of debt, desire to bring forward the inventory? If you could provide some more color on that, that would be helpful.
Paul Korus: Hi, Brian, Tom is pointing to me to answer your question. At 2011, we had the opportunity to sell some assets that didn't have a long-term future for us. So we were able to fund the 2011 program with cash flow and property sales. We came into the year with, also with $100 million of cash. And as we move into 2012, we look at our opportunity set as providing very good returns in the price environment in which we find ourselves, as constructed as well. I mean we could clearly spend much more on gas-oriented projects if all we wanted to do is grow our volumes faster. But we remain very conscious about returns. So our returns are good. If we feel very comfortable continuing with the level of activity into 2012 that we finished 2011 with, we don't know what cash flow is going to be. We all have price forecasts. None of us are likely to be right. So we'll see what happens as the year unfolds. With the current sentiment -- well, at current prices and current negative sentiment on gas, if we use forward curve or your price forecast or anyone else's, we would come up short of our planned capital program. But we have -- this is why you have big credit facilities in place. And it's why you want to always maintain access to capital markets, in our case, particular, maybe debt capital markets. So we're very confident with what we're doing. Our policy has never really been to stay within cash flow. That has been our history, but not necessarily our policy. Our policy has been to fund good ideas that we could execute on effectively and efficiently, and that's essentially what our 2012 program is.
Thomas E. Jorden: Brian, this is Tom. I do want to touch on that, and that's a great question. I will tell you that we debate that every day around here, what should our proper level of activity been -- be and have been. We -- as we look into 2012, it's really obviously all about Permian and Cana. And those are 2 different issues. Cana, we embarked on this infill project last fall and we had at regular roll. We moved 10 rigs in, in a line, and we had some decisions to make. When we first started, we said, well, let's commit to absolutely infill 3 sections, and we had 7 lined up, ready to go. And one of the nice things about our program is we have some flexibility. Of our rigs, we only have a few that are under any term contract and they all go away this year. So we would have and do have the flexibility to ramp that program down and kind of decelerate slowly. So we're still -- the guidance range of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion, some of that involves, hey, what if we slowed down a little at Cana, and we're debating that. Right now, looking at the markets -- and we run those sensitivities aggressively. We've run sensitivities at a horrible gas price, ethane rejection, I mean you name it, we run it. We think that program generates really nice returns today, and that's a testament to Cana. And then the other issue is the Permian. The Permian is just lights out. There's no question that that is generating outstanding returns at today's cost and today's pricing environment. We have the opportunity and we like activity. We are a high-volume outfit. We always have been. And one of the reasons we like activity is guess what? When we're active, we generate more opportunity. We have an active year, we look up and we have more years of inventory than we did when we started because our generating teams, through their own activity, find more things to do. So we have kind of given Cana the mandate of you know what, we're going to go forward and kind of steady as she goes, and we have some flexibility there. Permian, we said, get her done. Those returns are great. As Paul said, that's why that balance sheet is there, and we're very, very pleased with the returns we have going into 2012.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Well Tom, I tell you, I'm a fan of activity as well. It seems like over the last -- since last quarter, that is, the confidence in the Permian has really improved. I mean you talked a lot about it in the call. But it seems like the readthrough on that is that you're just more comfortable with the overall inventory and portfolio in the Permian. And so, I know you just gave 2012 out, but does that reflect then that your view is you have the inventory now in place to really have that high sustainable liquids growth over a longer duration, more so than just the 2012?
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I think that's absolutely true. Now we don't like to issue 5-year plans. We've never seen any that's ever worth the paper they're printed on. And of course, prices, costs, I mean, I'm giving you all the standard disclaimers here, but we have multiple years of inventory. Our second, third Bone Spring play, this is our best play, has currently 3 to 4 years at our current run rate. If we never generate another idea and we had our only current land on that play alone, we have 3 to 4 years of run rate at our current drilling pace. And we're -- it's our most active lease play. We're continuing to generate activity aggressively through additional leasing. And then, of course, at Wolfcamp -- and we own -- Wolfcamp is still early. I mean my enthusiasm is because that's what I'm paid to do. I believe in our staff and I believe in our internally generated ideas and I've always liked talking about good results. But we're going to see. If that looks like what it's evolving into, that in and of itself is many, many years of drilling and it's very liquids-rich. So the Permian is a sustainable business for us. It's not something where it's a -- we're not having a going out of business sale with high activity in the Permian. It's sustainable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gil Yang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Your proved developed proportion of reserves went up. Is that just from the sale of Riley Ridge, which is a PUD?
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: There was nothing really else going on?
Thomas E. Jorden: No, absolutely not. And everybody has their own philosophy. We try to give a lot of transparency to our assets, and we think we've got lots of things to do for many years to come.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. Can you talk about -- you''ve talked a couple of times about reconsidering the capital allocation between Cana and Permian. Can you talk about the contractual obligations for rigs and other equipment services that would either allow you to do that or prevent you from doing that or create sort of timing issues surrounding that?
Joseph R. Albi: Gil, this is Joe Albi. As Tom mentioned, our rig commitments are really far and few. There are 4 rigs that we've got some type of commitment to with Cana. Those all edge off by the -- or fall off at the end of the year. And everywhere else, it's well to well. So I hope that gives you an idea of what we're contractually obligated to do there. On the service cost side, the only other type of commitment we have is for one of our frac services providers, and we've got about another year left on it. It's kind of one of these deals that we've committed to some capital level of expenditure, and if we don't meet that every month, that we can move that into the next month. So it doesn't really force us to do anything.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: If -- to keep that one crew busy, how many rigs would you need to run?
Joseph R. Albi: Well, right now, we've just got one frac crew working in Cana.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. And that's the one that's under that obligation?
Joseph R. Albi: That is correct.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But how many rigs would you need to run to keep that crew busy?
Joseph R. Albi: Oh well, they'll knock off maybe one a week. So you get 4 completions a month out of them.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. But I just -- I'd chime in, when we made that commitment, that's a crew that we could -- it's a [indiscernible] the Permian. So that's not it. We don't view that as a -- that would not be a factor in any decision we made.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got you. Okay. I think, Joe, you mentioned that the waiting on completion backlog should rise about 15 by the middle of the year. Will it stay 15 or will it go down, or how does it go once it gets to that 15?
Joseph R. Albi: No, that was just Cana. And if you bear with me a second, I can give you a better idea for that. I think total company, we should be upwards near 25-plus. And then, of course, we'll whittle that down as the infill project matures.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, we're -- again, we have some complete flexibility and it's driving our team crazy. Because our flexibility has keep those 10 rigs running, infill all 7 sections and then go to another row that we have ready to go. So we could just keep infilling Cana until the cows come home here for years to come. But we do have flexibility. We're watching these markets like everybody else is. And we're going to react depending on what the gas and natural gas liquids price dictate. We're not going to destroy capital to keep rigs busy.
Joseph R. Albi: And if we get backlog like we did before, we'll just pawn some additional frac crews. So part of the science of the infill is the completion and understanding how to frac in those wells not just individually, but multiple wells.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So what you're saying is that, that backlog rises or falls based on what your -- whether now you step on the gas in the Cana or not from the current plan, right?
Joseph R. Albi: I'd say that's a safe assessment.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, Gil, you know us. I mean we're going to do what makes sense to us, and I hope everybody hears that loud and clear, that these plans we're reporting are great, but we're -- our only commitment to the shareholders is we're going to make what we think are best decisions for long-term interest of the shareholders.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And the last question is just can you talk about how we should think about the Gulf Coast in terms of -- I know that there's no Gulf Coast growing success in the current guidance. Can you give us some sense as the timing of when the seismic is going to be done, when the inventory will be in place, when you start drilling and how we should think about this potential success rates of those first wells and the new seismic shoot?
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, Gil, this is Tom. I -- we tell you that we have a lot of new data coming in and it'll be second half this year before we even have the opportunity to talk about any kind of go-forward in inventory. So I think we've done exactly the right thing, and that's we haven't guided any Gulf Coast production. So we'll know when we get that in, what happens. And I would expect we're going to have inventory, I would be surprised if we didn't. But one of the things that we're going to try to do is space it out a little bit. I mean, we -- I mentioned binge exploration. We've always kind of been a; let's-get-it-done-as-soon-as-possible outfit, and not that we're changing our stripes there, but we're going to try -- I like the fact that we're having a few programs come in that will give us the option to kind of, assuming we have the kind of inventory we're planning, we don't have to get them done all along. So we can space that out, so it will be more manageable in terms of production. But that said, I think I'll just -- you're being horribly redundant. I mean the thing that we're all kind of excited about is we see this permanent Mid-Continent growth kind of makes this issue, to us, kind of irrelevant in terms of the kind of lower print that may have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Robertson with Barclays Capital.
Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: You all are talking about 19% to 25% production growth in the Permian and Mid-Continent in 2012 over '11 and drilling essentially the same number of net wells at roughly 165 in '12 and 164 last. You mentioned operational efficiency several times in your all's comments in different plays. Can you just talk about how much of that higher production growth rate on the same well account do you think you pick up from operational efficiencies versus maybe drilling different targets than you were in 2011?
Joseph R. Albi: Well, this is Joe. Built into all this, when we look at 2010 to '11 and '11 to '12, there are some timing issues that come into play. In particular from '10 to '11, if you remember, we had a huge backlog of completions in the Permian. I think we got up as high as 30 wells waiting on frac by the middle of the year. And then, of course, we pushed that hard at the end of the year. So when you -- those production results occur at the end of the year and then averaged out over the full year,are a number. I would answer this question, and Tom, chime in too, that the types of wells that we're drilling, the targets that we're drilling, the IPs that we're seeing, we're seeing some better results in the Permian. Cana is coming in as expected. It's more of a timing issue on when we anticipate the wells will be drilled and completed, and then, of course, coming online. I mentioned in my section of the call that we were, I guess, tail end loaded with accelerated production growth in 2012. Our current model is saying that maybe our exit rate, midyear, might be 6 and a quarter, 625 million a day, and with that growing hopefully to levels over 650 million a day-plus at the end of the year. So that gives you a feel for how it's hitting our model as far as it being our equivalent production estimates. I don't know if that helps you out at all, trying to understand how we've modeled it. I wouldn't say it's the type of well that we're drilling other than we are drilling some better wells in the Bone Spring area, the capital efficiency that comes into play, in particular in Cana, where we've kept our well costs in check, and we're going to optimize our drilling and completion dollars, especially the completion dollars, trying to figure out what kind of bang for the buck are we getting on our fracs to try and keep that in line.
Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Joe, the part of that, just going back into the core of Cana instead of doing more of the step-out drilling and getting more out of the rigs that you're working with?
Joseph R. Albi: Well, I think most of it's associated with pad drilling. You put 2 wells on each pad, we're consolidating services where we can, we're consolidating equipment where we can. You've got reduced move[ph] charges because you're not moving[ph] from well to well. Our facility costs are lower. We've utilized biofuel on 6 of our rigs. That's knocking off about $300,000 a month of our drilling and completion costs with 6 rigs on biofuel. So there's a number of things that we're doing there that program drilling really allows us to do and take full advantage of.
Thomas E. Jorden: Jeff, one thing that we talk about, everybody in the industry's aware of this, when you go to a more liquids-rich program, it doesn't necessarily show up in an Mcf equivalent rate, but it sure shows up on returns. And when we look at Cana core, our -- we haven't talked a lot about Cana deep results, but we have good results. I mean we had, on average, with 19 wells we drilled, 15 of them operated that are currently on line, we were averaging 4 to 5 million cubic feet a day held flat on a slowback for 3 months or more. We're slowbacking those wells, choking them back to try to manage that downhaul reservoir pressure. So they were very, very nice wells. The problem with it is that it's methane. There's almost no liquids uplift there. So as we go to the core, we're seeing kind of comparable rates, but we're also seeing yields of anywhere from 10 to 35 barrels of condensate per million, condensate that is trucked off as oil, and then anywhere from 86 to 111 barrels of natural gas liquids per million. So the rates on an Mcfe basis don't necessarily show the difference in the return. And so it's much more capital-efficient.
Joseph R. Albi: But that really surfaces -- this is Joe, that really surfaces in the Permian program, too. We're directing more capital into an oil and liquids-rich area down there, and it's the same deal. An Mcfe in the Permian is not like an Mcfe in a dry gas area.
Jeffrey W. Robertson - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then last question, on your -- do you have any material acreage dollars in the 2012, $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion capital number?
Thomas E. Jorden: We do. I will say, in 2011, for us, we spent a lot of money on acreage. We spent actually about $189 million on acreage in 2011. And that's, for us, at 15% of capital or a little less than that. That's a pretty aggressive year for acreage. We would like to do that or close to that this year. Mark's looking at the numbers. What do you have modeling?
Mark Burford: It's about $140 million for this year.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. And so what will happen there, a lot of that 2011 was our pushing to Cana deep. We spent a lot of money putting the Cana deep position together. We would like to see a very aggressive acreage year, Mark's carrying $140 million, and I would say, I would expect the lion's share of that to be Permian and other new ventures. And new ventures could be Anadarko Basin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions for you. In the Permian, can you talk a little bit more about what changed in the Bone Springs wells that you've been drilling relative to the 3Q call and the results that you've seen?
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, yes, this is Tom, mister dour from the Q3 call. The thing that I -- Chris, we never get a do-over in life. But one of the things I will say is even in the Q3 call, our returns in our Permian were very good. And I probably should have stressed that a little more. It was our actual results to our expected results. And so what changed is our teams really tore into that. We did a lot of petrophysical work, some geochemical work, and identified some more subtle trends that we had -- kind of we've been kind of drilling our way into and we really tore the wells apart, built some water saturation models. The operations group did a great job of getting some saltwater disposal in place that will allow us to make money moving this water instead of hauling it and really drilled some nice wells. We are not here today talking about individual wells, but I will say, we did drill some wells in the fourth quarter that averaged, for first 30 days, averaged over 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And that's through that science, we moved into some areas that we think are just better. So that said, we upsized our fracs. We had some nice results in the Wolfcamp once we completed our wells. So there were so material changes in our program. I mean we're always focused on getting better at the business, and in the third quarter, you kind of caught us in the middle of it. And I will say, today, we are better at the business.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's great. And if we look at the Permian overall, I know you talked about the line that you installed there down the Culberson County. From an infrastructure point of view, do you see any potential bottlenecks on the system anywhere in the basin? And if so, what regions do you think are going to be tightest, both for you, and I guess, for industry in general?
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe, Ryan. We've put in about -- I think at the end of the year we had over 67 miles of infrastructure, mostly pipeline in place in the Permian. Our goal was simply to control our infrastructure, obviously, and give us some market optionality. We're worried about takeaway capacity on the Permian as I know all of our competitors are. We've put in our own tap into an El Paso line that we will be JTing our own production. That gives us a little bit of a reservation, if you -- capacity, if you want to call it that. And we're also working with the likes of, I won't name names, but other processors to understand what they have coming around the corner in the area and what capacities they currently have to try to ensure to the degree that we can that our volumes are moving. We see the El Paso tap as kind of being our safety net where we may not get as a good recovery out of our JT, but we certainly will be able to move the gas.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I mean I know trucks were -- at one point early in 2011, there was kind of tightness in trucking and then had loosened up. Does that kind of remain not much of a concern these days, or is that still a concern as well?
Thomas E. Jorden: I want to give kudos to our marketing and operations guys who've done a great job there. We find ourselves up with a couple of purchasers, where there's scorecards in place, certain processes in place to ensure trucks are available. We've put a deal together for the piping of some oil out of the West Texas area with some commitments on their part, to the hauler's part and ours, that we will both perform. That has certainly helped. And that really picked up in Q4. We had a little bit of a problem with the weather in December, and then we made all that back up just tremendously here in January. So the guys have done a great job there.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. Then one more, if I could, on Cana. The range that we see in the production guidance for 2012, is that primarily driven by potential for flexibility around that Cana program? And if you decide not to go forward with kind of the next leg of drilling there, pad drilling in Cana, does that take production to the low-end of the guidance range or how should we think about that?
Joseph R. Albi: We've built out around the current 10-rig program. So to the extent we accelerate or decelerate, it would affect those numbers. But if we decelerate, as Tom mentioned, we'll be moving that capital elsewhere.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. And because of the delay on those completions, that really would not impact 2012 significantly.
Paul Korus: And more impact...
Thomas E. Jorden: In 2013, right. If we were to keep going, almost by the middle of third quarter, anything we do from then out shows some 2013 production just because of the -- there's a natural delay when you drill these wells side by side. You have to get a certain bank of them drilled before you complete them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So just to clarify and following up with Ryan's first question, so what is it that explains the higher IP rates on average for both the Wolfcamp and the Bone Spring from the third quarter to the fourth quarter? I mean, is it geography? I mean, did you just drill in different locations where you got better rock or is it more fracs or longer laterals? I mean what is it really?
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, well it's -- there are -- that's 2 different areas and there's 2 different answers. In the second Bone Spring, it's -- a lot of its geography, we, through our analysis of the petrophysics, stayed out of some of the higher water-cut areas. We also upsized our completions. And so that -- some of it is geography, targeting what we saw as richer areas, and some of it is upsizing our completions. So it's a combination of both. In the Wolfcamp, some of it's just the real estate. I mean we're drilling our way through and we've tried targeting a couple of different stratigraphic intervals. One of the things that we see in that Wolfcamp play is -- and we talked about this in the very beginning. We don't understand the variation until we get out there and drill it. There's not a lot of wells to key off on, where we have mud logs. And so one of the big variables is going to be yield, how much condensate are you going to make, what's the natural gas liquids yield. And so we're out there drilling and testing the area, and we're finding that, I think, we're identifying a couple of sweet spots out there. So, Joe, it's kind of a combination of both, operational efficiencies and real estate.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And so in the third quarter, when you talked about different issues, you talked about, I think, some lower EURs than you previously have modeled. I think you talked about water handling and that caused the cost to go up. I think more water than you had modeled. And then you just talked about general cost pressures. So could you just address those issues and do you see all of them resolved, or which ones do you see resolved and which ones are still unresolved?
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. The water issue is -- if you drill into an area with high water cut, you're going to make water. I mean if somebody has a way to fall -- fix that, give me a call. But you can mitigate it by saltwater disposal. And in the third quarter call, we were in a situation where we're paying at times, $4 a barrel to haul water and that could just kill your economics. So we've gotten saltwater disposal wells in, and we've also, by this petrophysical work we've done and working with our operations group, have a plan in place where we can go in and target these high water cut areas, but have a disposal well ready so we're flowing back into a saltwater disposal well. But I'm looking at a -- right as I answer your question, I'm looking at kind of a highlights reel of the fourth quarter in that second Bone Spring. And I will say that our water cuts vary from 29% upwards of 65%. So even at 65% water cut, you can make a nice living if you can dispose that water efficiently. So I wouldn't say we've solved the water issue and that we're still going to make a fair amount of water in that play, but we've done a lot in terms of fixing the economics of it.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then in terms of service cost pressures, I think on the third quarter call, you talked about service cost pressures especially in the Permian. And if I'm hearing you correctly today, you're talking about costs going the other way in the Permian.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, that's a tricky question. This is Joe. With regard to fracs, the frac has a number of components. You've got your service costs, and that can be affected by the cost of their personnel, number one, and to some degree, our efficiencies in getting a job pumped. If it takes us less time to pump a job, the service cost is less. On the service cost side, we have seen the per unit cost go down. You've got the other 2 ingredients. You've got fluids, and those can vary by the degree to which we use more fluid and the type of fluid that we use. And then on the prop side, what type of prop do we use? We've worked very hard to use white sand where we can, and for the most part are using it in virtually all of our operations. That's helped cut our cost down on the prop side. But if we run more stages, we're going to run more -- we're going to pump more prop and more fluid. So overall, I'd say, as a company, that quarter-to-quarter, we've seen our overall total company service costs go down. And the fluid and prop costs are probably in that flattish range as a result of how we may or may not have changed our program design.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And Joe, just speaking specifically to the Permian, so you're seeing the, that overall costs go down there as well?
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, right now, it's starting to soften on the service side. The biggest controlling factor there is do we pump x number of stages or y, with y being more than x, the total volumes pumped. I want to elaborate a little bit too on what Tom said about the SWD issue and how that affects not only our lifting costs, but the economics of these wells and particularly, the Permian. We really got going on that, I'd say, in late Q3. Some of the results of those SWD projects we'll see in our lifting costs being reduced from current levels on the SWD side. But our real goal is to get out ahead of this thing so that those costs never even hit the books and that we're paying virtually little, if any, dollars to dispose of any of the produced load water that we see from our new wells. We have identified, at the end of the year, 17 different SWD projects that entail about $40 million worth of capital that we're trying to undertake that hopefully we'll have done here before the end of the year. Some of them have already been completed. But we're really emphasizing that, and that is really having an impact in our overall rate of return in the Permian, number one, and that, number two, we hope to have it show up in our lifting cost.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, Joe, this is Tom, and we -- you know us well. I mean we'd rather talk about results than promise, and we're really happy to be here this morning talking about real results. We haven't had our last problem solved. We're a blocking and tackling outfit. We try to do good science, be good at the business, but we certainly like where our Permian and Mid-Continent assets are sitting right now. We're having really good results. And I think that the program we've outlined here today has a great promise to deliver those results. And another thing that we're really pleased to report to you is we have flexibility. If there's ever a time in our business where I've looked out at the future and thought that the boundaries are broader than I've ever see. In terms of up and downside of people's forecast, we have flexibility, so to be able to react, to run for daylight or pull in a little bit, depending on market conditions. So we'll continue, hopefully, to report good results, but we've had some very, very nice results in both the Permian and our Mid-Continent programs.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. And just one more, and I think this is for Joe. So, Joe, In the Gulf Coast, basically, your guidance is suggesting that you're going to be down about 50% from the fourth quarter production level to the average of 2012. So that's all that midyear. Is that -- are you guys just being conservative with that?
Joseph R. Albi: Well, Joe, we've got -- we're always fighting some of the same old things with mechanical issues or sand flow or what have you. But what I have attempted to do, both approaching it from 2 different angles, is look at potential risked contribution from new wells without a lot of mechanical issues. And what is that number for Q4, what is it if you just assume nothing and, from the new wells drilled and no mechanical issues, and we still come around that same darn level that we've quoted in our press release. So I really don't know how to say any more than that.
Paul Korus: It's our best estimate.
Joseph R. Albi: [indiscernible] Yes.
Joseph D. Allman - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Anyway, but I guess it's interesting that the production, even though you've -- it would seem to me that you've gone through the steepest part of the decline and the decline would lessen, that the number suggested is going to be down 50%. And that's 50% from fourth quarter to maybe midyear.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, that's what we're modeling. Most of that solved the Beaumont stuff. And we've got some assets that are fairly longer live. I guess you want to call that for the Gulf Coast that eventually, that will tail off and that decline won't be as severe. But in our minds, the point of the matter is, hey, it's less than 6% of our total production in 2012.
Operator: Gentlemen, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark Burford: Oh, yes. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Appreciate everyone's participation in the call, and we look to continue to report good results in the future. If you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to give us a call. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Scott C. Schroeder - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer James M. Reid - Vice President and Manager of South Region Dan O. Dinges - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Jeffrey W. Hutton - Vice President of Marketing Phillip L. Stalnaker - Vice President and Manager of North Region
Analysts: Robert L. Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division Michael Hall - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division John C. Nelson - Macquarie Research Marshall H. Carver - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Unknown Analyst -  Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Holly, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas Quarter 3 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn today's call over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Holly. Appreciate everybody joining us this morning. I have in the room with me today Scott Schroeder; Jeff Hutton, VP Marketing; Steve Lindeman, the VP of Engineering; Matt Reid, our VP of South Region; and Phil Stalnaker, our VP of our North Region.  Let me just make an opening comment that the forward-looking statements included in the press release do apply to my comments today. At this time, we have many things to cover, and I'll also try to expand on the press releases that were issued last night. I'll briefly cover the third quarter financial results, a discussion of operations in Pennsylvania, Texas and Oklahoma.  Additionally, I will discuss our outlook for the next 15 months for Cabot. But before I get into the details on these topics, let me start with a summary of our impressive results so far year-to-date in 2011 and a quick overview of expectations for '12. In '11, Cabot will grow production in the 40% to 46% range net of asset sales. We will grow reserves 10-plus percent. We will reduce or at a minimum maintain total debt at a level below $1 billion.  And this is all generated by a program that encompasses a total rig count of 7, which I think indicates the prolific nature of our portfolio. If we look ahead, 2012, our expectations will be -- and this is off of a larger base, grow production between 45% and 55% or grow reserves again 10-plus percent, maintain or reduce debt without asset sales and again, all generated from a total rig count of 7.  I think from the guidance I have seen from industry, Cabot's numbers are unmatched. In fact, I've been in the business for over 30 years and it's rare that I've seen numbers that can demonstrate this amount of growth in a cash flow neutral to cash flow positive program. Cabot's financial report for third quarter had clean earnings of $35 million and with discretionary cash flow of $165 million. This quarter continued the consistent trend of low natural gas price realizations offset by very robust production growth. We expect natural gas prices to remain ranged bound through the remainder of 2011 or until seasonal factors kick in. Additionally, we do anticipate further production advances for the remainder of the year as infrastructure capabilities do become available, though we have not included these in our fourth quarter guidance.  In terms of third quarter production, the company posted a 39% growth rate between comparable third quarters reporting 50 Bcf. We continue to enjoy high growth rates from our gas portfolio, but I'm particularly pleased to see the results of our liquids initiative with over 100% growth in oil and related liquid volumes between comparable third quarters. Clearly, this indicate -- this increase comes from our Eagle Ford effort with more wells coming online. We do expect to see an ongoing increase in our liquids production.  The guidance last night, we posted new guidance with regard to '12 production. We initiated with a range of growth between 45% and 55%. We provided detail for the first quarter only due to the fact that there are several infrastructure projects in the works with estimated 2012 start dates.  As we have seen this year, multifaceted projects at timeframes that can slide. Our expectation is we will have a much clearer, more exact timing on this front by the February call when we could give more specific details. With that said, let me emphasize again, at a minimum, we anticipate 2012 production growth to be in the 45% to 55% range. In terms of 2011 fourth quarter, we maintained our existing guidance with 9 months of actual production having already exceeded last year's record total level. Our expectation for 2011 will be faraway better than any time in our history.  This rate also takes into account the sold production and several infrastructure delays. In terms of infrastructure, Laser just came online this week up in PA, and Springville is still expected in mid-December, again, no incremental volumes in 2011 and from Springville are contemplated for us to stay within our guidance. Cost guidance has been updated with no change fourth quarter 2011. However, our first quarter of '12 reflects reduction to operating expense, DD&A and financing at increased to transportation, G&A and maintain owed taxes and exploration expense.  The overall impact in '12 is a lowering of cost from previous guidance levels. Obviously, the reduction of our unit cost will yield incremental dollars to the bottom line. We do expect this reduction trend to continue throughout '12. We have maintained a strong preference to deliver a disciplined approach to capital spending. The asset sales 2011 have allowed the expansion of our current year program to about $825 million to $875 million. You'll recall that on the second quarter call, the number would move up from the $600 million mark to around $750 million. The slight increase from there is a result of our drilling efficiencies that have allowed more wells to be drilled in Pennsylvania, Texas and Oklahoma, more completions although still constrained by infrastructure and more leasing activity on key areas and a couple of new ideas. For '12, we expect our program to be in the range of $850 million to $900 million. The planned program range is fully funded at the low end with a $4 gas price and the program generates a cash flow surplus at the high end with a $4.50 gas price. Bottom line, we have positioned ourselves for one of the highest percent production growth of our peer group, while staying within cash flow.  In addition, we are able to achieve our goals with just 7 rigs, an excellent indication of our capital efficiency. Our industry has a tendency to significantly outspend cash flow to achieve in some cases a much lower growth rate. No new hedges were added in the third quarter with one 2012 oil hedge added thus far in the fourth quarter.  The company has 28 contracts for the remainder of '11 production, 28 contracts for '12, excluding the 5 basis only hedges and 5 contracts for '13. You can evaluate those on our website. Now, let's move to operations. In the north region, our Marcellus result in Susquehanna continue to achieve new milestones and again highlight some of the key records that we have set, new 24-hour production record of 517 million cubic foot per day from only 94 horizontal wells. Cabot's fastest well to produce 3 Bcf took only 223 days. Our fastest well to 4 Bcf, took only 347 days. We're adding drilling efficiencies with our fastest well to TD took just 12.5 days and that was a 3,500-foot lateral.  Cabot's area of the Marcellus produced 16 of the top 20 wells in PA during the first half of 2011. During the quarter, we turned in line a total of 18 wells, 17 horizontals and 1 vertical well. The summer production base newly -- new wells was 153 million cubic foot per day but the production was curtailed due to infrastructure restrictions. Currently, we have 4 rigs operating in Susquehanna with an additional new build scheduled to arrive in November. Also, we currently have a total of 497 stages in various phases of completion. 213 of those are being completed, or cleaning up or being -- or waiting to turn in line. 284 of those are waiting to be completed.  We continue to make progress of the many infrastructure projects that will ultimately create one of the largest takeaway capacity systems in the United States. This week was initial in-service day of our Laser pipe -- the Laser Pipeline located in the northern area of Cabot's lease hold in Susquehanna, Laser Pipeline is ultimately designed to carry 150 million cubic foot per day at Cabot's production for sale into the Millennium Pipeline system in New York.  At Laser, we currently have a total of 4 wells cleaning up into the line. We have been asked about the Marcellus in the northern portion of our acreage. The growth section is slightly shallower and is approximately 240-foot thick versus approximately 350-foot thick where we've been drilling. Keep in mind, the thickness we see in this northern area remains considerably thicker than the Marcellus seen throughout PA.  We anticipate keeping a rig active in the north area and adding volumes throughout the fourth quarter. We are trying to have Cabot's Marcellus production into a new marketplace. Next, we are anxiously awaiting the startup of Springville pipeline -- excuse me -- now scheduled for early December. Significant progress has been made to date including the completion of the compression station, significant progress on the major bores and completion of the tap into the Transco pipeline. This is great news as we await the finishing touches on the 24-inch pipeline. Transco, just like Millennium Pipeline, represents new markets for Cabot to immediately access.  One new development, we're excited about regarding Springville, which we did release last night is that Cabot and Williams have agreed to terms regarding the unsubscribed capacity on Springville, essentially increasing our position from 300 million cubic foot per day of takeaway to 625 million cubic foot per day. This additional capacity will be available mid-2012.  With this as a backdrop, the majority of our 2012 production will be going to markets not served today by Cabot, which we think is an improvement. When you combine the incremental capacity of 325 million per day to the pre-announced plans for our infrastructure, midyear 2012 takeaway now stands at 1.325 Bcf per day. And the year end total takeaway capacity grows to -- from the 1.2 Bcf per day to 1.525 Bcf per day.  Let me also add that various other projects and expansions we have discussed previously are all on track for on time completion. As we reported last night with the delays in moving gas, Laser and Transco, we have combined and been combined to deliver of our Marcellus production into one single 24-inch Tennessee pipeline with the gas on gas competition from the surrounding areas pricing for our northeast Marcellus producers have seen downward pressure.  While we have heard numerous rumors regarding the price we have received for our gas, Cabot's monthly average price in fourth quarter has remained above $3 per Mcf during the soft period. We are mindful that our pending takeaway projects to diversify our production into multiple downstream markets on new interstate pipelines will relieve some of this tension.  Now let's move to the south region. In our Buckhorn area in the Eagle Ford, the company has drilled a total of 24 wells. Each well is 100% working-interest well in Frio and La Salle County. 21 of these wells are on production with 2 wells completing, 1 well waiting on completion and 1 well drilling. The 2 most recently completed wells produced at initial 24-hour rates of 938 barrels of oil equivalent per day and 791 barrels of oil equivalent per day.  In our AMI area with EOG, there are 6 wells currently on production in this 18,000-plus-acre area with 3 of these wells drilled and completed in the third quarter and the results are at anticipated levels. Gross production for both areas in the Eagle Ford is over 7,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Cabot intends to drill or participate in 25 to 30 net Eagle Ford wells in 2011.  Now moving to Oklahoma. Beaver County where we have our Marmaton operation, Cabot has continued its effort there with participation as planned in 7 non-operated wells with a few more to go in this quarter. Last night, we highlighted the latest 2 wells, and these wells were a significant uptick from our excellent initially operated well. The second Cabot operated well was spud last week, and the well is designed for a 4,000-foot lateral with approximately 16 frac stages. Cabot intends to drill 2 additional operated wells and will participate in 8 to 10 total non-operated well in 2011.  Cabot now controls approximately 61,500 plus net acres in the play, which is up from the 54,000 we previously announced. We believe the results that we will see in the Marmaton will provide us very favorable economic returns. In the Heath, we have gathered as much information as we could from a poorly drilled and completed well. We status-ed the well as unsuccessful, and we'll take the information we collected and continue our science work in the area.  Science efforts drove our exploration cost above guidance essentially $0.03 for the quarter. Fortunately, we do have long lease terms remaining to work with. Now moving to 2012 plans in Pennsylvania for 2012, Cabot will have on average 5 rigs running. We're planning 70 to 78 Marcellus wells. We also anticipate running 1.5 frac crews for the year. In Texas and Oklahoma, we will remain focused on acreage production. In the Eagle Ford, Cabot will drill or participate in 20 to 30 wells. In the Marmaton, we anticipate that the company will participate in the drilling of between 25 and 30 gross wells with the majority of these wells being operated.  Plans call right now for the company to operate 2 rigs in the south, one in the Eagle Ford and one in the Marmaton. We believe our 2012 program will yield greater efficiencies from a dollar invested perspective than our 2011 program. We will demonstrate operational efficiencies in both drilling and completion, along with some moderation in our overall service cost per completed well.  Additionally, we continue to improve efficiencies in our vertical integrated operation with our internal construction of locations, roads. We also provide water hauling and handling and frac-ing in other various and sundry things that we have in house. In closing, Cabot's operations remain simple, focus our gas efforts solely in the Marcellus and allocate dollars to the oil window of the Eagle Ford and Marmaton, which will drive our double-digit growth and reserves and production year-over-year, all within an anticipated cash flow neutral program. With that summary, Holly, I'll stop and be happy to answer any questions the group might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Singer, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two questions. You made a comment or made a statement in your opening comments there that with the incremental volumes that you signed on Springville for next year would be touching new markets. Can you add a little bit more color on that and are there any implications in terms of kind of realized prices or costs?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, I'll let Jeff Hutton handle that, Brian.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Brian, what we mean by that is the new gas going down Springville will enter Transco's pipeline, the lighting [ph] system. That pipeline goes over to the southern part of New York and actually accesses a number of different utilities and interstate markets that Tennessee gas pipeline does not currently serve. So we should be better off in a number of different ways with new markets both in the northeast and actually down backhaul on Transco to the Baltimore and DC areas.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: As we see this new capacity come on, is there any change in how we should think about either your realized prices or your cost based on the contracting that you've done there?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Not a lot. The gas price that we'll receive going into Transco and quite frankly into Millennium and Tennessee, all that is based primarily on the Appalachian kind of pricing that you would normally see against the Dominion index or on the gas transmission index.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And lastly, Dan, free cash flow at that $4.25 gas level at higher gas prices are a pretty rare event as you move closer to this period. Can you just talked how you're thinking about allocation of that cash additional liquids drilling, acquisitions, debt pay down, dividends, et cetera?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, our allocation right now is scheduled basically 2/3, 1/3. 2/3 going to the Marcellus and 1/3 going towards liquids.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I guess the way to think about the potential for more substantial free cash flow that you would use that cash to ramp up drilling in the Marcellus at double the rate that you would ramp up the drilling or in terms of capital as you ramp up drilling elsewhere, and I'm kind of thinking really onto '12 and maybe beyond.
Dan O. Dinges: Scott wanted to make a comment here.
Scott C. Schroeder: Brian, right now as you saw, the plan is 850 to 900, that will be dynamic like every year's plan is. Clearly, if we take a snapshot right now, that excess will just be used to pay down the revolver. There's no thought at this point of any kind of dividend increase picking up on what you said. But some of that money could eventually if we have a need in terms of lease expirations or a new idea or new project, some of that can go for some of those new science ideas too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Lively, Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: With the Marcellus capacity at 1.5-plus Bcf a day at year end 2012, when do you guys think you'll actually be able to fill that capacity? And I'm just looking for, is that a 2013, 2014 event?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, good question, Brian, and it's safe to say that we have very high expectations of our area otherwise, we wouldn't have added additional capacity. I think being prudent in the market, we have today with the commodity price of where it is. And so we continue to gain efficiencies in our development moving more and more towards a full-blown development mode. But right now, we're just going to try to get out of the fourth quarter of '11 and move into the first quarter of '12. And we've set our guidance for '12. We do believe we internally have a lot of work going on beyond '12. But I'm not prepared to make those projections.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Could you maybe comment a little on what are the constraints there? I mean, it's great for the free cash flow positive situation with where you guys are at. But is that going to be a [indiscernible] do you think going forward given the returns on the wells? Or would you, if able, actually accelerate some of that growth and outspend a little bit?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, right now, our plan is to stay within cash flow. And fortunately, our program has very good capital efficiency within it because of the area we're in that even at a $4 Mcf, we can stay within cash flow. We'll generate a little bit of positive cash flow at a $4.50 price, so I think we're in a very unique situation in that case. And we do fully appreciate the present value aspect of enhancing the profile of our cash flow stream. And at the right opportunity, we will take advantage of that but right now, I think it's prudent in this market to stay within what we see as a forward curve and a cash flow neutral program.
Scott C. Schroeder: [indiscernible] Let me add also the tendency in our industry and part of the dynamic in our industry has been the need to capture leases. This program laid out for '12 captures the leases, all of the leases that would be expiring in '12. We have no lost opportunity within that cash flow neutral program. That would be a dynamic for you, you might outspend but Cabot doesn't need to do that.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: That's fantastic. On the asset sales, do you guys have an updated expected proceeds? I saw that you gave a closing time for the Rockies in October. What's the total proceeds for the year now?
Dan O. Dinges: We're probably pushing $375 million.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Last question for me. Dan, you might have said this in the prepared remarks, but I didn't hear it right. What was the breakdown of Marcellus production and Eagle Ford production in Q3?
Dan O. Dinges: No, I did not say that. I'll let Scott run through that.
Scott C. Schroeder: Brian, give me a call afterwards. We did not break it down by that. Again, you get an idea in the press release. The gas production in West Virginia is roughly $50 million a day. Rocky Mountains for the quarter was roughly $25 million a day, and the rest would be in Pennsylvania.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pearce Hammond, Simmons & Company.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: First question is what is the gas differentials for Susquehanna County? Are you -- are embedded in your 2012 guidance?
Dan O. Dinges: I will refer to Jeff on that also.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: For 2012, we're using the -- again, we're reselling off the Dominion index and the Colombia index at probably $0.08 to $0.10 or above NYMEX. And I might add, too, that markets will be accessing on Transco and Millennium. We have seen some downward pressure to the differentials in Pennsylvania along [ph] Tennessee. We think that it's temporary and once we get to the new market areas, we'll see what I'll call back to normal pricing at positive differentials to the NYMEX.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Perfect. And then are you experiencing any service cost relief specifically on the completion side in the Marcellus right now?
Dan O. Dinges: For our 2012 program, Pearce, we're in the process of gathering all our service cost and closing down some annual contracts for some of our services and it is our expectation as I mentioned that our service cost will moderate both in the south region and the north region for completed well cost.
Pearce W. Hammond - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Perfect. And then, the last question for me. There's been some reports that you're in the Smackover Brown Dense and I was just curious what's your drilling plans were there as well as what acreage you've leased up?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have several projects that are out there that our guys work on from an exploratory sense. And with that being just exploratory in nature, we don't typically comment on what we're doing that far ahead of the curve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amir Arif, Stifel.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just another question in terms of how you're thinking about '12. What would cause you to increase your rig count from above the 5? I mean, I know you've got to take away capacity. You talked about one in the liquid and cash flow. But if we see an improvement in gas prices, is that the signal you're waiting for? Or is it simply a matter of trying to do it at a steadier pace?
Dan O. Dinges: Our approach to business just as a general comment is we have so much money to work with. We're going to strive to stay within a budget. We set our benchmarks to stay within that budget with the assumption of what gas price we used in our model. And certainly, if we have the opportunity to see an increase in the commodity price from what we've used, certainly we'll consider drilling additional wells.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. So there's no desire to hedge in additional volumes and accelerate production growth?
Dan O. Dinges: Hedging is and will remain a consideration for us. I would love to be able to hedge a strip that would lock in some of what we're discussing here. With that lock-in of a significant hedge position, I think we would probably look at our capital program with those hedges locked in place. But 12 months through at this stage is probably in the 4 -- is in between our $4 and $4.50.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, that makes sense. Okay, and then just another question in terms of the 2 wells you highlighted in the Marcellus, the 4Bs and 3Bs in less than a year. These are not extended laterals, is there something different you were doing on these wells?
Dan O. Dinges: No, there's just some -- geologically, we find ourselves and some wells stand out in various different areas that we've been drilling. And those are some of the poster boy wells that we've had that produce very well. And frankly, we do have a couple of wells to see what they'll do that we do not restrict as much as we do some of our other wells. And so these are wells that we brought on and allow them to make up a great deal of our production that may be sacrificed to some of the other wells that we'll pinch back.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just one final question. Can you give us a summary of or just a rough number of how much acreage will be held by production after the end of your '12 drilling?
Dan O. Dinges: We anticipate that it'll be -- after '12 drilling or '11 drilling?
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: After the '12 drilling. I mean after the program you've laid out for '12.
Dan O. Dinges: After '12 drilling, I'm thinking we'll have -- even though we'll come back in after we evaluate the production from those wells, we'll probably have some more wells, some more drilling. Well, we will have more drilling to come back in to drill in some of those acreage that we do have [indiscernible] production. But I would say 35% to 40%.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just a follow-up to that. So at what point do you think you'll start doing either more pad drilling or start using some of your more extended laterals that you've been testing, at what point do you start changing the way you're developing these wells?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, and again, this is a little bit of a forward look, but as we increase our production and we increase our cash flow, once we're able to continue to capture our acreage in a very methodical process, which we're doing right now, and we increase our cash flow enough to allow incremental drilling, I think that's when we'll come back in and have those type of pad site set up for 6 wells, 8-well, 10-well type of pad drilling.
Amir Arif - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So it sounds like that's a '14 or '15 event, before you really start changing.
Dan O. Dinges: [indiscernible] if we can get -- we continue to grow our production and if we can get a little bit of help from the commodity price, it could be an earlier event than that.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Gil Yang, Bank of America.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could you comment on -- what is your -- I know you're cleaning up the 4 wells in -- near the Laser area. Do you have any sort of comment on what those wells look like in terms of comparison to the rates that you're seeing in the most southern area?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, it's still very early, and there's -- only have them on like 3 days. So they are still cleaning up so the comparison would be a little bit earlier. A bit early for that. Three wells into it -- to give you an example, 3 wells into it on our wells in the southern area, we don't know exactly what they will do at that period of time either. In fact, we have wells that have cleanup going into the 30- to 45- to 60-day period as they continue to clean up. So it's just way, way too early to make that statement.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And there's no predictive value in the rate of the cleanup?
Dan O. Dinges: No, there's not.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And what is your current average spud to TD for Marcellus?
Dan O. Dinges: On well cost?
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Days of drills, the wells.
Dan O. Dinges: We're between 16 to 18 days.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And if you're looking at program for 2012 versus the program in 2011, is there proportionally going to be more spend on completions in 2012 than in 2011? Or is it going to be a similar distribution?
Dan O. Dinges: No, we're going to spend some more -- more dollars will be spent in '12 on completions than in '11.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you give some of the guidance as to how much is going to be for each drilling versus completion?
Scott C. Schroeder: Gil, we don't have that number. I think from a macro perspective, remember, up until recently, we had one frac crew in the Marcellus and we've taken advantage of the dynamic marketplace up there to have 2 crews for a period of time. As you can see, they have worked off -- when we had this call in July, we were around 600 stages backlog, now just under 500. We expect that, that 500 will decline further as it relates to next year, more to more of a working inventory between 200 and 300 stages. So again, if you think of the well numbers that we gave and the speeds were 70 to 78 wells, assuming all 15 stage fracs, that will give you the number of stages for next year. And then say, incrementally, we're going to work off the backlog, half the backlog of 250. That will give you an indication of the number of stages that gets done next year.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And just a final question, can you just comment on -- you made the comment, Dan, that you expected services to show some kind of moderation. Is there a difference in drilling versus completion cost in the south versus the north? Is there more pressure on completion cost in the south than there is in north and vice versa that you're drilling or -- can you comment on that?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I think the savings we anticipate simply because the majority of the costs are attached to the completion cost. The majority of what we think we would be able to save compared to -- in '12 compared to '11 will fall in the completion side. We don't expect a great deal of change in the drilling side for cost, actual cost in the north and south. But we do anticipate that in the north, we think we would be able to gain efficiencies with each drilling dollars spent by virtue of penetration rates.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ray Deacon, Brean Murray.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Dan, I had a question about current well cost in the Marcellus and also yesterday range mentioned 5.7 and 6.5 Bcf EUs, their EUR and so that looked like about a 30% recovery implying there were some potential to increase EURs. I guess, I was just wondering what your thoughts were on that.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, as far as comparing the drilling cost, I think range -- and if they're talking about -- what area were they talking about, Ray, do you know?
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Well, I think in the southwest, they were saying 5.7 and then in Lycoming, they were saying they thought 6.5 was the current -- it's current number.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Yes, and the well cost in the southwest PA is shallower over there. And as we've been able to see and as the PA DP has put out on well results, Southwest does not deliver quite the rates that we're seeing in the northeast portion of Pennsylvania. And as you move west from our area, I think it's also indicative that you don't get quite the rates as you move west into the area that is being drilled that the IPs or EURs are as robust as what we are seeing in our particular area. But as far as the drill costs are in the southeast are very similar at the $6.5 million to $7 million range depending on the number of frac stages.
Raymond J. Deacon - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Got it. Great. So your 10 Bcf EUR well that you booked last year, what recovery factor does that work out to? And where could that go, I guess?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, and again, making the comparison, you used 30% on ranges recovery. Keep in mind that, again, just the geology is such that southwest PA has a much thinner section than we have. Our section is 240- to 400-foot thick. So the in-place reserves that we have in that section compared to 70-foot section or so is significantly different. So the recoveries that we realize and we're working on right now and have a third-party study out there that will be delivered to us at the end of the year that is trying to arrive at that recovery factor. But we think we're going to see in our particular area with the efficiency of our completions and no liquids in the majority of our reservoir we don't have any relative perm issues or anything like that, we think we have very, very good high recovery factors that could push the 50% to 60% range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Carver, Capital One.
Marshall H. Carver - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. On -- you gave a number of gross wells, 25 to 30 gross wells in the Marmaton next year. How many net wells would that be?
Dan O. Dinges: All right, Matt?
James M. Reid: That would probably be in the range of, I think, it's roughly 16 or so operated wells, and then I would estimate another 4 so net wells that are non-operated.
Marshall H. Carver - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: And just a question on -- yes, you did a great job monetizing Rockies and accelerating in the Marcellus this year. Why not monetize some other assets, maybe West Virginia or something next year and accelerate some more? Is that something you're considering?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, Marshall, we have been -- Cabot has consistently evaluated our portfolio and made a number of portfolio rationalizations that has taken advantage of transferring our assets into a more -- a higher PV. And certainly, we'll continue to look at that opportunity out there if the market will allow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Nelson, Macquarie.
John C. Nelson - Macquarie Research: Just as a follow-up to the response on Gil's question. Are there more spot frac crews available in northeast Pennsylvania now if you wanted them? And then just as you look into '12, do you see any constraint in the number of crews you can get dedicated?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, I'll let Phil respond to that.
Phillip L. Stalnaker: We have been picking up spot crews. We have the one we've had full-time, and we've been picking up spot crews to do other jobs. And right now, we're not seeing any constraints in 2012.
John C. Nelson - Macquarie Research: Great. And then just on the extended laterals that were mentioned in the press release. Do you have what the actual lateral length was?
Dan O. Dinges: The lateral length was -- the longest was like 6,100 feet.
John C. Nelson - Macquarie Research: And then the spacing on that was the same as what you guys have been trying or...
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, the spacing of that was about 250 feet or so. And those laterals, each of those laterals, I think one was about 5,500 feet, one 6,100 feet. One had 21 stages. The other had 26.
John C. Nelson - Macquarie Research: Great. And then just last one for me. Do you have the amount of [indiscernible] spent on leasehold in the quarter?
Dan O. Dinges: I don't have that. Scott, do you have...
Scott C. Schroeder: John, it's between $30 million and $40 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Biju Perincheril, Jefferies.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Quick question. When you think about the incremental volumes on the Springville line, does your existing compression capacity and the new units that are coming on next year, is that enough or do we need any new compression to get to that 625 on the Springville line?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Sure, I'll take that one. The answer is yes. And the expansion by Williams on Springville will include some additional units at their Wilcox Stations that will allow them to increase the capacity of the line from 300 to the 625 number. In addition to that, there'll be some expansion and another new station that Cabot and Williams will develop along the Springville lateral and also around the Tennessee Gas Pipeline area. So there's lots of moving parts to this. And we're well on our way to get all wrapped up at least the big part by mid-year and then the rest by year end.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So think about -- I think you've had, for next year, talked about 2 new compressor stations coming on Lenoxville and I think the Williams Central. Are those volumes going to be incremental to what can be moved on Springville? Or is that rerouting some of that?
Jeffrey W. Hutton: That's kind of a difficult question to answer, because we're trying to develop a system there that has a lot of flexibility to it. Yes, Lenoxville will deliver gas into Tennessee Gas Pipeline solely. However, the Lathrop station, for example, and the original Teel station and a new station we have on the drawing boards, the Central Compressor station, those will be able to access multiple pipelines. The design of the system is to have access to 3 different interstate markets, 3 very large markets, at the same time, maintain the field pressures that we think are ideal to produce these wells into and also access the higher price markets.
Biju Z. Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And, Dan, I think you talked about this before. The 2 extended lateral wells that you mentioned in the press release. Did you say those were not subject to any sort of -- they were not choked back [ph] like some of your other wells, is that or were you referring to other wells?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, they were brought on like other wells that are brought on at a little bit of a moderated rate to allow us to continue to clean up. But we did allow those to produce into the pipe at fairly aggressive rates. However, I would add to that, that we did hold some back pressure. For example, as recently as yesterday, the wells were producing above line pressure in the 1,400-pound range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Christensen, Buckingham Research.
Robert L. Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: About how much exploratory leasehold has the company booked so far this year outside of things we know about Marcellus, Eagle Ford and Marmaton?
Dan O. Dinges: Bob, part of what we can do on our exploration, we just try to stay behind the curtain for as long as we can until all the scouts discover us out there.
Robert L. Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. Would you say it's more acreage at this time this year than last year then? I mean, is the company -- because I'm trying to look out a bunch of years. Is the company becoming more exploration, I guess, savvy and interested? Is the appetite growing in that direction? Or do you just have so much to work with that's so high-quality that you know about? I mean, I'm just trying to get a tendency of the company.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, we love our position and what we have to work with. And we have 10-plus years of significant opportunities within our portfolio right now. But as far as our company being exploration savvy moving out ahead of the curve, a good example of what we have internally already is by virtue of -- in 2005 when nobody on this line knew what the Marcellus was, Cabot was out leasing in northeast PA for the Marcellus. And we didn't talk about it, and we didn't bring it up. And we just did our internal work and moved forward without anybody finding out about it until somebody discovered it that we were out there. So I think we have the ability in-house and have that ability in-house to move out ahead of the curve and be reactive and proactive both on new ideas.
Robert L. Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just one final on the Heath, if I may. I mean, I think there were 5 other wells by industry up there. Just question, do you know of any successes in the Heath by others?
Dan O. Dinges: No. So far what I've seen, and I don't have all the detail data information on the industry drilling up there, the brief reports I've seen I have not been excited about. But, again, a couple of wells don't kill a play particularly in a large geographic area. We just need to understand it a little bit better and see if it's going to have enough potential for us to make an economic play out of it that would compete with our capital efficient dollars.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hall, R.W. Baird.
Michael Hall - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Just 2 quick ones for me. I was curious if you have the rates on the cumes [ph] that you reported, maybe the average rate for the 2 Bcf average for those 30 wells and then perhaps the other rates reported in the ops update?
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the 2 wells that have been of note are still producing well over 15 million cubic foot a day each.
Michael Hall - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay. And then how about those 2 -- did you say 30 wells that averaged over 2 Bcf a day? I was just curious if by chance you have kind of average IP -- I'm sorry, the average rate at the time of those cumes [ph].
Dan O. Dinges: No, I have not averaged those 30 wells, Mike.
Michael Hall - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay, fair enough. And then sorry if I missed it, but the 2012 outlook, how many wells do you contemplate tying in, actually tying into sales in the Marcellus program in that outlook?
Dan O. Dinges: How many wells do we anticipate tying in?
Michael Hall - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Yes.
Dan O. Dinges: 55 to 65.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Hall, Global Hunter.
Unknown Analyst - : [indiscernible] if you provided EUR for Marmaton well [ph]?
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, right now and this was early time, and we haven't changed that because we're still gathering significant amount of data. And we can say that some of the tweaking that's being done on maybe the amount of profit that we pumped and things have had some enhancements and compared our initially operated well with the non-operated wells that have been drilled, but we're between right now, and again this is based on our first well, the 175 to 225 boe at this particular time. And maybe with additional stages, frac stages and longer lateral lengths, that number will increase. Keep in mind, our initial well was a 10-stage frac.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay, Holly. I appreciate everybody's attention, and I think I'll just say any comment that Cabot I think provides, and again this is from many years in the business, one of the lowest risk stories to accomplish what I think is an industry-leading result with the cash flow neutral to cash flow positive program that generates in excess of 45% production growth and a 10-plus percent reserve growth with superior capital efficiencies. I don't think you're going to find that in a program that takes about 7 rigs to accomplish those feat. So anyway with that, I'll end it and again, I appreciate everybody's interest in Cabot. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cabot Oil & Gas Quarter 3 2011 Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 09:30:00) =====
Executives: James Reid - Vice President and Manager of South Region Scott Schroeder - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer Steven Lindeman - Vice President of Engineering & Technology Jeffrey Hutton - Vice President of Marketing Dan Dinges - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Phillip Stalnaker - Vice President and Manager of North Region
Analysts: Michael Hall Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch Marshall Carver - Capital One Southcoast, Inc. Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Stephanie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO of Cabot Oil & Gas. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, and I appreciate everybody joining us for this call. I have with me today -- from corporate, I have Scott Schroeder. You all know Jeff Hutton, Steve Lindeman, and I also have the 2 regional managers, Matt Reid and Phil Stalnaker. Before we start, you're aware that the forward-looking statements included in the press release apply to my comments today. At this time, we have many things to cover and talk about. And I'd also like to expand on the press releases that were issued last night. I will briefly cover the second quarter financial results. I'll also have discussions of the operations in both regions, north and south. And I'll cover so the rationale behind the sale of our Rocky Mountains assets and some of the use of those proceeds. Overview should be fairly brief, and I will allow ample time for questions at the end. Cabot reported its financial results for the first quarter with clean earnings of $43 million and with discretionary cash flow of about $147 million. This quarter continued the consistent trend of low natural gas price realizations, offset by very robust production growth.  We expect natural gas prices to remain ranged down through the remainder of 2011, as we have seen in the first half. Additionally, we anticipate robust production for the remainder of the year, which I will outline in a few moments. In terms of second quarter production, the company posted a 47.5% growth rate between comparable second quarters, producing 45 Bcfe. That's the highest quarterly production that Cabot has ever reported. We continue to enjoy high growth rate from our gas portfolio, but I'm particularly pleased to see the results of our liquids initiative with over 20% growth in oil volumes. With more wells coming on stream, I would expect this oil and liquids increase to continue. For our guidance, with our wells still showing excellent results, last night we posted a new full year 2011 guidance, increasing the overall growth rate to 46%, up from 34% to 42%. This increase is based on the level of gas we are currently producing. The incremental volumes expected to free flow into the Laser Pipeline in Northeast PA and an additional interstate outlet expected to occur in the fourth quarter also in the Marcellus area.  As a footnote, this increase in production guidance has taken in consideration the sale of our Rocky Mountains properties effective September 1, 2011, which is about 27 million cubic feet per day. Cost guidance has been updated with decreases in operating expense, DD&A and other taxes and an increase in G&A and third quarter exploration expense. The net impact is an overall lowering of unit cost from previous guidance levels. Obviously the reduction of unit cost will yield incremental dollars to our bottom line, and we do expect this trend to continue into 2012.  We have maintained a strong preference to deliver a disciplined approach for our 2011 capital spending program. With our wealth of opportunities in the Northeast Pennsylvania area, our continuous progress in the infrastructure buildout up there, and our improved efficiencies and returns of our new liquids-rich ideas, we have decided to monetize a portion of our Rocky Mountains asset base and deploy some of those dollars towards additional drilling in both our north and south regions that will enhance our production profile for 2012.  The assets result on the Rockies region were our legacy Green River Basin assets. We did not sell any of our early initiatives such as the Heath or Chainman. Essentially, we've monetized an asset not valued by the market, providing an opportunity for a multiple value expansion. With the use of a portion of proceeds from this asset sale, we'll be able to drill a few incremental Marcellus wells and replace the sold production as we expand our efforts into high return areas. I'll cover more on the specifics around this capital plan a little bit later. Cabot did add to its hedge book for 2011 and '12 during the quarter, which we've posted in June. This effort now has a company with 28 contracts for the remainder of 2011 production, 28 contracts for 2012 production, excluding the 5 basis only hedges that we have and 5 contracts for 2013 production. No new hedges were added since this last posting in June. Operations, as we have previously discussed, operationally, for 2011 our plans remain to deliver a net cash flow neutral program in light of our recent asset sales. We were more likely to deliver a debt reduction program after applying the proceeds from the sales. With that as a backdrop, we are evaluating adding $80 million to $100 million to our Marcellus program to drill 10 to 15 additional wells for the full year, along with the south to invest about $50 million for the Eagleford and Marmaton oil projects, including a small portion of the $50 million to be allocated towards another liquids-rich idea we are working on. Now let's move specifically to the regions. In the North region, the wells in Susquehanna continue to exceed our expectations. We achieved a new one-day fuel production high of 140 million cubic foot -- excuse me, 440 million cubic foot per day. Some of the wells contributing to this record production include 5 wells completed in the quarter, that each exceeded 20 million cubic foot per day for our 24-hour production rate with ranges between 21 million to 28 million per day.  Also, the combined 30-day rate for the 5 wells was 100 million cubic foot per day. As we stated in the release, we indicated the prolific nature of our area in the Marcellus by highlighting 2 wells that have now surpassed the 4 Bcf mark in cumulative production, one of those occurring in only 12 months, the other in 16 months time period respectively, with these wells still producing at a combined rate of over 10 million cubic foot per day. As we anticipate, the completion of some takeaway infrastructure in the near term, which I'll discuss that in a moment, we continue to add to our production capacity and our inventory. We are running 5 rigs in the Marcellus and a full-time frac crew. We have a total of 259 stages being completed, cleaning up or waiting to turn in line and an additional 323 stages waiting to be completed for a total of 582 stages.  As you're aware, we remain constrained by the infrastructure capacity, which currently allows us to flow somewhere in between 400 million and 440 million cubic foot on any given day through the Teel and Lathrop into the Tennessee 300 line. The additional flow capacity is tied to interstate takeaway capacity which will remain static, as I mentioned, until the completion of the Williams Springville line, which is tied to our Lathrop station running down to Transco to the south and/or the completion of the Laser Pipeline from the northern portion of our acreage, which will run to the north and tie into the Millennium Pipeline. Now everybody is anxious, just as we are, to receive the news and see the progress of this infrastructure buildout. In particular, the Springville pipeline and its status. I'm pleased to announce that the pipeline construction has begun on segments of the pipeline, and significant progress has been made regarding the installation of their compressor station located in Wyoming County.  However, even under the best circumstance, the project completion has slid slightly into the fourth quarter. To be conservative, we are modeling a December in-service date, which is reflected in our guidance. In addition to the Springville line, the Laser Pipeline to the north, going to attach to Millennium, is also currently under construction with an early fourth quarter in-service date. We have begun completion activities on the handful of wells targeted for completion and connection to the Laser line, again anticipating some modest production adds for the fourth quarter in our guidance. So as of today, Cabot has pipeline capacity up to 440 million cubic foot per day and compression capacity up to 550 million cubic foot per day. Now let me get into the future plan and describe what is going to come about and the timing that will come about with the buildout. First, I'm going to address just the pipeline and the timing of the pipeline. And then I'm going to discuss compression and the timing of the compression installation. At the end of these numbers, I will circle back around and give you a summary of the key dates to look for and some of those volumes when you tie the pipeline and compression capacity together. So first off, with the new pipeline capacity expected in the fourth quarter and throughout 2012. Heres how some of the numbers breakdown: The Laser takeaway, just with the pipe, is scheduled for October at 50 million cubic foot per day tying into the Millennium line. That we will be able to utilize at that point in time for free cash flow gas.  The Springville takeaway, heading to the south, is anticipated, as I mentioned, in December, and that pipeline has the capacity at 300 million cubic foot per day to carry down to Transco. Beyond that is attached to our Lathrop compressor station. In March of 2012, Phase II of Laser will add an incremental 50 million cubic foot per day. And in April of '12, Lenox takeaway pipeline will have an incremental 150 million cubic foot per day, which the Lenox is tied to Tennessee. Again I do plan on circling back around and tying these numbers together.  Now let me move to the compression capacity, which is expected to be installed and commissioned in 2012. The Laser compression in March of 2012 will be the 50 million cubic foot per day. The Lenoxville compression, which will be in April of 2012 will be at 150 million cubic foot per day, and Williams central compression, which is July of 2012, will be 300 million cubic foot per day.  So when you combine and tie together this in-service dates with both the pipeline takeaway and compression capacity, the true takeaway ability from our wellhead into the market is going to be as follows, and these are really the key dates that you ought to focus on.  The Laser pipeline in October of '12, we anticipate having the capacity -- excuse me, in October of 2011, we anticipate having the capacity of 50 million cubic foot per day that we could free flow some gas. In December of 2011, we anticipate that the Springville line will be available at about 100 million cubic foot per day. In March of 2012, the Laser Pipeline will add an incremental 50 million cubic foot per day. In April of 2012, the Lenoxville compression pipeline will have 150 million cubic foot per day. And the central compressor that I discussed for Springville in July of 2012 will have an incremental 200 million cubic foot per day.  So to sum it up, we will be adding 550 million cubic foot per day of total takeaway capacity, which includes pipes and compression to the current capacity of 440 million cubic foot per day, to give us a total takeaway of approximately 1 Bcf per day by mid-2012. We also have other modifications and expansions planned and have not changed our original target of 1.2 Bcf per day of total takeaway infrastructure by year-end 2012. If you have any questions, and I botched any of that, Jeff Hutton is sitting beside me, and he will be able to clarify. Also in the north region, Cabot initial well in our Heath prospect, located in Rosebud County, Montana, was completed in the second quarter. Now this 8-stage completion is currently on task and recovering load water.  The process has taken longer than anticipated. However, we have recovered about 20% of our frac load to date. The well initially flowed, and as anticipated, we did place the well on pump. We're still optimistic on this completion. And we're in the process currently of making a well bore cleanout run, and we'll be able to give additional information on this in September. Going to the South region, in our Buckhorn area, in the Eagle Ford, the company has drilled a total of 17 wells. Each well is 100%-working interest well in Frio County. 11 of these wells are on production, with 3 wells completing, 3 wells waiting on completion and 2 wells currently drilling. As the press release highlighted, 4 of the 11 producing wells were placed on production during the second quarter. These 4 wells each produced at a combined average initial 24-hour rate of 721 barrels of oil equivalent. Up until now, we have had the flare of the residual gas, as there was no pipeline connection. We're pleased to announce that our new pipeline system now in place at Buckhorn. In partnership with the TexStar Midstream Services, the pipeline infrastructure commenced service in early July, and approximately 3 million cubic foot per day are presently being produced into the pipeline.  Our old pipeline infrastructure is scheduled to be in service early in the fourth quarter. Both projects will greatly enhance our overall operation in the Eagle Ford area. In our AMI area with EOG, there are 2 wells presently drilling in this 18,000-plus acre area. Cabot intends to participate, in total, 25 to 30 net Eagle Ford wells in 2011. Also, covered under our south region, and moving up to Oklahoma and Beaver County, Cabot completed its first Marmaton well with a 24-hour rate, 592 barrels of oil and 325 Mcf per day for an equivalent total of 646 barrels. The well is drilled with a 4,000-foot lateral and completed with a 10-stage frac for around $4 million.  The well averaged 368 barrels plus 130 or so Mcf per day for the first 30 days. And 320 barrels of oil and 189 Mcf per day of gas for the first 60 days. It's a little early to discuss EURs, but a range we could throw out would be an expectation of 175 to 225 MBoe.  We're very pleased with these results and Cabot's immediate plans are to participate in 5 to 6 additional non-operated wells to further evaluate the play, along with looking for a rig to drill another operated well or 2. Cabot has increased its acreage position in the area as a result of these early results to over 32,000 net acres.  In closing, Cabot's operational program remains simple, focus our gas efforts only in the Marcellus and allocate dollars in the oil windows of the Eagleford and now the Marmaton, which will increase our oil reserves and oil production year-over-year. With asset sales now closed or moving towards a close, we're going to take advantage of additional dollars to enhance our 2011 year-end reserves and the opportunity to increase our early 2012 production capacity expectations. Additionally, we will be securing more liquids-rich acreage to improve our lines in several of these areas. We have already highlighted our production expectation post the asset sale, and our reserves are expected to approximate 3 TCF at year end even after taking in consideration the asset sale effort. So as we increase reserves, increase production and add more acreage to future drilling opportunities, we will also most likely be reducing our debt year-over-year. With that quick summary, Stephanie, I will be more than happy to open up the lines for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brian Lively with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Dan, I just have a few questions here. If I got your numbers right, it looks like you'll be adding around 550 million a day by July in 2012 from current production? And if that's right, my question is, will you be able to immediately fill those pipes with curtailed production? Or will there be some delay where you need to drill to fill those -- that incremental capacity?
Dan Dinges: Okay, you're right on the capacity increase that we'll see by July '12 is the 550 million, and that's the pipe and the compression. And as far as the timing of filling that additional capacity, we have not -- obviously, have not put out our guidance. And we would hope to be able to put our guidance out in October of this year. I think one of the reasons we have made the decision to use some of the proceeds from the asset sale is the clarity and visibility and comfort we have now in getting some of these infrastructure capacity in place.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And so if I think about the potential extra CapEx that you spent in the Marcellus, then some of that will be spent -- basically be in front of the infrastructure buildout, as you just said, now that you have more confidence of the timing of it?
Dan Dinges: Exactly. And some of the clarity around that point is that now when we talk about the Springville line, it's running from our Lathrop station in and around an area we've done majority of our drilling. When I mentioned Laser, it's to the north, and we have now have some additional drilling. In fact, I have a frac crew up in that particular area as we speak. But we haven't done a lot of drilling up in that area, and then when I talk about the Lenoxville compressor, that's to the east of our Lathrop station on the Tennessee 300 line, we have done some drilling over there, but we plan on doing incremental drilling in those 2 additional areas to add the capacity to meet the expectation.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And you think by mid-next year, you'll be able to basically work down that, I think you said 580-ish stages that's waiting on hookup or completion?
Dan Dinges: Some of the plan that we have to present at our October board meeting is the bottoms-up build budget that the regions are doing. And that budget build will take in consideration these capacity and takeaway opportunities that we have aligned the drilling, along with the frac crews to be able to position and coordinate and be as efficient as we possibly can to fill those particular volumes. So I have not gotten the final run from the regions yet on how many frac crews that we'll have. But certainly, we anticipate being able to frac more wells and add half a crew, 2 crews, 2.5 crews, whatever the number is.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And just last question for me, and I'll hop off, but clarification on the Rockies divestiture, what was the run rate unit OpEx for those properties? And then could you maybe provide maybe a clean Marcellus OpEx number with that?
Dan Dinges: Yes, and I'll let Scott take that one.
Scott Schroeder: Right now, Brian, through the first 6 months of 2011, our direct operation expense in the Rockies was $0.81. And that comparable number for our Pennsylvania operation, in aggregate, which is the Marcellus operation, is a $0.05.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: You said $0.05, did I hear you correctly?
Scott Schroeder: You did hear me correctly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So following up on a question on the point on operating costs there. We did see a decent step down in operating costs this quarter versus last quarter, and I wondered your comments on whether you think we will see further step down beyond the asset mix shift from selling the Rockies assets, but just more -- we will see more step-downs in the cost as you bring more Marcellus production online, or whether this is a good run rate especially considering that there will be some liquids coming on over time as well?
Scott Schroeder: Brian, this is Scott. We did -- from what we had out there previously, for the third and fourth quarter, we did move operating LOE down a little bit. The dynamic in the second quarter were some credits that came through, particularly in the West Virginia operation, where we had paid for some before, and then it was reversed in this period. So there was a few little one-off things that caused the number to be lower in the second quarter than we were forecasting in the third and fourth quarter. But we do expect that trend to continue to decline throughout the rest of this year and then throughout '12. Driven, like you said, by those volumes that were -- the Marcellus production increasing volumes, the Eagleford increasing volumes. So just in aggregate, we do expect the unit cost to continue to trend down.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great. And then separately, can you talk to some of the shallower zones on your Marcellus acreage, the upper Devonian zones, work that you've done there and wells that you've drilled there, and when, and your thoughts?
Dan Dinges: We're still evaluating the -- not only the zones shallower but also slightly deeper than our Marcellus. And we really, at his stage, don't have a whole lot of color to add, Brian, but we -- you can be assured that we are evaluating it.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And lastly, on the Heath wells, when you originally -- in your original plans, would you originally expected to have put it on pumps this quickly, or just putting it on pump at this time in line with your expectations?
Dan Dinges: No, with the depth of the wells and our early expectations, we anticipated having to put it on pump. And what slowed it down considerably is just the timing of doing all of this, but we did anticipate putting it on pump this early.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gil Yang with Bank of America.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: Could you just give some kind of predictions  maybe use another word -- could you give us some kind of anticipation of what you're expecting wells in the Laser area to come in at? And have you tested those wells, or are you just sort of looking at logs and anticipating the productivity?
Dan Dinges: We have not tested the wells, as I mentioned, we just have moved the frac crew in up there. But we anticipate fairly robust rates.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just from looking at logs?
Dan Dinges: You're correct, and the other area of information that we have.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: Would it be fair to say that you're sort of expecting this 6.5 or 10 Bcf type curves, which one would be -- should we be thinking about?
Dan Dinges: Well, I think it would be fair to ask if they'll be able to get some completions up there and then be able to report back based on the factual data of what our best expectation would be.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: So in that context, it sounds like you'll have -- your anticipation that when Laser actually comes online, you should have enough wells that you can fill 50 million very easily even if the wells, let's say, underperform a little bit that you'd have enough spare deliverability that you could hit 50 million.
Dan Dinges: Yes, and to address it through expectations, we have, in our guidance, included some of those volumes to be free flowing into the Laser connection. And as we did previously on the expectations of Springville line and other improvements to the infrastructure, we pushed our expectation of startup date out a little bit, just simply to be able to plan for weather and delays in the construction process. And the guided volumes that we have free flowing and expect to free flow into Laser is no exception to maybe our conservative approach to lay out guidance.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: So just to clarify. So the 4 four months of Laser production are 4 months at 50 million free flow?
Dan Dinges: The capacity of the Laser line is 50 million a day in free flow. That is starting in October. So that would be really 3 months, and the guidance has incorporated the expectation that we anticipate flowing up there.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And for the accelerated -- for the additional wells you plan to drill in the different areas, is that additive to volumes in 2011? Or is it more building up inventory that will come online in 2012?
Dan Dinges: That would be tacked on the end of our drilling program for 2011, and I would venture to say that all of those wells would not -- not any of those wells will be seeing as far as production in '11. It will be a 2012 event.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hall with Wells Fargo.
Michael Hall: Just curious, I guess, a few things. Most of my stuff has been answered. A little more color maybe on the 2012 outlook as it relates to capital and kind of the implications of reducing the backlog of uncompleted wells and kind of how that would, in theory, flow through the capital. I'm just making sure I'm thinking about it right. I mean, am I getting that right if I'm thinking that the incremental volumes that are likely to come on in '12 however we choose to model them likely come on at much higher kind of capital efficiency rates than would be typical, given that you're really just going to be completing those wells as opposed to needing to drill them as well as complete with them? I mean, I guess, how should we be thinking about that at this point?
Dan Dinges: Michael, you -- and again, the way you model it and the way you probably have modeled it -- each year, we do have wells that we carry over. For example, from 2010 to 2011, we had drilling wells that we had in '10 that we carried over as completions in '11, and we have some carryout wells out of '11 into '12. But I think with your comment on the capital efficiency and working down the backlog in '12, Phil and his guys have been working on this 2012 program. And as we continue to improve our efficiencies, do those things that now we can start looking forward to improving on, I do anticipate our capital efficiency to improve. And I kind of think it is. So I know that might not answer your question directly, but I do anticipate working the backlog of wells off. But I also anticipate having a larger capital program up there that would allow us to stay, if you will, ahead of the game.
Michael Hall: That makes sense. And I guess, maybe as a follow up then, how would I think about or how do you think about kind of a normalized run rate, if you will, of wells in backlog like you said, obviously, you always carry some over year-to-year. Of that, whatever, 300 some odd stages in waiting on completion categories, what will be -- of that 300, what's kind of what do you think about as a normalized level? I mean, is it half of that you would normally always carry around with you, or is there any color on that?
Dan Dinges: Yes, let me throw out some numbers. A frac crew will -- and we're using rough numbers, a frac crew is going to deliver completed 60 to 70 stages a month. That's kind of a -- and that's probably full year, probably better in the summer, maybe not quite as good in the winter. So that would give you a little bit of a benchmark to use in trying to answer that number. But I think, looking at a backlog or an inventory something along half of what we're carrying right now might be a reasonable expectation.
Michael Hall: Okay, that's helpful. I appreciate it. And then, I guess, capital cost per well. Just what's the latest and greatest on how much these wells are costing, and have you seen any meaningful inflation? And I guess, any sort of update on the cost front?
Dan Dinges: We've been -- of course, we have on -- on the inflation side, we have locked in our services on an annualized basis. We are talking and looking at extended contracts into our 2012 program. But knowing our average cost per well very dependent upon the total lateral lane and the number of stages, and we have not seen a great deal of difference in those costs. I would anticipate, at some point in time, to gain efficiencies with keeping a rig, maybe on location, a little bit longer to drill more wells on location adds efficiencies versus drilling maybe 1 or 2 wells per pad. I think we're gaining efficiencies on our construction of our pad sites. We're recycling 100% of our flowback water and also our drill water now. And we're reusing that, so that is creating some efficiencies for us. And we're looking out the logistics of moving water up there which is a fairly big cost to improve on those types of logistics. So we're doing things to keep the cost as they are or in fact reduce the cost up there. So our cost per well, per stage, if you will, has not changed dramatically.
Michael Hall: Okay. And then, I guess, just 2 quick ones. In terms of the deployment of the monetizations, what -- I guess, of that 340 -- I mean, is it maybe half of that gets deployed this year? Any additional color there?
Dan Dinges: Yes, I would say that would be a decent number to look at.
Michael Hall: Okay. And then just lastly, just curious, any comments on what you paid for the acreage in the Marmaton in a kind of per acre basis? What's the run rate there?
Dan Dinges: No.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Biju Perincheril with Jefferies.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Couple of questions. So the income of wells in the Marcellus of I think 15 to 20 you mentioned, that's all from efficiency gains on the drilling front? You're not -- you're still keeping the 5-rig program this year, right?
Dan Dinges: Right. Yes, we have -- and the 10 to 15 is the kind of the number, Biju, that we're looking at.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And I just want to make sure I got this correct, the 5 wells that you completed in the quarter, did you say that the combined 30-day rate was 140 million cubic feet a day?
Dan Dinges: No, the 5 wells came online, each of them over 20 million a day for an IP 24-hour rate. And if you combine what those wells we're producing on the 30-day rate, that rate for those 5 wells total combined is 100 million cubic foot per day.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: 100. Okay. And what were the lateral lengths in frac stages on those wells?
Dan Dinges: They were -- they varied but they were anywhere from 16 to -- or 15 to 21. And yes, so you can do the numbers on the frac stages.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then, the Springville pipeline, you mentioned the construction has begun on some stages. Does that need any additional permits at this point, or has William secured all the necessary permits?
Dan Dinges: I'll let Jeff comment.
Jeffrey Hutton: My understanding is there's still a couple of outstanding programs to be obtained. I know that the status of those are kind of any day now. But the good news is that construction crews are out and everything is mobilized and just waiting on the last signatures on a couple of permits.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then once you have those permits secured, the last bit, do you know how many days will it take to complete? What are the remaining phases of construction?
Jeffrey Hutton: Well, like we mentioned earlier, we're anticipating production in our guidance around December 1. And Williams can probably give you a better update on exactly the in-service date, but that's what we're remodeling.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then one last question around these longer lateral wells that you're drilling. I know not every well are going to be -- that you'll be drilling will be at 15 to 20 stages, but can you just sort of talk about how you're thinking about EUR expectations for these more recent wells that's flowing on the laterals?
Dan Dinges: Yes. Our 2010 program was basically an average of 14 stages per well. And then as we drive our 10 Bcf EUR expectation, we have more data on our 2010 wells in the production. And honestly, the decline curves. And we've been very pleased with what we've seen on the curve fit compared to our 10 Bcf EUR. Our 2011 program, we anticipate the average number of stages to be somewhere between 15 and 16 stages as an average on our '11 program. So I can't and do not have the information to make and speculate on the EUR prediction for our 2011 program. The only thing I will say is that on a per stage basis, and seeing the consistency that we've seen from the wells that we've completed, we have been very pleased. And we don't have a large delta between in the detailed way we assess production on a stage basis.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen with Lazard Capital Markets.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Dan, question on -- following up on the completions per stage, what do you think is a good sustained rate, say, over 30, 60 days to model production per stage?
Dan Dinges: Well, I don't know, I'm not going to break it down that low, but the 5 wells that we brought on, all good wells -- and we're, mid year, we already wells that brought on in '10. I mean, in '11, we're kind of our wells that we completed that were 2010 wells that we completed in 2011, those were early wells we brought on. And now we're getting to drilling and completing some of our 2011 wells, and these 5 wells that we brought on were some of the early wells in our program. And we're seeing, again, consistent results on a per stage basis and we're seeing anywhere from 800,000 to 1 million plus per stage.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. And then in terms of the rate of drilling, do you have a similar metric in terms of, you said, 60, 70 stages per month. In terms of how many wells you drill for the month per rig, just a broad estimate on that
Dan Dinges: Yes I'm going to let Phil Stalnaker respond to that.
Phillip Stalnaker: On a per rig basis, for a 12-month period, we're looking at 14 to 15 wells per rig.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Per year?
Phillip Stalnaker: Per year. So a little over a well per month.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. And the final one I had was any general guidance to your corporate base decline rate?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have not, and I'm going to turn it over to Steve Lindeman to fill that, Eric. But to kind of cover for him a little bit, I'm sure he hasn't incorporated now, our total decline from the sale of our Rockies. But I'll let him take a shot at it.
Steven Lindeman: Eric, we only, again, evaluate our reserves at year end. So like Dan said, we haven't incorporated the Rockies sale into picture. But I would say we're kind of in maybe 10% to 12% decline rate, would be my guess.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: And that's on a corporate level for all your production?
Steven Lindeman: On a corporate level, right.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay, then it might be a little higher now with the Rockies, is that fair to say because that was pretty mature production or...
Steven Lindeman: That's correct. The Rockies had a fairly flat decline.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Robert Christensen with Buckingham Research.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: A couple of questions on Marmaton, if I might. When did you begin the science in-house on this, and when was the leasing taking place?
Dan Dinges: Robert, we began looking at this a little over 2 years ago.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay, very good. Another question, if I might. The percentage of non-op in these upcoming wells in the Marmaton that you have?
Dan Dinges: I'm going to let Matt Reid, our South Region VP, to answer that.
James Reid: Robert, it's got a wide variation. It's anywhere from about 3% to 30%.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And may I ask who the operator might be in most instances?
James Reid: I'll say it's a very prominent player in that particular area in Beaver County. Let's put it that way.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And if I might, again, continuing on, of the 6 to 9 non-op wells, are any of them going to have longer laterals than your Wildcat?
James Reid: Well, we don't know yet. We haven't seen any of these of for those wells as of yet. The one well that is now being tested or drilling will have one similar to our well.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And if I just might press on a little bit, I believe you've mentioned upfront, Dan, that you had another oil or liquids-rich idea in your corporation and when would testing of that, when will we see a Wildcat on that new idea?
Dan Dinges: Well, I appreciate you asking that Robert. But on those type of projects that as you can appreciate, the competitive aspects of any liquids idea. I know timing doesn't disclose any or a lot of information, but we would prefer to talk about the information after we have secured data versus speculating on timing.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I perfectly expect that. If I might ask one more, and that is -- I've lost my thread, if I come back, I'll get back in the queue. I've lost what my question was.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Carver with Capital One.
Marshall Carver - Capital One Southcoast, Inc.: Just a question on the well clause. You talked about how they haven't changed, but I just wanted to make sure I had it right in my model. What would you add up to -- what would a 15 to 16 stage well cost drilling complete right now
Dan Dinges: $6.5 million to $7 million.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, there are no additional questions in the queue.
Dan Dinges: All right. Thank you, Stephanie. And thank all of you who have joined us and stuck with the call up to this point. The takeaways, just to kind of reiterate, I think we've done a decent job on keeping our capital discipline. And like our guidance, increasing even in light of asset sales and the redeployment of the capital into our key areas in the Marcellus, Eagleford and Marmaton is going to set us up well for year-end reserves and also early in increased expectations in '12 for production. I'm very pleased that we're going to have a Bcf capacity takeaway within a year from today and in 2012, with Matt and Phil staying here. And I'm sure the numbers are going to give us, so we can talk to the board that will show reserve growth, production growth. And I would imagine and that it's going to be certainly within a cash flow neutral program and most likely a cash flow positive program in 2012. And certainly, I couldn't ask any more from the team. I appreciate your interest. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-06 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Paul Korus - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Burford -  F. Merelli - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President James Shonsey - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Joseph Albi - Executive Vice President of Operations
Analysts: Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. John Freeman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Molly, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cimarex First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mark Burford. You may begin your conference.
Mark Burford: Thank you very much, Molly. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. We did issue our financial and operating results news release this morning, a copy of which can be found on our website. I will point you to the end of this news release which discloses our forward-looking statements disclaimer. And we will be making forward-looking statements on today's call. Here in Denver we have Mick Merelli, Chairman and CEO; Joe Albi, Executive Vice President of Operations; Paul Korus, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jim Shonsey, Vice President and Controller. Unfortunately today, Tom Jorden is not available. He's traveling today, so he won't be with us covering the details of the call here in Denver. But we'll go ahead. We've got quite a bit of information to cover, so I'll go ahead and jump into the call and turn the call over to Mick Merelli.
F. Merelli: Thanks, Mark, and thank all of you all for joining us here today on the call. To add a little bit of color to what Mark has said about Tom, he had his -- he promised, I guess, his family he'd take them someplace on his anniversary. So as far as I know, he's headed back to Denver from someplace like Fiji or something here this weekend. And so we'll have him back working next week. Our net income totaled $118.2 million or $1.37 a share for the quarter. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $305 million. Our daily production average, 590 million cubic feet equivalent per day this quarter, it was comprised of 328 million cubic feet a day of gas and 43,735 barrels per day of liquids. So that works out 50% -- 56% gas and 44% liquids using a 6:1 conversion.  On a revenue basis, 32% of the revenues were from gas, while liquids accounted for 68% of the revenues. Production was up 1% over last year and flat with the fourth quarter. Joe's going to cover our production in more detail, but I want to point out just a couple of things. First of all, you know that we had some weather issues, us and many other companies. We had weather issues in the Permian and the Mid-Continent that hurt our production this quarter. But also influencing some of our production was an increased backlog of uncompleted wells. Joe will be addressing this later, but just what's really happened is we have about 31 wells waiting on completion. That's a little bit bigger backlog than what we're used to seeing. And one of the reasons for that is it's kind of a combination of 2 things. It's a combination in a couple of our project areas, both in Cana and in the Permian, where we have larger project areas. We tend to frac a well and we tweaked the frac, and then we decide did it work or not and what else will we do on the next one. Sometimes it kind of slows us down.  But what really slowed us down in addition to that was this year, we tried to -- we recognized that there was a potential for some improvement by using slow flow. The problem with slow flow is that it takes us longer to figure out whether or not the way we treat the fracs are working. So anyway, a combination of those things slowed us down and got us into a backlog. I think they feel pretty good about what they're -- where they're at with their frac jobs now, and they're going to pick up the pace next quarter. In the Gulf Coast, production adds from our drilling program are also delayed in quarter one. We drilled some dry holes and we drilled some producers. And our problem there is we never -- when we drilled and when we start the wells, we never know which way they're going to be. So it worked out that the main well's a dry hole, so it was one of the first wells we drilled. In addition to that, we took our rig, we had a mechanical problem at Jefferson Airplane, so we moved our rig over and sidetracked an existing producing well and took the rig out of our drilling order. I think Joe will be talking a little bit about the fact that we're going to add a couple of rigs and maybe go up to -- well, we will go up to 3 rigs in the Gulf Coast. In terms of our future forecast, we're forecasting solid production growth on both the Permian and Mid-Continent. And of course this will -- we still have Gulf Coast declines that we'll have to overcome. I guess -- I'll try to be a little brief here and turn this over to Joe. But really what we track and what we focus on so much is the drilling program and whether what kind of return we're getting on that program. Our first quarter capital investment was $337 million. It was funded out of our cash flow and cash on hand. That program looks very solid to us in terms of the return and the quality of the wells that we drilled.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Joe, and he can kind of take over for some of the stuff that Tom usually talks about, the production stuff that he normally talks about. Joe?
Joseph Albi: Thank you, Mick, and again thank you all for joining us today. As Mick mentioned, with Tom out of the pocket, I'll cover not only our operations update, but I'll hit on this year's joint program and capital as well as I go through and integrate the 2 reports we typically give you. Our first quarter production came in as anticipated, with average reported net equivalent production of 590 million a day. We came in just about at the midpoint of our guidance, which was 582 million to 602 million. As expected, our Q1 production was impacted to the tune of 10 million to 15 million a day from our early February weather-related shut-ins as well as about 4 million a day from our late 2010, early 2011 property sales.  Despite the weather delays, we saw year-over-year total company production gains with our Q1 '11 production of 590 million a day beating our Q1 '10 production of 584.5 million a day by 4.5 million a day. When comparing Q1 '11 to Q1 '10, a combined year-over-year production gain of 46 million a day from the Permian and Mid-Continent more than offset the sharp 41 million a day drop that we forecasted and actually saw in the Gulf Coast. Approximately 2/3 of our weather-related downtime occurred in the Permian. And despite the downtime, our Permian Q1 '11 average equivalent basis of 174 million a day was up 12% or 20 million a day from our Q1 '10 average of 154 million a day. All the while our Q1 '11 Mid-Continent average of 266 million a day was up 11% or 26 million a day from our Q1 '10 average of 239 million a day. As I just mentioned, the combined 46 million a day year-over-year increases in the Permian and the Mid-Continent, they offset the 41 million decline or 22% drop that we did anticipate and saw in the Gulf Coast, which fell from 190 million a day in Q1 '10 to 149 million a day in Q1 '11. The bottom line to our Q1 production is that despite the weather interruptions, the Permian and Mid-Continent programs continue to exhibit the consistent production growth that we've seen quarter to quarter, and they offset the decline that we saw in the Gulf Coast. This has been a pretty consistent story for us now for about a year and will likely be the same story here in Q2 with our Gulf Coast area net daily equivalent production projected to drop from levels of 149 million a day in Q1 to levels of 100 to 105 million a day in Q2.  Our high cash flow and high rate of return Gulf Coast program inherently brings a variable of uncertainty in the timing of production adds and drops. And we've seen these ups and downs in the Gulf Coast over the last few years. But as I'll go into in more detail, the real catalyst for Cimarex's long-term production growth is our multi-year inventory of projects in the Permian and Mid-Continent. We've seen nice production gains in both of these programs, and we expect it to continue. Well, let me jump into our exploration and drilling activity before ending with some additional comments on our production and our guidance. Overall, we drilled and completed 65 gross or 35 net wells during the first quarter, investing $337 million. Of total Q1 capital, 50% was invested in projects located in the Mid-Continent, 46% in the Permian and 4% in the Gulf Coast.  I'll briefly touch on each of the regions, and I'll start here first with the Permian. During Q1, we drilled and completed 26 gross or 19.7 net wells in the Permian and at quarter end, 18 net wells were waiting on completion, up from the 10 net wells that we had at year end. While Mick touched on this a little bit earlier, more so in the case in the Permian with our accelerated activity, a tight market for frac equipment and the bad February weather really slowed down our completion activity here near the end of Q1. As we stated in our last call, we were hopeful to see signs of the market loosening up a bit here into Q2, and we certainly have. We firmed up solid plans to add at least 3 additional fleets to the Permian in the May-June timeframe to catch up on our backlog with a minimum of 5 frac crews working in the area by the end of Q2. We contemplating a sixth. Our current frac schedule calls for us to significantly reduce our backlog of wells, waiting on completion here by the end of Q3.  Our Permian E&D capital totaled $154 million in Q1. That represents about 46% of our total company Q1 capital. For the full year, we're expecting to invest $700 million to $750 million in the Permian, which will represent about 50% to 55% of our total 2011 capital budget. As I mentioned previously, we continue to see solid production growth in the Permian. Our Q1 '11 production averaged 174 million a day equivalents, which on a BOE basis equates to 28,954 BOE per day, so 12% increase over Q1 '10. And the real driver of that growth has been our New Mexico second and third Bone Spring horizontal oil plays. We continue to see great results from these programs. During Q1, we drilled and completed 8 gross or 4 net wells with another 11 gross or 7.7 net wells waiting on completion. By year end, we expect to drill a total of 60 gross or 39 net wells in the play, investing nearly $200 million. Since we kicked off the play in mid-2009, we've drilled and completed a total of 36 wells. And those 36 wells gave us a first quarter gross exit rate of 6,800 BOE per day, which was up from 0 not quite 2 years ago. Our absolute EURs for the wells that we drilled and completed is 570,000 BOE, and that's comprised of 416,000 barrels of oil and 920 million cubic feet of gas, virtually the same number we've been quoting to you all for months now. With these reserves, the 570,000 Mboe or 570,000 BOE, we're seeing very attractive rates of return. But our economics continue to be squeezed just a bit as compared to last year. Although we've seen some overall cost ability over the last 3 months, drilling and completion costs have moved up from last year primarily as a result of our increased frac costs.  Our generic second Bone Spring completed well now runs around $4.8 million to $5.2 million and that's up 20% to 30% from last year. But even with this cost creep, this play continues to be a great play for us. And we have a deep, multi-year inventory of future drilling opportunities. Shifting gears a bit, I have a few comments on our emerging Delaware Basin/Wolfcamp shale play. As we previously mentioned, this is a play which covers a very large potential area from southern Eddy County, New Mexico, down south into Culberson and Reeves Counties in West Texas. As most of you know, most of our activity to date has been focused right in and around the state line. During Q1, we drilled and completed 2 gross or 2 net Wolfcamp shale wells in the area, bringing our total completed, I'll call play concept well count to 8 producers. We have another 5 gross or 5 net wells which are waiting on completion and pipeline connections at quarter end. And we're currently working on infrastructure and markets for these 5 wells and anticipate having them completed and online here by late Q2, early Q3. One of the 2 wells that we drilled during Q1 was located in our White City area in Eddy County, New Mexico, and the other was a reentry further south in Reeves County, Texas. Our results continue to be encouraging, but we're still in the very early stages of evaluating the play. We currently have 3 wells drilling in the play with AFEs to drill and complete running in the $6.5 million to $7 million range. Today we seen no additional information which would have us depart from the average play production statistics we previously provided you. And those were an average equivalent 30-day IP of about 6 million a day composed of 50% gas, 32% natural gas liquids and 18% oil.  We a great acreage position in the play. It totals 125,000 net acres. Not only do we see the acreage as perspective in the Wolfcamp, which by itself has significant potential to Cimarex, but we also have exposure to the Avalon Shale and the Cisco/Canyon shales as well. Although our early emphasis has been on the Wolfcamp, we do have wells planned in the Q2, Q3 timeframe to test both the Avalon and the Cisco/Canyon intervals. By year end, we expect to drill a total of 25 to 30 wells in the play, and end the year with a 2011 drilling investment of approximately $200 million in the play. As you all know, the Permian is a hot area right now. Competition is fierce and costs are rising. Our plans are to continue to aggressively move forward, and we'll maintain a strong focus like we always have on rate of return and continue to test our economics with sensitivities using flat price stats to hydrate our portfolios. We have a great land position in the Permian. The basin's an integral part of our ongoing business, as you all know. We have a solid multi-year inventory of future drilling opportunities on our existing acreage. And you'll see us continue to add acreage when and where we can, only as long as it continues to make sense. The Permian team has done a great job of picking up activity and developing the program. We're really excited about its momentum and what the program brings to the table. Moving onto the Mid-Continent, during Q1 we drilled and completed 37 gross or 13.2 net wells in the area. And at quarter end, we had 32 gross or 13 net wells in the process of either being completed or awaiting completion. The majority of wells waiting on completion were in Cana. And similar to our plans in the Permian, we firmed up the addition of another fleet this month to catch up on our backlog of completions. With 2 frac crews working Cana starting here in May, our current frac schedule calls for us to significantly reduce backlog of our completions by the end of Q3. Our Mid-Continent E&D capital in the first quarter totaled $169 million or about 50% of our total company Q1 capital. And for the full year, we expect to invest $500 million to $550 million in the Mid-Continent, representing approximately 40% of our anticipated total company capital spending. As we've mentioned, our first quarter 2011 Mid-Continent production averaged $266 million a day. That's up 11% over our first quarter. And a main driver to this growth is our Cana/Woodford Shale play, which as most of you all know is in the Anadarko Basin. In Cana, we've drilled and completed 31 gross or 9.6 net wells. And at quarter end, we had 29 gross or 11.1 net wells waiting on completion. We currently have 9 and soon to be 10 here in June operated rigs working in Cana and we're drilling one well per section. We still anticipate being a bit over a year away from initiating our down spacing development, but we wanted to continue to evaluate optimal spacing and as a result, we've begun a 2-well pilot to help further evaluate spacing, which we hope here to have completed in the Q2, Q3 timeframe. Outside of that, we'll continue to drill on the core and on the peripheral of the bill to continue to further develop and test the play. Our generic Cana AFEs for the shallow and core areas have stayed somewhat flat over the last 3 months at levels of $7.5 million to $8.5 million, but they are up approximately 10% to 15% from the well cost that we saw in early to mid-2010. We're still leasing and hydrating our land position in Cana and hold a very strong land position with over 135,000 net acres, 70,000 of which we believe are located directly in the core. Cana continues to be a great play for us. We're very proud of it, and it's moving forward very nicely. In other areas of the Mid-Continent outside of Cana, we drilled 5 gross or 2.8 net wells during Q1, with 3 gross or 1.8 net wells located in Hemphill County, Texas, and 2 gross or 1.2 net wells located in Custer County, Oklahoma.  Two of our significant Hemphill County Granite Wash successes include our George 17-5H, in which we hold a 61% working interest, which came on during the quarter with a 30-day IP of 8.6 million a day. And our George 17-6H in which we also hold a 61% working interest, and it came on at 8 million a day. Of significant note, Custer County was the successful drilling of our Kephart 1-4, our Hogs bar or Hogshooter test, in which we hold a 91% interest. It came on with a 30-day IP of over 1,000 BOE per day, 71% of which was oil. Moving on to the Gulf Coast, during Q1 we drilled 2 gross or 1.8 net wells, testing the Kirby and the Yegua/Cook Mountain series, one of which was successful. Our first 2011 test, our Two Sisters #3 well in which we own 100%, was successfully completed in early January. And it came on at rates of approximately 9 million a day and 1,600 barrels of oil per day. Our second 2011 Gulf Coast test, as Mick mentioned, our Manion #2 was a dry hole. Our Gulf Coast E&D Capital in Q1 totaled 13 million or about 4% of our total Q1 capital. And for the full year, we expect to invest $100 million in the Gulf Coast program or about 8% of our total company capital.  We have a variety of identified remaining 3D prospects, a good mix of larger higher-risk projects and smaller lower-risk projects. Our original 2011 Gulf Coast plan called for us to run with a one-rig program and possibly add a second rig line from time to time during the year. But as Mick alluded to, we're stepping up the pace of our Gulf Coast program by adding a second rig in the next few weeks and a third rig here in June. To the extent the prospects that we have are non-contingent, you'll see us get them drilled as soon as we can. And as such, depending on our success, will either see us end the year with 3 rigs or not. I'll cover some of the other Gulf Coast items as I go over our second quarter and full year production guidance. When discussing second quarter full year '11 guidance, I think it's important to touch on a couple of factors which have implicated our guidance. First is our backlog of Permian and Cana wells waiting on frac. Mick touched on 2 factors really playing a role here, and I'll reiterate them. One was our desire to test and understand various completion techniques, and the other was a tight market for frac equipment. As you may recall, starting in the latter part of 2010, we purposely had a backlog of completions in Cana due simply to our desire to test and understand various completion techniques in order to optimize our completions. Post completion production performance, which is in essence time, is needed to evaluate results. Compounding that time necessary to evaluate are those instances where slow flow techniques are used to flow wells back. Well, 6 months down the road now we're feeling more confident about the completion designs we're utilizing in Cana and in the Permian oil plays and we're ready to speed things up. To do so, we firmed up the addition of at least 4 additional frac fleets to the 3 existing fleets we had working in Q1. With additional fleets scheduled to show up in the May, June timeframe, our current frac schedule calls for us to make a good dent in the backlog by the end of Q3, with forecasted associated production uplift beginning in late Q2 and into Q3. Secondly, as you all are aware, success in our Gulf Coast program can create significant periodic swings on our production, both up and down. As we've said before, predicting the timing and success of these 50% to 60% COS high-rate wells will play a sensitive role in our guidance projections, especially in the case of the single rig program where a well either hits or it doesn't. Third, the need to cut back on our existing Gulf Coast Beaumont area producers to protect them against sand flow has impacted our production as well. In our Jefferson Airplane area, despite cutting back the wells, by the end of the first quarter 3 of our 4 operated wells had ceased production. With this being a competitive reservoir, we made the decision to sidetrack our Jefferson Airplane #2 well with a rig we had working in the 2011 Gulf Coast inventory. We just recently submitted pipe on the Jefferson Airplane #2 sidetrack earlier this week, which frees up the rig to get back to work on our 2011 inventory. Our Gulf Coast program is now delayed, hence us adding 2 rigs to the program: one in May and the other planned for June. And finally, in addition to the 2 rigs we plan to add in the Gulf Coast, we have plans to add additional rigs in the Permian and the Mid-Continent, which should bring our anticipated rig count to 30 rigs in the Q2, Q3 timeframe. So with accelerated activity, both in rigs and completions, we expect continued strong production growth in the Permian and Mid-Continent during the second quarter with anticipated increases of 5% to 10% from reported levels in Q1. With the production cutbacks and delays we've mentioned in the Gulf Coast however, our Gulf Coast volumes are expected to drop 45 million to 50 million a day or 30% to 33% from Q1 to Q2, but it's a drop our Permian and Mid-Continent programs are projected to overcome, and hence our flat guidance of 580 to 600 here for the second quarter. Looking at our full year 2011 guidance, we expect continued strong production growth in the Permian and the Mid-Continent during Q3 and Q4, projecting approximate year-over-year production growth of 15% to 25% in these areas. Our current modeling predicts our 2011 Gulf Coast volumes will exhibit a year-over-year drop of $62 million a day or 35% from an average of $174 million a day in 2010 to $112 million a day here in 2011. However, our strong Permian and Mid-Continent production growth is projected to continue to more than offset that Gulf Coast decline, resulting in our revised guidance of 605 to 635 million a day, a range which equates to 2% to 7% production growth over our 2010 average of 596 million a day. The bottom line to our quarter is this: Nothing's changed in the way we think or what we do. We continue to stay focused on maximizing our return on investment through deliberate evaluation and execution. We have high cash flow, no significant debt, a deep inventory of drilling projects in each one of our core areas. We're seeing Q1 and Q2 production impacted by weather, production cutbacks in the Gulf Coast and delayed production adds in our Gulf Coast program, but we're teed up for production growth in the latter half of this year. We have an accelerated plan to catch up on our backlog of completions, and we've increased drilling activity in each one of our core areas. Most importantly, we have established momentum in our 2 long-term growth programs, the Permian and our Mid-Continent programs, the programs with deep multiyear inventories of drilling. And over time, the depth and consistent growth of these 2 programs will ultimately dominate the growth of our company. So with that, I'll turn it over to Paul.
Paul Korus: Thank you, Joe. I just want to cover a couple of things from the release and the numbers that we've gotten some questions about, one of which is our production costs for the quarter, which increased $3.8 million from the fourth quarter of 2010 when they were $54.7 million to $58.5 million in the first quarter. Not a particularly large increase, about 7%. With all the activity in the industry, particularly in the Permian Basin, now services are tighter, costs have increased. That's a portion of it. It's very hard to isolate. But more logically, I think you can see the impact of just where we have more liquids, particularly oil, in our overall production mix.  If you think about where we were a year ago, when our gas production was 390 million a day, and that was 67% of our overall production. Now our gas production is 327 million a day, and it represents only 56% of our production. So as we become [Audio Gap] we're dealing with wherever you produce oil, you produce water. Those pumps require power and fuel, so those are additional costs. We incur trucking costs for saltwater disposal, as well as disposal costs. So some of it is really just the invisible hand of the economics allocating our capital more towards oil projects versus gas projects, which are inherently much lower cost. Just anecdotally for instance, if you look just at our Cana production from the Cana wells, our production cost is only $0.13 in Mcfe. Whereas if you look at and dissect our production cost in the Permian Basin, which is 50% oil, our production cost is $1.66 per Mcfe. So you can see how the blending of more Permian base production is leading to the higher cost. Having said all that, our margin in the Permian Basin is by far in excess of our margin in Cana, which is predominantly gas. So the bad news is production costs are up a little bit because we have more Permian activity. The good news is we're making more money because our operating margins are much higher in the Permian than they are anywhere else in the company.  The other thing that's gotten some attention is our tax position for the quarter, where we essentially deferred 100% of our booked tax provision for the quarter. That's new. I think everyone's, of course, aware that part of the stimulus legislation that we have -- had passed is what's known as bonus depreciation, which essentially allows the capital cost for equipment to be 100% depreciated in the year in which they were put in service. So it's a large acceleration of depreciation. So essentially our equipment costs are being traded the same way as our intangible drilling costs are this year. So as a result of that and with a larger capital budget overall, we do not anticipate at the present time that we would have a Federal tax liability for the year. And hence, we deferred 100%.  Obviously, there are many moving parts in tax calculations, the biggest of which is revenue. So it's -- the prices for gas and oil, as they go up and down, could have an impact on that as we move forward. Lastly, I just want to add, for any of our debt holders on the line, I hope you noticed that we were upgraded by S&P here recently to BB+.  With that, operator, we would be happy to begin to entertain questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Freeman. [Raymond James & Associates]
John Freeman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: The Oklahoma Legislature recently approved the cost units facing Oklahoma. I'm curious if you have any plans in the Cana to do a 12 80 spaced long lateral well?
Joseph Albi: Yes, this is Joe Albi, John. In fact, Mark and I were talking about that this morning and expecting this question. We do have plans this year to test the concept in the southern part of Cana. And it probably won't be 12 80, just due to the sections that we'll be trying in. We don't see it as being something that we do in areas of the field that we've already developed on within a 640 with 5,000-foot laterals, but it is something we're also exploring.
John Freeman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then moving to the Gulf Coast. Just want to make sure that I understand what's going on. Obviously, the declines there have been well documented the past year. But this quarter, despite some of the issues you all had, the mechanical issues at Jefferson and et cetera, your production was actually virtually flat from the fourth quarter after going several quarters with declines. So I'm just trying understand the reason for, I guess, the big acceleration and the decline from first quarter to second quarter?
Joseph Albi: This again is Joe. It's a combination of a number of things. First off, we had a one-rig line schedule working the Gulf Coast. We had one successful well at the beginning of the year, our Two Sisters #3 well. It was by no means as big as any of the other Kirby wells that we had. So it was not as good a well, and it has a steeper potential decline. We had our Jefferson Airplane wells that were exhibiting sand problems, and not knowing if it was beyond the scope of that competitive reservoir. There's a number of straws being yanked into that thing by 3 of those operators, and we are not the first to be having oil trouble, I might add. But we've taken a kind of prudent, proactive approach on our other South Texas wells just to be sure. We're pitching back our wells as we feel they're entering a certain phase envelope in the reservoir from a fluid standpoint, and you're seeing a little bit of that. We've got -- I've got a list of them here -- 6, 7 wells that we pinched back during the course of January through March that represent about 36 million a day of cutbacks. And what, in essence that is doing is it's differing that production. So if you look at our modeling, you're going to see that our Gulf Coast with the webs that we're throwing on top of it, it's going to drop for about 145 million a day here in Q1 to Q2. And then it's going to hold 100 for about the rest of the year. And so -- so you see a little bit of a cutback and a push out, if you want to look at it that way.
F. Merelli: It's pretty simple. You just -- you decrease the rate and you decrease the rate of decline. And so we just -- it produces -- it can produce that over a longer period of time. So it's going to break that decline rate.
Joseph Albi: And it's really just prudent reservoir management. The Jefferson Airplane deal may have been a fact that you had 7, 8, 9, 10 straws yanking on that thing so hard. That thing lasted about 18 months and it was making over 100 million a day at one time.
John Freeman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes. I guess I was looking at it from the opposite standpoint. I actually was really impressed with your first quarter Gulf Coast production despite all the issues you just went over. The production did a lot better than I thought, given the declines you'd had in the prior quarters. So I guess I was just trying to figure out why the production held up so well in the first quarter with all of those problems. And like you said, the one Two Sisters #3 you brought online, it's wasn't that big of a well, relatively speaking, than what you all have done in the past. So I guess I was just trying to get more color on the actual quarter why it did so well. I was on the opposite end.
Joseph Albi: It did well from a rate standpoint, don't get me wrong. And we had the benefit of that well from early January, when it came on. So it's on most of the entire quarter. But it's not as big a reserve well.
John Freeman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then the last I had, I'll turn it to somebody else. The move to go from one rig in the Gulf Coast to 3 rigs, is that being driven by the prospects that you see or trying to offset some of these big decline issues that you're talking about right now?
James Shonsey: This is Jim. The way I'd answer that question would be I think we recognize we were behind. And the fact of the matter is we've either got projects that are either dependent or not dependent on another project. To the extent we have non-dependent projects, the sooner we get them done, the better. And it kind of smoothes out the volatility, if you want to call it that, in trying to project our guidance if you got 2 or 3 rig lines working. So it's simply a matter, in my mind, of accelerating those projects that we know we're going to drill anyway and just get them done this year
F. Merelli: And the other thing is, is that every time we drill a dry hole on the data set, we have to relook. Because we saw an anomaly, a seismic anomaly that we thought would produce. And it didn't. So they get a sonic log out of the dry hole and then they have to see what does that mean to that data set and what does it mean to the other prospects that we have out there. So that slows us up a little bit when we see one. We have to look at it and see if we can explain it. What does it mean to the other prospects? So it slowed us up a little bit. They looked at that, they've got a bunch of prospects out there, as Joe pointed out, that are non-contingent, and so we'll get in there and try to get them drilled now. But some of that delay is something and it depends on the reason that, seismically, what happened? What was the reason that the well didn't produce? And they have to take that apart and go through it. So every time we drill a dry hole, it kind of makes us look.
John Freeman - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Well, that's very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gil Yang with Bank of America.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: You talked about the Permian frac availability loosening up a little bit so you could lock in some more frac crews to reduce your backlog. Can you talk about the pricing that you saw on those incremental crews?
Joseph Albi: Yes, this is Joe again. We virtually are seeing about the same prices across the board. And I think it's just a matter of more equipment being available right now.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. So more equipment, but sort of flat price is what you're seeing?
Joseph Albi: Flat price. Where our frac costs are going up are when we're increasing stages or fluid or sand. And it has really nothing to do with vendor A being more than vendor B.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: All right. Going back to the Gulf Coast to the Two Sisters wells that you put on -- the 9 million, was that sort of a rate that you expected or above or below your expectations?
Joseph Albi: It's where we felt comfortable producing the well, given how the other wells have performed with regard to sand.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: But you didn't have a targeted expectation for that rig?
Joseph Albi: We targeted right around 10 or 11. So we held it there. And it was holding its own for a while, and we've recently pitched it back, as I mentioned, when it was going through its base.
F. Merelli: Another way to answer your question is that that well didn't look like a Jefferson Airplane, Kirby well -- it wasn't a thick Kirby. We weren't expecting one of those kinds of wells out of that well. So it was pretty much like we thought we'd find.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: How about the well that was the dry hole? What had you expected? Is that one of the bigger wells that you expected?
F. Merelli: We expected that we had a 40% chance of drilling a dry hole, and that's what we got. It probably would have been in the same kind of -- it wasn't. We weren't expecting big thick sands there. Those wells that come in for 9 to 10 million cubic feet a day and make all those of liquids and everything, they're tremendously economic, but they're just not quite as good as those other ones.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And this is the last question, your CapEx, you say, will be principally funded from cash flow. I sort of got the impression before that you are beginning to think that you would be willing to spend, I won't say a fair amount, but sort of meaningfully above cash flow. Are you beginning to rethink that maybe with the current commodity price volatility that you're seeing?
F. Merelli: Paul, you want to answer that? Go ahead.
Paul Korus: Well, where our expected cash flow is right now, plus the cash that we carried into the beginning of the year, we still think we can fund something in that 1.4 range. So we're okay.
F. Merelli: I think there's one thing that I need to clarify, and that is we like operating out of our cash flow, and it makes the drilling program look a lot better. And I have absolutely no reason -- if we find something we want to accelerate on, if we found some sort of deal out there that we liked, anything, we have such low leverage that that's really not any kind of a problem to us. And sometimes when I hear the question asked, I think that some people believe that we have some sort of rule around here that we're not going to expend our cash flow. And that's definitely not true. So it will depend on what we can get done. Now, frankly, it's booming along at about a $1.4 billion rate. We've got the organization stretched out pretty good. But if we find something that we really like, we'll extend that cash flow if we like the returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen. [Lazard Capital Market]
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: A question on the Cana. There's been some good results out of the northwest portion of the play. Just to refresh our memory, how much acreage do you have there? And any plans to start drilling more out there?
Mark Burford: Yes, Eric, this is Mark. Our acreage is -- we probably only have -- it's a small portion, about 135,000 total acres in that play, probably only 10 or so, it's totally off the cuff here, that's in that Northwest section. We have more of our extensional area. We have more in the south than we do the northwest.
F. Merelli: Yes, we have -- we were involved in an acreage buy up there, but the term of that acreage is kind of going out. And so I don't know what we have up there, but we're probably not going to get to it because I think a lot of it goes out in 2011. And so that northwest extension of the Cana project, as far as Cimarex is concerned, probably has its limitations.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Just back to the Gulf Coast really briefly. How many additional wells do you think you can get drilled with the additional 2 rigs there this year?
Mark Burford: This is Mark again. With that couple additional rigs, actually, we're already planning to have one rig and maybe 2 during the year for our original plan. They were scoped down with some of the sidetracking of the Jefferson Airplane well. That third rig actually keeps us on track for our original plan. So probably 10 to 12 wells this year, which we had not originally planned to do.
F. Merelli: The other thing, Eric, is that it'll be -- some of the -- a couple of these prospects could have development wells on them. So we don't know. We're just looking at them. But there's funny-looking thing that might accommodate 2 wells. So if we get into some of that, which we hope we do, then we'll get a little bit more done. But we don't know that until we get them drilled. So we're going to blast through the non-contingent part of the exploration program in the Gulf Coast, see what we got and go from there.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. And the last one I had is just on the additional rigs being added to the Permian and Mid-Continent. I was wondering if you could maybe break down one of those -- which plays those rigs might be going into. Is it an increase in rigs in the Bone Spring in the Permian, for example, or more Wolfcamp? And in the Mid-Continent, any additional rigs in the Granite Wash or over the Hogshooter?
Joseph Albi: This is Joe. You'll see us in the Permian. This is just higher level. Probably we'll be back up in the Paddock area. We're going to dedicate some rig activity to the Wolfcamp shale obviously in the Culberson area in Reeves County, as well as in the Culberson County. And then the third Bone Spring in Warwick in West Texas. So those are really the bigger areas. We do have some rigs that we're slating for saltwater disposal projects, to kind of follow-up on what Paul was talking about. Our saltwater disposal cost represented about $0.10 per Mcfe. And we've now got enough production out there we can justify the drilling if necessary and dedicate some rig activity there, too.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then in the Mid-Continent, is it additional rigs in Cana? Or will you be accelerating now in maybe the Hemphill County or...
Joseph Albi: We're going to add one more rig to Cana and probably an additional rig in the Texas Panhandle. And we'll probably throw a rig at Southern Oklahoma.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Lively with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just thinking about the Hogshooter. Do you have -- what is the acreage position that you have specifically over the Hogshooter?
Mark Burford: This is Mark. We talked a little bit about what the team sees as net acres in that area. It's a pretty small amount, but they think they have something like maybe 4,000 net acres or something. But it looks very encouraging as far as economics. That first well was a good well, but as far as extension of running room, it's not that great for us.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then -- you guys have been very gracious on the thoughts on the Gulf Coast and I think I got a little confused. What is the current rate of the Gulf Coast?
Joseph Albi: Today, we're running around 100 million a day.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: About 100 million a day. So that fed into your comments on restricting the rates on the wells and getting that 50%, 60% annual decline to smooth out a bit, and so that's why you came down and you kind of flatlined it through the rest of the year. Is that a way to think about it?
Joseph Albi: That's our hope, that's our current model. Of note, you'll notice that our full year guidance -- I think this is important -- a little statistic to throw out there. Our full year guidance dropped 10 million a day, midpoint to midpoint. Our Gulf Coast projection is 20 million a day below where we thought it would be when we first put out our guidance. So the Permian and the Mid-Continent have made up an additional 10 above and beyond what we had forecasted at the beginning of the year.
F. Merelli: And it's because we can't forecast it's sanding up and a lot of those other things that happened. We've got a lot of -- those are great wells and we love them, but they're hard to predict.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: And given the competitive drainage situation, why can't you and the other guys that are producing do some type of unitization to not damage the reservoir? Or how does that work?
F. Merelli: Because we're competitors. And we like it that way.
Joseph Albi: Mick's answer was we're competitors. And the fact of the matter is that would be very difficult to build it. It started off as a war and it kind of ended as a war, but the irony is the last guy standing will probably be the winner. And a lot of us...
F. Merelli: Yes. Your suggestion is absolutely on point. But in practicality, in that part of the world, it doesn't happen. People just line up and compete.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: So the rate at which you produce this reservoir, given the condensate yields, if you pull too hard it won't lower the overall recovery factor?
F. Merelli: Not significantly. The thing that you can tell about what we're saying that we're concerned about and we have little devices that listen for sand grains, the problem is, is that sometime we get instead of one sand grain, we get a couple of yards of sand. But that's the problem. At sometime, and for whatever reasons, a lot of people have seen in that part of the world when that pressure comes down and you're at high rates, you can start moving that sand.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
Mark Burford: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today on the conference call. We'll look forward to reporting back to you again another quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-17 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Burford - Director of Capital Markets Thomas Jorden - Executive Vice President of Exploration F. Merelli - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President James Shonsey - Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President and Controller Joseph Albi - Executive Vice President of Operations Paul Korus - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
Analysts: Jeffrey Robertson - Barclays Capital Derrick Whitfield - Canaccord Genuity Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch David Deckelbaum - UBS Investment Bank Mitchell Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Ronny Eisemann - JP Morgan Chase & Co Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc. Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cimarex Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings and Operations Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Mark Burford, Vice President of Capital Markets and Planning, you may begin.
Mark Burford: Thank you very much, Michelle. I appreciate everyone joining us today on the fourth quarter conference call. We did issue our financial and operating results for you this morning, a copy of which can be found in our website. We have also posted a presentation today for the year-end results, which is also on our Presentation tab, which I'll refer you to on that as well, which we might refer to from time to time on today's call. I'll also warn you that we'll be making forward-looking statements in this call, and please see the end of our press release for our disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements. Today here in Denver on the call we have Mick Merelli, Chairman and CEO; Tom Jorden, Executive Vice President of Exploration; Joe Albi, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Paul Korus, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jim Shonsey, Vice President and Controller here in Denver.  We have a lot to cover today, so I'll go ahead and just turn the call over to Mick Merelli.
F. Merelli: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'm going to be brief so that we can get to Tom and Joe and Paul, part of the presentation, which is really the meat of it. 2010 was under almost any measure was just an outstanding year for Cimarex. We invested $1 billion in our exploration and development drilling program. We drilled over 200 gross wells. We grew our reserves 23%. We added 560 Bcfe from extensions, discoveries and revisions. We replaced 258% of our production. We had record production of 596 million cubic feet a day equivalent. So that was a 29% production growth over 2009.  It was a great year. We had good results out of all of our regions, and we accomplished this out of essentially our cash flow, which is when you put all of that together, I don't know how you'd call it anything, but just a really good year. As we, again, I promise you I'd be brief, so we can get to the guys that can really put the meat on the bones here.  As we look into in 2011, we go into 2011 with the deepest inventory of drillable locations that we've ever had. It's a diverse inventory between essentially gas and oil, but it's a multi-year identified drilling inventory. So as we look into 2011, we have a lot of flexibility. The inventory, combined with our financial strength, allows us to do a lot of things. As we go through the year, we may be adjusting from one area to another, but we'll have the flexibility, I think, to do that. We feel very strongly that we're going to get our at least our cash flow down in 2011, and that's barring any big commodity surprise. But even with the commodity surprise, we'll just have to see how it all goes. We look forward to the year. It's going to be a very active year for us. With that, I think I'm just going to turn it over to Tom to kick this thing off, and so the boys can get going on the detailed presentation. Tom?
Thomas Jorden: Thank you, Mick. For those of you that are following along with our PowerPoint that's posted on our website, I'm going to pick this up at Slide 7, and we'll be using the slides to kind of guide my remarks. As Slide 7 shows, it shows our major core operating areas, and most of you who are familiar with our story are quite familiar with this. The selling point in this slide is our reserve increase. 2010 end-year reserves we're showing 1.88 Tcf equivalent. Out of that, 85% is Mid-Continent, 30% is Permian. Our 2010 fourth quarter production is 75% in Mid-Continent and Permian, and that's nicely illustrated by the slide.  Moving on to Slide 8, you see our breakdown of exploration and development capital for 2010 and 2011, and this kind of shows that the major slices of our exploration capital pie, exploration and development, our Mid-Continent and Permian, they accounted for roughly 87% of our 2010 capital and will be well over 90% of our 2011 capital. One of the selling point is if you're referring to Slide 8 as you compare 2010 to 2011, I think it's fairly obvious we are picking up the pace in the Permian. Clearly, from a drilling standpoint, releasing standpoint, from an emphasis standpoint, the Permian is our growth arena for 2011. As Mick said, we have a nice mix of opportunities teed up not only for 2011, but for years ahead of us, and the nice thing about that inventory is it's diversified, we can speed up or slow down depending on commodity pricing, our own cash flow and also our results in service cost. So very nice outlook into in 2011, but the selling point is that the Permian is clearly our growth area for 2011.  Well, let's focus on the Permian moving to Slide 9. This is just a little summary slide, showing some statistics of where we are in the Permian. Our reserves are up from 2009 to 2010. Our production is up, but the thing I'll focus you on is our acreage is up. We added roughly 70,000 net acres over the last couple of years. Certainly, bulk of that is 2010 addition, and that was centered around a couple of key projects, and we're going to discuss that in a little more detail.  Another selling point on Slide 9 is our 2011 capital all in is projected to be a little over $700 million. Depending on where our total budget falls, that will probably be somewhere between 55% and 60% of our total capital. So we're looking forward to a very active year in 2011, certainly, with the Permian being our most active arena. Moving on to Slide 10. I want to focus you into our Permian program. This is a slide that shows Southeast New Mexico and kind of far Northwest Texas. As we said, we have a very small strong land position with that 448,000 net acres. And that's spread over several different plays, and we certainly emphasized that in the past and I'd like to emphasize it now. We have our Abo horizontal play. We have our Bone Spring horizontal oil play. And then one of the things that we'd like to introduce is our unconventional play that really cuts from Eddy County down into Ward, Loving, Reeves County, Texas. It's a fairly significant fairway. It's a lot of real estate. We have about 125,000 net acres in that fairway, and it's multiple objective. We really got into this area -- we've been playing around here for a few years. Have tested some concepts, and we now have some results that we think are significant, and we'd like to discuss them with you. The plays down there are threefold. We have our Penn Shale or what we call our Cisco/Canyon, we have our Wolfcamp objective and we have the Avalon Shale, which is certainly gotten most of the attention out of the industry in the last couple of years. We have two to four rigs running depending on when you quarry us on our White City, Culberson County area and three rigs down in Reeves, Ward Winkler County. I'll come back to that with a little bit of detail.  Moving on to Slide 11, I'd just like to introduce the geological framework before we talk in detail about these objectives. The Delaware Basin is a rather broad pressure basin. Slide 11 shows a little 3D rendering that's on the top of the Wolfcamp structure. You can see Eddy and Lea County form there. You can see Culberson County. Our acreage is overlaid in yellow, and you can see that we have some shale plays and then the sediments are shed into the deep basin. So it's a variety of targets from sands along the shelf to more shaly, carbonated-rich sequences in the deep basin. Moving on to Slide 12, I'll kind of focus on some of these unconventional plays. We've been playing this arena, as I said, for a few years. 2010 is really our breakthrough year testing the Wolfcamp. We have drilled now -- in aggregate, we have drilled eight horizontal Wolfcamp wells. We really talk about seven because the first well we drilled was 2007. It was a short lateral. It was before we really understand the completion, so it's almost not a data point in this discussion. But we have identified the Wolfcamp as a very nice, thick, rich target. And Slide 12 compares the Wolfcamp to our Cana play heads up. It depths 8,500 to 10,000 feet, so it's a little shallower than Cana, although this slide doesn't indicated, they're both pressured targets somewhere a geopressure gradient of about 0.7 psi per foot. So it's an overpressured target, and that certainly increases its storage capacity.  One of the things you'll notice on Slide 12 is the Wolfcamp is a nice thick target. We have between 607 feet of gross interval between 240 and 400 feet of net interval when we net that out for what is did poorest hard rock. It has reasonable total organic content, 2% to 3% compared to Cana at 3% to 9%. It has good ferocities, 5% to 9%. The recovery factors in targets like this are something we can only guesstimate until we get into a little more science. We currently just drilled one well per section. None of our wells are spaced any closer together than 640-acre spacing, so the recovery factor is a little bit of an arm wave at this point.  The key part of this slide is the gas in plays. The Wolfcamp is a very rich, hydrocarbon varying target. We calculate based on logs and cores that we've taken between 150 and 300 Bcf per section gas in plays. So we're just at the very entry of this play for an area that this large with our acreage position. We're only introducing the play. And if we get a lot of questions, you'll probably hear me say we don't know more than what we do know, but I will say, based on our results today, we are very excited about the potential to Cimarex. Moving on to Slide 13, this is a little zoom in on this emerging play concept. On this map, which would be encompassing our White City complex, that's in Eddy County there, that's a block of acreage in Eddy County in which there are the red circles. And then moving from there southeast, we have about 125,000 net acres in this trend. And as I said at the outset, we really do see this as a multi-target trend. And for much of this acreage and our current level of understanding, we're not exactly certain what the primary objective will be. But we believe that one or all of either the Cisco/Canyon, which many refer to as the Penn Shale, the Wolfcamp or the Avalon Shale are going to be perspective. So this is a multi-target area. We're very, very excited about what we have seen and what we do see.  We have drilled and completed seven Wolfcamp shale wells in Eddy and Culberson County, and those are shown in red in your slide. And of those seven wells, our first 30-day average production is 6.3 million cubic feet equivalent per day, and that's actual averages from the first 30 days of those wells. Those wells are about 50% methane, 32% natural gas liquids and 18% oil. So we get very nice condensate yields and very nice natural gas liquids processing yields out of that hydrocarbon stream.  Thus far, we're currently at around $6.5 million to $7 million per well. Our lateral lengths are about 4,000 feet. And before I move on, I just really want to re-emphasize that we're very much early days. We have drilled, for example, one Cisco/Canyon lateral in our White City complex. We drilled it a few years ago, and we don't have a modern stimulation on it. At the time, the stimulations that we were putting in our wells were a small fraction of what we're doing now. So we've yet to test the Cisco/Canyon objective or what we'd call a modern stimulation. So we're very excited about the potential there. We're very excited about the Wolfcamp.  We have drilled an Avalon Shale well at White City, and we've been producing that well, and it's got very, very nice results. On an Mboe basis, it's about an 800,000 Mboe well. So if you look at the overall trend and what people are generally quoting for the Avalon Shale reserves, our well is certainly a high-end well. That said, I will say we're at the gassy end of the trend. So our well is about 60% methane and 40% liquid. So we're very excited about the Avalon Shale potential, very excited about the Wolfcamp potential and very excited about Cisco/Canyon potential, but it's really the Wolfcamp where we can quote actual results with the seven well program today.  So we're probably going to be spending about $200 million on these plays in 2011. We're developing our acreage. We're working on our infrastructure. We're driven by results, and thus far, our results are very, very encouraging for this part of the play. We're at the early days. Moving on to Slide 14, this is a little blowup of our second Bone Spring horizontal oil play in southeast New Mexico. Our results continue to excite us there. This slide shows many of our recent wells we brought on and what their 30-day averages are. The selling point here is that our mean 30-day average for the recent wells we have drilled is 670 barrels of oil per day. So we still continue to move our tight curve up as we get better and better results. This is a very exciting play for us, and it will certainly be one of our top five plays for 2011. Slide 15 shows the production growth that we've seen out of that play. In January of 2011, on a gross basis, we were producing 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent out of that play, which is up from practically zero here just two years ago. So this is an internally generated play. We're very excited about it. And before I move off the Permian Basin, I want to just finish by saying we're still actively leasing out here. We're still actively leasing in our unconventional play. We're still actively leasing in our horizontal oil plays in a more conventional targets. We see the Permian Basin as a wonderful growth vehicle not only for 2011, but 2011 and beyond. We are very proud of the work that our team has done in the Permian Basin. They have established a foothold as a major competitor in the Permian Basin. We're going to be there for the foreseeable future, and it's a sustainable business model. Mid-Continent region is shown in Slide 16. Again, these are some of the summary statistics. The selling points here are we significantly grew our reserves, and that certainly a big part of that was our Cana program. We're seeing this as a very significant capital investment in 2011. We'll be just shy of $500 million. And, again, that's a function of our cash flow, our results, service cost and all the various factors that cause us to advance or retreat. But we're very pleased with our results there. Moving on to Slide 17, this shows our current outlay of the Cana-Woodford Shale play. This is focusing in on what we consider to be our core, where we have our 100,000 net acres. In 2010, we drilled 112 gross or 43 net wells. At year-end, we still had 10 wells, waiting on 10 net wells, waiting on completion. And year-end 2010, proved reserves totaled 500 Bcf equivalent, of which 64% is gas, and 36% of that is oil and natural gas liquids. In 2011, we expect to drill about 100 gross and 40 net wells, and we'll have between eight and nine rigs running in the play. This is still an area of active science. There's a lot here we're still trying to figure out, but we are absolutely delighted with this play and what it will contribute to our 2011 and beyond. This is a huge, huge impact to our reserves production and future capital program. We're having very, very good results. Slide 18 shows our Gulf Coast program. Unlike the other two, you see our reserves down year-over-year. That's a function of the volatility of the program. These are wells that come on with immediate impact and go on very steep decline. With that said, we absolutely love this program. We are aggressively drilling and trying to expand it.  Slide 19 shows the major operating arena which we have been focusing over the last few years. The last few years would be from 2002 to current. We drilled over 106 wells on this survey on 3D seismic data. We are the major operator in this trend, and we've had just some fantastic results in the last couple of years. We currently have one operated rig. We look forward to increasing results in 2011 and beyond. We're working on acquiring and shooting additional 3D seismic data. So as we said about this play, it's not predictable. It can be volatile, but that said, it is our most profitable program. We absolutely love it, and we're going to try to get as much done as we possibly can. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Joe Albi, our Executive Vice President of Operations.
Joseph Albi: Thank you, Tom, and thank you, all, for joining our call today. I'm going to go into some detail on our Q4 and 2010 production results. I'll then summarize Q1 '11 and our full year 2011 production guidance, touch on our 2010 and '11 exploitation programs, and then follow up with where we see current service costs. For those of you following along our slides, we have three slides, 21, 22 and 23, that are pertaining to Q4 2010 production and our guidance. I'm going to go into more detail than those slides show, just to give you a feel for the facts and figures that they give you -- some idea of how things are shifting around in production for us.  So starting at the top, we had a great quarter in Q4, make hit on that. We've continued upward production trend that we've seen since mid-2009. We reported average fourth quarter production of 604.5 million a day, and four or five items I want to mention there. We came in at the top end of our guidance, which was 580 to 610. We set yet another new record for quarterly company production. This is our fifth consecutive production increase on a quarterly basis. We're up 137 million a day or 29% from our Q4 '09 average of 468 million a day, and we were up about 5 million a day from our Q3 average of 600 million a day. As was the case in Q3, our drilling successes in Cana and the Permian during Q4 continue to offset any declines that we saw in the Gulf Coast, as you may recall, as a result of pipeline shut-ins, natural depletion and the pinching back of a handful of wells in order to protect them from a reservoir management standpoint. We talked a little bit about that during our last call. And in that call, we mentioned that we start off Q4 with our Gulf Coast onshore wells producing at rates below Q3. And we projected our Gulf Coast onshore to average somewhere in the area of 130 million to 145 million a day, while for Q4, we came in at the top end there, right at 145 million a day, but we are also down 13.7 million a day from our Q3 average for onshore Gulf Coast production of 159 million a day.  That said, the production adds that we saw from our Permian and Cana programs more than offset that drop, with our fourth quarter Permian equivalent production coming in at 182 million a day, which was up 12.8 million a day from Q3; and our fourth quarter Mid-Continent equivalent production coming in at 271 million a day, which was up 8.2 million a day from Q3. So when the dust settled, our fourth quarter Permian and Mid-Continent programs added combined an equivalent production rate of 21 million a day, which more than offset that 13.7 million a day we saw in Gulf Coast. Also reflecting the Gulf Coast drop, we saw our total company fourth quarter net gas production go down. We came in at 341.5 million a day. That was down 11 million a day from Q3, with 9 million of that drop coming from our Gulf Coast onshore curtailments, deferrals and natural decline. Geographically, 57% of our fourth quarter gas comes from the Mid-Continent, and the Gulf Coast and the Permian each represent 21% of the total.  On the liquids side, however, our combined fourth quarter total company liquids more than made up for the drop that we saw in gas. We gained 2,589 barrels a day, up from 41,250 barrels a day of total liquids in Q3 to 43,839 in Q4. And that's a 6.3% where on an equivalent basis a 15.5 million day increase from Q3. And as might be expected, the Permian represents the lion's share of our fourth quarter liquids, representing 42% of the total followed by the Gulf Coast at 30% and the Mid-Continent at 28%. Well, the driver for our total liquids growth was our Permian program, which, with our increased activity, grew 1,958 total barrels a day from Q3. 1,400 of that was oil. We also continued our focus on liquids-rich gas where total NGLs up 1,858 barrels a day from Q3, most of this coming from the Mid-Continent and Permian. The end result, as we look at Q4 compared to Q3, is that we were up on an equivalent basis and continued to increase our product mix towards liquids. We're up 4.5 million a day for the quarter, and with our total company oil and natural gas liquid ratio at 41.3%, in Q3, we bumped it to 43.5% in Q4. Year-over-year comparisons as compared to Q4, we saw nice production gains in both gas and oil and natural gas liquids. Our Q4 '10 gas production of 341.5 million a day was up $11.5 million a day or 3% from Q4 '09. And our fourth quarter 2010 combined oil and NGL production of 43,839 barrels a day was up a respectful 91% from our Q4 '09 average. Over the last 12 month, we've realized nice equivalent production gains in each of our core areas. As compared to Q4 '09, our fourth quarter Mid-Continent equivalent production of 271 million a day is up 65 million a day or 32% from Q4 '09. Our Permian production of 182 million a day was up 38 million a day or 26% in Q4 '09. And our Gulf Coast production of 145 million a day was also up 38 million a day or 35% from Q4 '09. So nice year-over-year production growth in each of our core areas. Cana continues to be a strong contributor to our bottom line. We ended the year with Cana equivalent production an exit rate in Q4 just shy of 100 million a day. That's up threefold from our Q4 '09 exit rate of 33 million a day and was pretty darn close to where we had told you the beginning of last year where we hope Cana would be at the end of 2010.  So the bottom line to our '10 production was that we had a great year. Despite property sales, which impacted our reported figures by 2 million a day, our reported 2010 average net daily equivalent production of 596 million a day was up 29% from our '09 reported average of 463 million a day and well surpassed our beginning year guidance of 520 million to 540 million. Our production growth was a direct result of the increase in successful drawing in each one of our core areas. And with our emphasis on oil and liquid-rich gas, we not only significantly grew production, but we also continue to shift our product mix more towards liquids as seen in the percent of liquids that represented our production in 2010 at 39% versus what we reported in '09 at 30%. So we gained nine points in liquids.  Looking into 2011, you may recall during our last call that our early modeling for '11 predicted a 2% to 10% increase of production for 2011. We updated our model to incorporate our year-end base property forecast, our '11 budget, and just recently, the estimated impact of the weather-related shut-ins that we just experienced here in early February. The extremely cold weather pattern that hit most of the U.S. in beginning of February hit us fairly hard, in particular in the Permian, where we experienced numerous shut-ins as a result of freeze-offs, plant shut-ins and rolling blackouts.  In addition to well shut-ins, the weather temporarily shut down or delayed a number of our frac jobs that were slated for that first week of February. The data that still needs to come in, we are projecting that the weather will negatively impact Q1 net equivalent production by about 10 million to 15 million a day. And taking this into account, along with our 2010 and early 2011 property sales which took about 5 million a day off of our '11 books, we're projecting Q1 '11 now to be in the range of 582 million to 602 million. Even with the impact of whether and property sales, our updated '11 model doesn't really depart from our previous guidance that we gave you last call for 2011, and it's basically predicting a continuation of the same story we've seen over the last year. Production adds from the Permian and the Mid-Continent are forecasted to more than offset any declines that we may see in our shorter out of our key Gulf Coast production.  Despite our current forecast for Gulf Coast properties to drop from actual levels of 150 million a day in Q4 '10 to levels of 120 million to 130 million a day in Q4 '11, our updated model projects '11 equivalent production to fall in the range of 615 million to 645 million a day, with our midpoint being up 6% from 2010. In essence, our updated guidance just tightens our previous band of expected production growth around the same midpoint, even when taking into account the loss of 5 million to 7 million a day of annualized 2011 production due to property sales and the impact of weather on our production volumes in Q1. With the majority of our '11 budget allocated to our oil-rich Permian and liquid-rich gas programs, we're also modeling a continued increase in the percent of our production associated with liquids to 44% for 2011. That would be up five percentage points from the 39% we posted in 2010. In a nutshell, we expect much of the same story in '11, increased activity in our core oil and liquid-rich gas plays, resulting in continued production growth for our company. On Slide 24, you'll see a quick slide talking about our production operations group. The group put together a very solid year for us in 2010. With continued focus on our base properties, the group did a great job optimizing production and maximizing NOI, all the while putting about $44 million of exploitation capital to work. About half of the capital went towards recompletion activity in the Permian and the Mid-Continent, with the remainder going to a variety of work-over, left facility and saltwater disposal projects throughout all of our core areas, as well as a handful of operated and non-operated infill drilling projects that we performed in West Texas and Kansas. In all, the group performed over 390 projects during 2010. They met our expected production goals, and our look back economics confirmed that are exploitation capital was spent wisely. Most importantly, however, I want to note that we ended the year on a very safe note, with over 200 field employees excelling at their jobs with no lost time accidents during the year. In December, the production group finalized for 2011 planning process. During '11, we'll remain focused on our three simple objectives: Increasing our net operating income by optimizing production and controlling our cost; effectively deploy our exploitation capital; and most importantly, improve our operating capabilities in the field. We put together another solid inventory of exploitation projects for '11. During the planning process, we identified over 600 projects, corresponding to more than $95 million worth of possible activity. We call those projects and high-graded them and have come up with an '11 budget of $60 million to $70 million. The final list includes about 475 projects that encompass a wide variety of activities, artificial lift, recompletions, gathering, compression, SWD, workovers, and again, a handful of low-risk infill drilling and a lot of other projects. We anticipate a fairly evenly split in the capital between the Permian and Mid-Continent, with most of the dollars slated for recompletions, saltwater disposal projects and artificial lift.  On Slide 25, you'll see a chart which looks at our lifting costs, and I'll give you a few words about LOE before touching on our drilling and completion costs. A look at our financial shows Q4 LOE coming in around $0.98 per Mcfe. That's just below the midpoint of the guidance we gave you for the quarter of $0.90 to $1.10. As we mentioned in our last call, over the last half of 2010, we saw an increase in expenses due really to three items: First, we're fairly active changing out lift designer, installing sub pumps on our new wells in an effort to attain peak rate. Most of this transpired in the Permian basin. Secondly, we put some extra money to work improving our lease maintenance and appearance. And thirdly, with our increased new well activity, our SWD costs went up as a result of produced load water disposal.  So with that said, our 2010 overall lifting cost came in at $0.89 an Mcfe, but that was still down 15% from our 2009 average of $1.05. We're expecting the bit of a cost increase to incur coming into 2011. And as such, we provided guidance for '11 lifting cost for them to fall in the range of $0.95 to $1.15. We continue to see constant increases in our drilling and completion costs, especially on the completion side. Over the last year, we've seen our fracture stimulation cost go up anywhere from 5% to over 100%. We've worked hard to alter our frac design where we can to optimize results while controlling costs. As an example, in Cana, we reduced the size of our jobs and have kept our total frac cost increase to a modest 5% over the last year. In the Permian, however, we see anywhere from 25% to over 100% cost increases over the last year, with the bigger increases seen when we've increased our job size. There were a couple of questions last call about frac horsepower and availability. Well, frac horsepower and crews continue to be in high demand, and as a result, we have approximately 18 wells waiting on frac, a dozen or so in Cana and the remainder in the Permian. That said, we are seeing the beginning signs of fleet availability and the possibility that market maybe loosening up, especially in the Permian. And we've heard rumblings from five to six different service providers that more horsepower is right around the corner. As such, we're hopeful we'll be able to make up some ground on our backlog during Q2 and Q3. We've seen cost pressure and other items as well. Since Q3 '10, our average Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast day rates have gone up 12%. In the Permian, they've gone up 23%. We've seen increases in directional costs, cementing, bits, fuel, mud, mob and rentals. Those increases have gone up anywhere from 10% to 50% since Q3. To fight these increases, we continue in each of our programs to focus on improving our operating efficiencies and challenging our program design. And as a result, since the third quarter of last year, our total well cost have increased only 5% to 15%. As an example, our generic Cana AFE is currently running around $8.4 million. That's up 5% since Q3. And in the Permian, our current AFE for a 6,000-foot vertical padded boundary well is running around $1.9 million. Again, that's up 5% from Q3, and an 8,000 New Mexico Bone Spring horizontal well, a lateral well that's running around $4.3 million. That's up 15% since Q3. So we're still seeing cost increases. We're minimizing them where we can through program and cost efficiencies. So to wrap things up, we closed out on a very successful 2010, and we're projecting continued production growth for 2011, and we'll continue our focus here in '11 to keep costs in check and ensure the profitability of our programs. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Korus: Thank you, Joe. As a result of some pretty heavy lifting by both our exploration and operations groups, I have some, what I think are impressive financial results to recap for you.  With higher oil prices and substantially higher production, we had oil and gas sales of a little over $1.5 billion, of which $1.2 billion hit the EBITDA line after adjusting for working capital and things like that, we had $1.1 billion of cash flow. And from there, we had $575 million of very high-quality earnings or $6.70 a share. As has been our history, we reinvested the bulk of our cash flow in exploration and development, and of course, had very good results. Since we look to 2011, we've mentioned -- we expect our capital expenditures to be $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, and I do believe that any reasonable estimates of our cash flow will coincide with that number. We have a little bit of a cushion though because we walk into the year with $114 million of cash on our balance sheet, and the only debt that we have remaining is our $350 million of senior notes due in 2017. So by any measure, investment-grade credit statistics, which we shall list for you on our Slide 27, 12% debt-to-cap ratio. Our EBITDA is 3.5x our debt. Operationally, we've covered a lot of things. The short version is we grew our production 29% and our proved reserves 23%. Good finding costs, higher reserve replacement ratios, and we did not do it with PUDs, obviously. Our PUD percentage is the same as it was at the end of last year, 23%. In absolute numbers, PUDs were up a little bit, but no more than we increased our proved developed reserves. Of our PUDs, still half of them are in our Riley Ridge project, which we hope will be on production by the end of '11, if not soon thereafter, and we're only carrying about 200 BEs of PUDs in Cana at this point. Production-wise, as Joe mentioned, our best estimate at this time is 615 million to 645 million a day. So obviously, we don't think we can repeat the type of growth that we had in 2010, but you have to remember that a lot of that increase was driven by those wells in the Gulf Coast, which of course represent the best wells any of us have ever seen in our careers. So that's a very tough act to follow in terms of production volume growth, but it's not unreasonable to expect that our reserve growth could continue along a pace that we saw in 2010. The last page just outlines, for completeness' sake, our hedge position. The short version there is that we wish we had more gas swapped. We only have 20 million a day, but at the time we were doing this, we were unwilling to swap into a market that we thought represented a low price of $5. Of course, now here we are $1 lower. So in hindsight, it's pretty easy to say we wish we had fetched more gas and maybe a little less oil. The remainder of what you see on our website are things that we require to show you because we use some non-GAAP terms. So you'll see definitions of EBITDA, debt-to-cap calculations, cash flow from operations and finding development costs. With that, operator, we would be very happy to begin to entertain questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Brian Lively. [Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.]
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Just looking for some color on your inventory position in the Permian. Specifically, have you guys counted the number of high-confidence locations you have in the Bone Spring, and if possible, the Wolfcamp?
Thomas Jorden: Brian, this is Tom. Of course, the Bone Spring is lots of different targets. So I'm probably not going to answer the question you asked, but in our second Bone Spring play in Eddy and Lea County, when we count, we get somewhere with our current land position with our currently mapped targets in generally the second and third Bone Spring at somewhere, I would say, between 75 and 100 locations. But that is a constantly changing number, and in that fairway in particular, we had some objectives in the first Bone Spring that we're very excited about that we haven't tested yet, and it overlays our entire position. So that's what we count today. In the third Bone Spring horizontal oil play down in Ward, Reeves, Winkler County, in that fairway map we show in our website, that would be southeastern edge of the fairway. We have about 150 gross locations yet to drill in that project in the third Bone Spring oil. And then everywhere in between, we have lots and lots of inventory. I mean, I -- yes, and our White City play in Eddy County, we have a second Bone Spring oil play that we really haven't even talked much about. We drilled the well last fall that looks very encouraging to us. It's an exact look-alike to our second Bone Spring play in Eddy and Lea County to the north. The gas oil ratio is a little higher there, but it's -- their oil wells and we have an inventory there in our current lease position of about 80 to 85 locations. So, Brian, we don't typically count locations, but nonetheless, we have a multiyear inventory at our current run rate.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: I was just trying to get a sense of the breadth of opportunity, and those are net locations?
Thomas Jorden: Those are typically gross locations, and our working interests vary typically there between 16% and 100% in those plays.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: One thing that maybe not surprising but the repeatability so far, especially in the Eddy, Lea County area, has that surprised you guys? Maybe in the same context, could you discuss ranges of ultimate recoveries, maybe P10 to P90 type estimates if you have them?
Thomas Jorden: Your first question has not surprised us. I think I would be disingenuous if I didn't say, yes, we've been pleasantly surprised by our results. When we marched into that play, in Eddy and Lea County and the second Bone Spring, our initial model was built around 250,000 to 300,000 barrels recovery per well, and we were talking about initial production rates of about 250 barrels per day. And that was based upon no production history. There were very few horizontal wells drilled in that trend. So, yes, we've been pleasantly surprised by our model. Our current model for a go-forward well in that trend is a well that will produce ultimately 570,000 barrels of oil at Mboe, of which 400,000 barrels of that is oil and 170,000 Mboe is gas. And we'll produce 600 barrels of oil on average in its first 30 days. As you can see from the results we've reported, our averages are actually north of that. So I don't have in front me what our P10 is, but we drilled some wells that have averaged over 1,000 barrels a day and are upwards of at or near 1 million barrel well, so it's a wonderful trend.
F. Merelli: I think one of the things -- this is Mick -- is that it's nice to talk about these statistics, but that's something that you wave -- in that area that we're talking about, you can wave your hand over in a 10th of a second. And if you've got fast car, it will take you half a day to drive across it or something. I mean it's a big area. And so we have a few -- we have data points in there that we're interested in, but it's a huge area. Offsetting that, though, is the fact that we have a lot of competition out there and very capable competition. And so understanding the area is going to probably happen a little quicker than it might in some other places. And so we'll come to an understanding of that. In terms of your question about how much inventory do we have, that's a tough question, but we've looked at it and I don't really look at location. We generated out of locations, but we did a little study and we tried to understand how many things that we have control of geologically and all that, that might drill. It came up to something like $3 billion of future drilling, not counting what we're going to do in '11. So we have a fairly rich inventory of things to do, and there wasn't a lot of hope and wish in that. Those are things that we'd like to get done. And I'd also tell you that one of the challenges in all of this is that that's a very active area. And so all the resources that it takes to get these wells drilled and picked up the pace, it's going to be tough. We're adding rigs, but other people are adding rigs. And so you have to have -- and these are mostly horizontal wells or almost all are horizontal wells. And so it takes certain people and certain kinds of equipment and everything we're all competing for that, not to mention the stimulation delays. So anyway, I guess I've complicated it a little bit, but I want to just give you a flavor for that's a big area, it has big potential, we recognize it. It's going to take us a few years to get through it, and it's unfolding in terms of the information as we go. Tom mentioned the multiple play aspect. That's an important piece of what we're talking about. There is a lot. We not only do we not understand where the thing goes laterally or across the geography, but it has potential to extend vertically into other zones. So, anyway, I just wanted to confuse the issue a little bit by giving you that information.
Brian Lively - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: What was the future development costs in the PV-10 calculation?
Paul Korus: Brian, we'll quickly trying to dive into future development embedded in the PV10, Jim, is what he's asking.
James Shonsey: I believe it's $427 million.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Gil Yang. [Bank of America Merrill Lynch]
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: Could you talk about in Culberson County, in that area, what the availability of water is for frac-ing? Is that potentially going to be a problem?
Thomas Jorden: Well, it's a challenge. This is Tom. We're currently buying water off ranchers and then we're trucking and disposing water. I anticipate as we go forward in development, we will find alternative water supplies, how the drilling water wells and I'm sure we'll have some disposal wells. Joe, do you want to add to that?
Joseph Albi: The only thing I would add is we're looking at other zones to drill for freshwater.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: So would the water costs rise or fall if you drill the well versus buying, the purchases you're doing now?
Thomas Jorden: I'm going to say, we wouldn't drill the well unless it fell. I mean, we will drill the well for one or two reasons just because we have availability that wouldn't have otherwise and because its cheaper on a barrel basis. And I would anticipate the cost would fall for drilling a water well.
Joseph Albi: I would agree.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: Are there difficulties getting permits to do that?
Thomas Jorden: Permitting generally is not the challenge in Texas and it has been in New Mexico. So when we look at our obstacles in Culberson County, I'll say permitting is not one of them.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: You talked a lot about cost efficiencies to minimize the impact of inflation. When you do that, are you able to do that without an impact to EUR? Or is there some trade off that you sometimes have to make?
Thomas Jorden: No, there would be no impact on EUR. What we're talking about during like in Cana different techniques for drilling, as time shave down our drilling days. On the completion side, it's always a balancing act to juggle the cost of your completion with the results from your completion. And we've been able to alter our Cana practice on such that we're seen as good or not better type of results from the frac.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: For 2011, your guidance has been spend your cash flow basically. In 2010, that's where your goal was, yet you underspend cash flow by about $100 million or so. Was there some limitation that caused you to do that? Or is your policy a little bit more conservative on the spending side and so maybe you're expecting cash flow for 2011 to be a little higher than this?
F. Merelli: You're giving us way too much credit for being planners. We don't have a shortage of money. And if we borrow a little money, we can borrow money and we're still probably the lowest levered outfit, or one of them at least, in our whole peer group. So what we start off doing is do as many projects, get as much done that gets us the kind of return we can get and just go as fast and as far as we can. And so there's a lot of impediments to getting that done. But it's not like we're keeping track of how much we're spending. We're keeping track of what the returns are and trying to maximize how much capital we get down at a good rate of return. So right now, the guess is that it's going to be something around cash flow, like it was last year, and we'll see what happens.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: But in that context, I mean you clearly have a lot of good projects to drill, and so you, in principle you, could have spent a lot more money, but something held you back, and was that the availability of fracs, drilling equipment?
Paul Korus: Gil, it's Paul. I'll take a stab at this. We recognize we're not very good at forecasting prices. So particularly last year, we walked in fairly cautious, if you will, in terms of what would happen to prices as the year unfolded. We had a fairly recent memory of some much lower oil prices. And so we only had four rigs running in the Permian in the first half of the year. So as we gain confidence in where the price of oil was and that it might stay there, then we added rigs. And so we spent substantially more in the second half than we did in the first half. But, frankly, we were just unable to catch up with what turned out to be more cash flow than we thought we would have.
F. Merelli: To me, the cash flow is nice, but when that oil price went up, that rate of return went up. And so more projects became available to us, we tried to get to them, and we just couldn't accelerate our activity. And this year, Tom, what do you have planned for rigs?
Thomas Jorden: Well, at beginning of the year, we're saying 16 Permian rigs, and we're now at 17. So we'll probably have between eight to nine in Cana, one to three in the Gulf Coast. So we'll be 25 to 30 rigs.
F. Merelli: If nothing else, it's not just drilling rigs and all that. A lot of our activity is operated, most of it is. And we have the staff supervision for these things and so just trying to grow the program as fast as we'd like to in the Permian is going to be a real challenge because everybody that's out there has good economics on their high liquid content opportunities, and they're trying to pick up the pace at the same time.
Gil Yang - BofA Merrill Lynch: And just to clarify for your forecast, what are the commodity prices you are using?
Joseph Albi: Gil, we don't have a fixed forecast for commodity prices, probably a range around $95 oil and $4.55 gas, something in that range. You get pretty close to that $1.3 billion.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Nick Pope. [Dahlman Rose & COmpany]
Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: The freeze off that you're talking about, is that kind of company-wide, or is there some specific areas where you're seeing the bigger impacts there?
Joseph Albi: The biggest impact -- this is Joe -- was in the Permian. And I think I combined total Permian and Mid-Continent impact on just February. Our numbers are running around 35-ish million a day, and that's a preliminary estimate. Of that, about 9 million a day was coming out of Mid-Continent and the rest was coming from the Permian. And it was just a combination of things. Your downstream plant shutting in on you, you can't produce. We'd get a well up and running, and all of a sudden, it'd be part of a rolling blackout, and all of a sudden it shut in and now throws off. So it's just a combination of things. And it had a big impact on us, and I'm almost certain it's going to have a big impact on the other Permian players as well.
Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: And then I guess as you look at kind of where the pricing is up, pricing is in that cushion and for West Texas Intermediate. Can you talk a little bit about I guess what you are looking at in terms of both Permian Mid-Continent oil and the ability to get the production out and the ability to get kind of a pricing you want on that oil right now just thinking of the marketing aspect.
Paul Korus: A couple of things. Total company production of 25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day were not a dominant part of any pipeline or market. The bulk of our oil production is priced off of WTI and NYMEX. Do we wish we had some more priced off of LLS? Yes, we do, but it's just a function of where we operate.
Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: And just in terms of like pipeline capacity and get it out, Do you all feel pretty comfortable that in terms of the volumes and everything else going into cushion over the next year that you are going to be able to get all of your oil to market?
Joseph Albi: This is Joe. I would say anywhere we've seen the delay, it hasn't been the result of that. Where we've seen more of our problems getting oil off location is right when we turn them on and we're making a heck a lot of oil and we're trying to have enough trucks to keep up with us, to meet that higher volume. So as a result last few months, we've seen a little bit of oil volumes that were produced but not sold. As far as getting into marketplace, we have not seen any significant issues in that regard, and at this moment, we don't anticipate that we will. I'll touch a little bit on what Paul mentioned too about Louisiana Sweet, about 20% of our oil has a contract that is based on WTI price, and we'll get a kicker for a Louisiana Sweet differential. Right now, for March, it looks like that kicker will equate to about $7.05 as far as a premium on about 20% of our total oil. I wish it was a little bit better, but we had locked in a portion of that when we started to see the differential pick up a bit and all that goes away here in May.
Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: Related to the PV-10, do you have a split of like what the PV-10 was on the PUD component of your reserves?
Paul Korus: While Mark is looking -- this is Paul -- I'd tell you we did plan to file our 10-K by next Friday. All this stuff will be more readily available to you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ronny Eisemann.
Ronny Eisemann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I just had a quick question on Slide 12. You showed the Wolfcamp statistics. Do you have some more preliminary data for what you're calling the Penn Shale?
Thomas Jorden: Well, this is Tom. We do. We've taken core and log data on the Penn Shale. We don't have a table for it. I can say the Penn Shale would stack up. It's not as thick. And it's also variable. So it's kind of hard to quote averages. But we typically see the Cisco/Canyon, where we have logged with modern gas shale logs, where we have core, we typically see it as competing with these types of source rocks. We would be typically north of -- somewhere around 100 Bcf a section. It's got good organic content, good porocity. And then, of course, as I said, the recovery factor is a big wild card. And we definitely see it as an independent objective to these targets.
Ronny Eisemann - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So it's relatively comparable to what you're showing for the Wolfcamp?
Thomas Jorden: Well, it's not as thick. But I would say yes, it's comparable to the Wolfcamp in terms of source rock quality.  One of the things that, Ronny, that we haven't done and the reason we're not kind of beating the drum more loudly on this Cisco/Canyon, we don't have a modern horizontal stimulation. We have drilled a number of vertical wells in and around White City where we have either used it as primary objective or recompletions, and we're very, very encouraged. But the next thing we need to do is get a lateral down and put a modern stimulation on it.  And what I mean by modern, the one horizontal well we did drill in the Cisco/Canyon, we drilled in the wrong orientation. We only had 700,000 pounds of profits in place. Today, if we were to drill that well, we'd reorient it, and we would put five times that amount of profit in that stimulation. And we're seeing that to make a huge difference. And so we are really, really encouraged and excited by this Penn Shale or Cisco/Canyon, as we call it, but we don't have the kind of results that we did with Wolfcamp.  One of the reasons we're focusing on Wolfcamp and not Avalon is some of these leases are only held to depth drill. And so we're kind of focusing on deeper objectives.  Just in terms of if you look at the landscape out here, in our White City-Culberson, Avalon's at about 5,700 feet, Wolfcamp is at about 9,500 feet and Cisco/Canyon is about 10,500 feet. So it's not -- for some in this area, I think we're going to have all three of those three objectives stacked. And we don't know the spacing yet. We really have a lot that we don't know.
Mark Burford: Hey, Nick. If you're still online, it's Mark Burford. Just to answer your proved and developed PV-10 question, of our $3.6 billion of PV-10 pretax, $206 million of that is proved and developed reserves. $206 million of PV-10 pretax.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Derrick Whitfield.
Derrick Whitfield - Canaccord Genuity: Tom, Joe, could you share with us any additional color on the variability of your Wolfcamp test results in terms of average production and gas-to-oil ratios?
Thomas Jorden: This is Tom. We have a pretty good average out here. I can tell you that the condensate yields vary from 20 to 80 barrels per million on the wells we've drilled. And one of the things, just an editorial comment, in this part of the world, these yields can vary significantly. And generally, basin, White and Delaware Basin, as you go from west to east, you get gassy to more oily. We've yet to test. We have drilled but haven't completed yet.  On the map we show, as you go further east, we have some Wolfcamp tests that haven't completed and haven't flowed back. We expect the results there to be significantly oilier based on results we have for vertical wells.  And then our EURs on an equivalent basis, they vary from 2.5 to 7.5. So we have some pretty good variance. Some of that variance is wellbore orientation. Some of it is local areas drill. Some of it is we've been tuning up our completions. So overall, I'd say our averages are kind of what we think are what we're going to go by.
Derrick Whitfield - Canaccord Genuity: In the White City area, Tom, you had mentioned earlier that you guys had drilled some really good wells back last fall. Have you drilled anything since in the second Bone Spring?
Thomas Jorden: No, we drilled one re-entry well there in second Bone Spring. It was a well called the Burn. As I said, it was very encouraging result. It came online at 600 barrels of oil per day. It's a little gassier. Up in Eddy and Lea County, our gas-oil ratios go between 1,000 and 3,000. That well had a gas-oil ratio of 6,000. But it's still an oil well from the dollar-priced oil.  The reason we're not out there drilling more wells is we just have a lot to do, and it's going to be -- we're going to be adding a rig up in our 2011 program here shortly. That will be dedicated to drilling those wells.
Derrick Whitfield - Canaccord Genuity: And then where do you guys stand on 3D seismic activities in the lower Abo?
Thomas Jorden: Well, we recorded and have processed a 3D seismic survey over our Caprock [ph] [1:09:38] project in the Abo. We're in the process of interpreting it. We shot it because of a curiosity as to whether we can see that pinch-out edge. I'll say that we're encouraged by what we saw, at least locally. We think we see some things that are consistent with the subsurface. And we're looking to use that tool to extend the trend. So, so far so good. But it's a big trend. If you go east from our Abo play, and I've seen many, many different maps on that and most of them are competitors' websites. And that trend starts to branch out to be 100 miles tall. So we're trying to use seismic data to dial that in a little bit.
Derrick Whitfield - Canaccord Genuity: And then moving over to the Gulf Coast. What's the implied success rate behind your year-over-year production guidance? Are you guys assuming that historical cost 68%?
Joseph Albi: This is Joe. I guess I don't understand your question. Are you saying when we went ahead and forecasted something, did it turn out as we forecasted?
Derrick Whitfield - Canaccord Genuity: No. The Gulf Coast area where you guys had provided guidance for 2011, it being down year-over-year, what was the success rate behind your drilling program that you're projecting forward?
Joseph Albi: As far as -- there's two components there. You have your base properties, which are projected to climb fairly significantly in 2011. And then we augment that with risk production profiles from the new drills.
Thomas Jorden: Derrick, this is Tom. I'll say that for -- we had a lot of different things going on in the Gulf Coast right now. We have a rig that's kind of focused on drilling what I would call base hits.  Based on the wells we have drilled, we've kind of derisked a number of smaller targets. And those are -- when I say smaller targets, I mean, three to eight Bcf equivalent targets, very nice production rates but just smaller ultimate recoveries. Today, for some of those derisked targets, we're probably on 85% chance of success.  And then we have another layer of things that look like what we've done and yet they may be a little further away, maybe a little deeper section. That would be typically about a 70% chance of success, and that's kind of our historical average on trend.  And then we have some things that are a little higher potential that are fairly wild. And there we'll probably predrill, running 40% to 50% chance of success. So we're modeling it like it has a greater chance of being a dry hole than producer.  But our overall trend average, if you look at the 106 or 109 wells we've drilled, there's about 65% to 70% wells that we drill we've completed.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mitch Wurschmidt.
Mitchell Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: All my questions were asked, but I just want to get a better sense of in the White City sort of area, the area you outlined for the Wolfcamp, how many rigs are you dedicating sort of to the Wolfcamp program? Or it sounds like you'll be testing a few different things. Can you kind of lay that out a little bit?
Thomas Jorden: Yes, we'll have two to three rigs out there when we get fully ramped up in 2011. And that would White City Culberson County, which is really subject to our results and all of the things we typically cite.  We have some lease expirations we're managing, and that's got one rig busy just drilling things to preserve our leasehold. We have some marketing issues we're trying to solve, but we are planning to have two to three rigs working out there.
Mitchell Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And does that look -- you guys outlined a certain area, but where is the Wolfcamp? Just the aerial extent of it throughout the Delaware Basin. Is it sort of either further to the north in order to get into your Central Eddy area or is it just sort of more localized to that area?
Thomas Jorden: Well, the Wolfcamp produces all over the basin. And you're really talking about what [indiscernible] [1:13:55] produces. In the deep Delaware Basin, where we would consider to be an unconventional reservoir where we would have regional extent, the [indiscernible] [1:14:07] that would be associated with that would certainly encompass that dash line that's shown in the map in our website. So it's a broad area. Now it's not going to be productive everywhere. You have a lot of clastic input. There's a fair amount of variability. You're going to have differing yields. I mean, so we see in general sense that the trend encompasses that dashed area. But is this all going to be productive? Assuredly not.
Mitchell Wurschmidt - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And I guess just going back to an earlier question, thinking about -- I mean, you guys are obviously opportunity rich here. Is sort of 16, 17 rigs in the Permian, I mean, how do you think about walking that up? Is it just trying to manage, I guess, the operations? Given, obviously, you guys have been ramping up quite aggressively, how much more could you, I guess, push it if you really wanted to?
Thomas Jorden: Mitch, this is Tom. I'll take a stab at that and then Mick may want to comment on it.  We are accelerating oil to the extent we can. I mean, so everywhere we can accelerate oil, we are pedal to the floor on that. And we have some limitations. And we talked about that, but I want to just underscore them.  A limitation is our own organization. This is not a mining operation. These are geoscience projects that take careful attention to detail. And we have found that when we try to turn this into just a paint-this program with too broad a brush, we start really wasting capital and drive our returns down. So to optimize our rate of return, we're going to do the kind of detail that's led us to this point. We didn't get here by being sloppy. And we're not going to go forward by being sloppy.  In New Mexico, there is a limitation. Permits are a problem. I'm sure you're hearing that from many Permian operators on Federal lands. The BOM is thinly staffed and backlogged with everybody ramping up activity. And then certainly, stimulation is a challenge we're having to manage. That said, we're going to be at 17 rigs here soon, and we're going to accelerate everything we can. Mick, do you want to add to that?
F. Merelli: That's right. I'm going to bore you with what we usually wind up saying during one of these things again. And that is, we're driven by rate of return, not production increases, not reserve increases and all of that. We want to get increases in production because it relates to our cash flow. And we want to get as much production increase and cash flow in the door as we can. But at the end of the day, we only have one criteria, and it's done on a well-by-well basis. And that's what's that return. So it depends on how that goes along.  And then the other limitation is, so, low gas prices could influence us. If LPG sort of go down, that might influence some plays. There's a whole bunch of things out there that are going to do it. But as we go along, we're going to go just as fast as we can organizationally and try to maintain our high rate of return or get the best rates of return we can on our capital employed, whether it's our cash flow or borrowings or whatever. And I just want to reinforce that idea, that our biggest limitation probably is going to be organization.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeff Robertson.
Jeffrey Robertson - Barclays Capital: Can you talk of the $200 million you all are going to spend on some of these emerging plays in the Permian? Do you have a rough allocation as to how much will go toward the Wolfcamp or the Cisco/Canyon or the Avalon?
Thomas Jorden: Yes, Jeff. This is Tom. The bulk of that is going to be Wolfcamp. We're testing the Wolfcamp throughout this area.  And we like the Avalon. We tend to kind of downplay the Avalon. The Avalon is prospective over almost all of that 125,000 acres.  The issue with the Avalon is when we model it -- and again, we don't have all the data that some of our competitors do, but when we model it, it just doesn't compete with some of our other projects including the Wolfcamp. And we're watching activity of others, trying to learn everything we can.  Right now, I'd say the bulk of that is going to be Wolfcamp capital. And that's subject to change. If we get some new information that leads us to be more bullish on the Avalon, then we could be drilling Avalon wells.  And then we're still really interested in our own results by doing a modern completion on the Cisco/Canyon lateral. Right now, though, I'd say the bulk of that unconventional is going to be Wolfcamp.
Jeffrey Robertson - Barclays Capital: You will see the Avalon most of the time when you drill the Wolfcamp well, is that correct?
Thomas Jorden: Oh, yes. No, the Wolfcamp is below the Avalon, so you go through it.  And Jeff, this is more detail probably than you want, but in Cana where we've drilled well over 100-and-some-odd wells, you go two miles and it changes rapidly. Now we're looking at a huge, huge area where we don't even have one well per township. And the yields are going to change, the rock quality is going to change, the degree of natural fracturing is going to change. And so as we get a little more data here, this thing is going to get much more complex. Our contours right now are nice and smooth. They are going to tighten up a little bit.
Jeffrey Robertson - Barclays Capital: And for the Cisco/Canyon, do you have a lot of penetrations either to that or to some of the formations deeper out there that'll help you get control over at least what the thickness is and what the [indiscernible] [1:20:01] are?
Thomas Jorden: We do. One of the nice things out here is there's been a lot of deep drilling in the basin. And then one of the things -- I didn't give any detail on this, but we have 15 Cisco/Canyon-Wolfcamp vertical wells that we have completed in our White City area. And so for at least vertically, we've got some data, and we're hoping to extend that horizontally. And others are doing the same, but we're not the only one. People talk about the Penn Shale. This is throwing [indiscernible] [1:20:32] in what we're talking about.
Jeffrey Robertson - Barclays Capital: But I guess a couple of years ago when people were testing the Barnett and Woodford out there and trying to complete it, which is, I think, deeper, do the efforts in that help at all in trying to devise a completion technique for the Cisco/Canyon?
Thomas Jorden: Well, if they did, that information didn't make it toward to us. Now, of course, we weren't out there. We were in the middle of that. But most of our advances have come from what's going on in Cana.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Joe Magner [ph] [1:21:07].
Unidentified Analyst: Scott Firestone [ph] [1:21:12] sitting in for Joe. Devon had some -- released some info on the Cana downspacing part that they had. And they were referencing mini EURs of eight BEs and eight to 10 wells per section. And we're hoping you could maybe provide some insight on how you're going to book reserves in that play.
F. Merelli: I'll probably take a stab at that because Gary Abbott is our guy that -- he's not in the call today. He's in charge of how we book our reserves.  At this point, we booked direct offsets where we have geologic information to do that. So it might be one well, it might be two wells depending on if we own the acreage on the offset or how it works. And then when we're talking about the core area, so we've done that. That's where we're at.  And in terms of what happens in the future, to book beyond that, if we understand the SEC regulations, we have to rely on a reliable technology criteria that is supposed to be field tested. What's happening here is that Devon has -- they're ahead of us in how they look at -- we're looking at the same data, or I think that we're looking at the same data, and we're looking at it the same way. But what's happened is, is that in the whole process of doing that, they're more experienced and they're ahead of us, and so they got the answer a little quicker than we did.  I feel pretty good that we're going to arrive at the same answer in terms of spacing and what's bookable within -- we'll be close, I would guess. It's just going to take us a little longer to get through that SEC part of it that says this is what we think the answer is. Now we could do meet, too, on it, but our guy that books the reserves has been a little -- he'd be a little nervous about explaining to the SEC that it's how we got there.  So you're going to have to put up with us taking a little bit longer to figure this out. In no way do I want to imply every -- we think Devon's done a heck of a job. And everything that we see out there where we're partners with them, they did a great job and we have no disagreements. So we'll see how this all works out, but we've got to get our own answer and we're a little slower than they are.
Unidentified Analyst: Another question on breakeven cost. Maybe shed some insight on the various plays, what your stress case price level might be.
Thomas Jorden: This is Tom. We run a stress case on every investment we make. And our current stress case is a $3.50 NYMEX gas and $45 NYMEX oil. And we subtract local market deducts from that, and we hold that flat through the life of the well. So that would be a received price currently for most of our Mid-Continent and Permian of somewhere $3, $3.10 for gas and between $40 and $45 for oil. And then for natural gas liquids, we'll take 45% of that oil price. So we're somewhere between $20 and $25 a barrel for NGL. So that's our stress case.  We typically will ask that our investments will get cost of capital or better at that stress case. In fact, we'll actually add a little windage to that just to pay for organization. And that's not a price case that we make our decision on, but we have a lot of opportunity company-wide, and we rank all of it side by side. We look at it at current strip pricing. We look at it at that catastrophic downside and then several price falls in between. But we'd like to see, at least at that the $3.50, $45 NYMEX, that our investments at least get cost of capital. Now that doesn't answer your question on breakeven price, but I don't have that in front of me on our various plays.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one last thing. On the $3 billion referenced in future development, the second and third Bone Spring, does that apply to all the Permian plays or...
F. Merelli: What that is, well, I'll let Mark explain it a little bit. Mark?
Mark Burford: Scott, you know it's really rough -- [indiscernible] [1:25:38] too much weight on that, Scott. But we trying to incorporate some rough, real rough estimates on what we could drill in the second and third Bone Spring both in New Mexico and West Texas, put a real swag number of what we could drill on the Wolfcamp for next several years. Or some swag number on Wolfcamp as well. So they're very loose number, Scott, but we put some numbers on the acreage and spacing and...
F. Merelli: Well, it was it was not quite as swag as all of that -- based on what was mapped geologically. And so it was mapped and owned acreage and things they felt good about drilling. So it's going to depend some on product pricing, how much the gas helps the liquids. But that wasn't a maximum number. That really wound up being one of the more conservative side of what we saw out there.
Thomas Jorden: Yes. This is Tom. I think one of the nice things, we're multiplay based, and I wouldn't put too much weight one way or another on that number. We have a lot of potential in a lot of zones that we haven't fully developed. So...
Joseph Albi: That aren't in that number.
Thomas Jorden: ...That aren't that number, yes.
F. Merelli: I don't think Tom is worried about that number being too big. He is worried about the fact that it's a conservative number.
Thomas Jorden: Yes. What I'm really worried about is getting the best returns we can out of our program. Inventory is not in our top concerns. It's high grading, exploiting efficiently, understanding our ultimate spacing early so we can get those efficiencies that we've been asked about. It's a really wonderful basin. And our position in the Permian, sometimes we just want to pinch ourselves for the great strategic vision Mick showed in the acquisition we did years ago.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum.
David Deckelbaum - UBS Investment Bank: I'll make it quick. I guess we've had a lot of answers today. But I guess lastly, just on the Permian, two questions there. One is, in going up to 16, potentially 17, 18 rigs, where are the incremental rigs? You're going off 12 right now. And I guess adding on to that, how would you guys characterize some of the infrastructure restrictions there? I know you said some of the limitation is internal. But certainly, in areas like the Bone Spring and Avalon and some of the more unconventional places, how do you guys view the takeaway capacity restrictions there right now?
Thomas Jorden: David, this is Tom. I am going to do this off the top of my head. I don't have our rig schedule in front of me, but we're going to add a rig this year in White City. That's addition to what we're doing now. They will be drilling these horizontal oil wells. We're going to add a rig in our third Bone Spring play down in Ward County, drilling horizontal oil wells. We'll have one or two additional rigs in the White City-Culberson area, drilling unconventional. And then we'll probably have at least one additional rig in our Paddock-Blinebry trend, drilling vertical oil wells. So that gets you pretty close to the number.  And we are building it -- and your second question was infrastructure takeaway. It's a challenge. One of the reasons that this area in Culberson County is still relatively undeveloped is it has had marketing issues. I mean, there are pipelines going through the area, but all those pipelines are not set up to take rich gas. We're building some pipeline infrastructure. It's certainly a challenge that a number of us are working on. But we're on top of it in getting ahead of our program, in terms of takeaway capacity. Joe, do you want to add to that?
Joseph Albi: Not really too much more, Tom, other than the fact that we're giving it, being new. I think we're in a good position to proactively look at how we ultimately see this thing looking rather than reacting to the way it was put together when we got out there. So we are looking at three or four different markets for the gas and looking where we can put in our own pipeline infrastructure to give us alternatives to various markets.
Thomas Jorden: We have solutions, David. And if we -- we have several solutions today, but we're just looking for an optimum one. We will be able to move our gas off of these leases.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Anadarko Basin, just like the Permian, a big acreage position there. We've heard of some new well plays. Mississippian oil for one, developing there. Do you have any exposure to that? Any plans to test that or have you been testing it? And if so, when might we get some results on that?
Thomas Jorden: Yes, Eric. This is Tom. We haven't talked at all on this call about emerging plays. And I want to say we're always -- that's probably one of our primary focuses as a management team, looking at some new things and trying to add to enlarge our map of places we're focusing on.  Anadarko Basin is one of the places we're just really, really focused on right now, developing some new ideas. That said, we're not in a Mississippian play. We looked at that sometime back and elected not to get aggressive there. There are some things there we were just unable to understand.  And I'll defer you to others that know more about it or speak more about it. If we missed that one, it goes on our list of plays we missed. We have a little bit of acreage up there but nothing critical mass.
Operator: And there are no questions at this time.
Mark Burford: Thank you all for joining us today. The call went a bit long, but appreciate all the questions and looking forward to continue reporting to you in future quarters. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges  Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer  Scott Schroeder  Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Phil Stalnaker  Vice President, Regional Manager - North Region Matt Reid  Vice President, Regional Manager  South Region
Analysts: Brian Lively  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Raymond Deacon  Pritchard Capital Partners Biju Perincheril  Jefferies & Co. Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group Marshall Carver  Capital One Southcoast Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets  
Operator:  Good morning ladies and gentlemen. My name is Christy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the pound key.  I would now like to hand the program over to Mr. Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Dinges: Thanks Christy and good morning. Appreciate you joining us for this third quarter teleconference call. I have Scott Schroeder, our CFO; Jeff Hutton, VP of Marketing; Matt Reid, VP of our South Region; and Phil Stalnaker, VP of our North Region joining me today for the call.  Before we start, forward-looking statements included in the press release apply to my comments today. Now lets get into our releases last night for the quarter. Cabot Oil & Gas reported clean net income of approximately $32 million or $0.31 per share, which exceeded consensus expectations. When you compare these numbers against the previous year third quarter, lower natural gas prices, even with our higher production, did not match the previous year numbers. The selected items for the quarter were mainly an impairment and pension termination-related expenses. The impairment includes two legacy South Texas fields that have not received any capital and we have no planned operations for 2011. The pension charge relates to the acceleration of costs for the plan which the Company terminated September 30, 2010. This amortization will occur for the next five quarters as we go through the regulatory process to unwind the plan. A highlight of the quarter and, I think, a very positive trend was 41% production growth versus last years comparable production volumes for the third quarter. Sequentially from the second quarter, production grew 18%, another significant accomplishment as the Company exceeded its production guidance targets. Additionally year-to-date growth levels are 22% over last years first nine months; and in fact yesterday our year-to-date production matched the full year level reported for 2009, so our production for the remainder of the year will represent year-over-year growth. Natural gas prices, everybodys aware, very soft. The realizations experienced a 27% decline for the quarter while oil prices remain strong. Both realizations were positively impacted by hedges for the quarter.  In terms of hedging, we remain relatively unhedged for 2011 but we did add a costless collar contract for all of 2011, which is indicated on our website. In our guidance  we did post new guidance increasing fourth quarter production for 2010 and established 2009 guidance. The full year expectation for 2010 is now about 25% reported growth. As we move into 2011 and with the second phase of Lathrop still pending, we are providing volumes for the first quarter of 2011 only. However, with no additional capacity from Lathrop, growth expectations are approximately 20% for 2011 full year, and depending on the ultimate timing with Lathrop, percentage growth would only increase from that floor. As soon as we have full clarity on this point, we will communicate the timing and fine-tune further growth expectations. The new guidance for costs highlights the impact of the expanding production base combined with operations focused in just three basins for 2011. Additionally, the capital program changes are identified, establishing 2011 at 600 million and moving the remainder of 2010 up 65 million to 790 million. The two main reasons for the capital increase are our participation in non-operated wells in the Haynesville/Bossier combined with the increased cost of pumping services the industry is seeing across the board. To assist with capital allocation in 2011 in the Haynesville/Bossier area, we are working on a joint venture to fund this area for 2011. Additionally we have provided for an increase to our estimates for pumping services commensurate with current levels, plus added a factor for inflation. Also, we will reduce our rig activity in both regions next year; however, we will still be able to realize our production growth projections established in our guidance. Now lets move to operations. While we currently have operations ongoing in the Marcellus, Haynesville and Eagle Ford for 2011, we will concentrate our capital allocation in the Marcellus and Eagle Ford. In the South Region for the remainder of 2010, Cabot is participating in 16 outside operated Haynesville/Bossier wells that are currently drilling, completing, or waiting on completion with working interests generally ranging from 10 to 20%. Results today in the play continue to show production at high initial rates with excellent recoverable reserves. This is true for both the Haynesville and Bossier formations, so we continue to be encouraged by the Bossier wells on and around our acreage.  Cabot has participated in four Bossier wells in this area. Two of the wells have been completed and have performed equal to or better than the Haynesville completions. The other two remaining wells are scheduled to be completed before year-end. This recent success reinforces our belief that our acreage is located in a core area for both zones. Though unpopular today, our capital allocated this play continues to capture a significant resource potential for the future. As I previously mentioned, Cabot is seeking a 33% working interest in non-operatednon-operating partner in our Haynesville/Bossier acreage. This joint venture would potentially include some upfront consideration plus a capital carry and an AMI which allows for participation in future acreage acquisition. This process is moving forward as we speak. Moving down further South Texas, as reported last night, the Company successfully completed its third Eagle Ford well, the Arminius Energy Trust #2H, which is a 100% operated Cabot well. Located in Frio County, it was drilled to a total depth of 13,175 with a 4,325 foot lateral and is cleaning up, and hit a peak rate of over 600 barrels equivalent yesterday. This well is located in our Buckhorn area. The fourth Company-operated well, the Cromwell Ranch 1H, another 100% Cabot well located in La Salle County, was drilled with a lateral length of 6,000 feet and is scheduled for completion in the next couple of weeks. Additionally, additional drilling in the prospect area is scheduled for later this quarter. Cabot holds approximately 53,000 net acres in the oil window of the play and has over 300 net potential locations. Also in the Eagle Ford oil trend, drilling on our 18,000 acre area of mutual interest with EOG is scheduled to begin by year-end. Each company, as you might be aware, contributed 50% of the acreage in the JV with the operator EOG. The current plan is to keep at least one rig active in the JV area throughout 2011. With our South Region capital being allocated between our operated Buckhorn area and the EOG JV, we anticipate potentially doubling our oil volumes in 2011 from 2010.  Now lets move up to the North Region. In the Marcellus we achieved a new production high of 245 million cubic foot gross per day, predominantly from 43 horizontal wells, and had an outstanding quarter with production growth for the third quarter increasing approximately 74% over the second quarter of 2010. During the quarter, Cabot had two wells exceed the 20 million a day rate for a 24-hour initial production period. One well had a lateral of 4,659 feet in 18 stages while the other had a lateral of 3,960 feet with 15 stages.  Also during the quarter, Cabot completed a three well pad with a total of 55 frac stages, and the three wells are producing a combined 47 million cubic foot, which was highlighted also in the press release last night. Cabot continues to run seven fit for purpose rigs in the Marcellus. Today we have a total of 44 stages currently being completed, 93 stages waiting on pipelines, and 336 stages waiting on completion. With the prolific nature of the wells and completions that we are drilling, coupled with balancing our capital allocation, we will be adjusting our rig count in 2011 to five rigs. Right now we are planning 54 horizontal wells in Susquehanna in 2011 which will provide for a significant growth profile. On a seismic front, Cabot has completed shooting 250 square miles of 3D seismic data and has participated in the acquisition of an additional 85 square miles of 3D seismic in Susquehanna. Right now, we have all of the 335 miles of 3D data in house being interpreted, which covers approximately 60% of our acreage position in the Marcellus. As many of you are aware, at our Lathrop compression station Cabot is still waiting on the air quality permit for our three additional compressors, which was discussed last quarter. Cabot continues to have discussions with the Pennsylvania DEP to resolve this issue. On a positive note, we believe with further engineering we can tweak Lathrop Phase 1 to add 10 to 20 million cubic foot more per day. Additionally, we are working towards the development of three additional compressor sites, two of which will be in limited operation during the latter part of 2011. Our expectation is, at a minimum, we will be able to free flow gas through both of these new compressor sites. None of these potential upsides are in our 20% gross sales forecast for 2011. Our Marcellus is quite a remarkable resource, and even with lower natural gas prices and gas being out of favor with investors, our economic returns are in the top quartile of the food chain. Case in point, while we have seen many strong wells, particularly most recently, our EUR guidance is still only 5.5 Bcf. At the current EUR, 5.5 Bcf, and current pricing, our rate of return will compete with most oil and wet gas projects very favorably. We will update our EUR for Marcellus after our year-end reserve bookings. Also, Cabot continues to evaluate, along with expert consultants, a nine-square mile area in Susquehanna where the Pennsylvania DEP suspended drilling and fracking operations almost a year ago. Cabot had compiled records of the existence of methane in and around the Dimock area long before Cabot began drilling for natural gas. Additionally, Cabot provided copies of sworn affidavits from residents along Carter Road and other areas who acknowledged they had always had methane in their water and even ignited their water prior to Cabot drilling in their community. Cabot has demonstrated it can remediate the preexisting methane in the water wells by installing methane separations systems. In a technical meeting between the Pennsylvania DEP and Cabot just three days prior to the DEPs announced pipeline plan, the DEP acknowledged to Cabot that methane separators have worked in other areas in the state and will work in Dimock. This proven technology is a quicker, cost effective, permanent solution to treat the preexisting methane condition. The Cabot offensive has been required to offset the sudden change in the direction of the preferred solution by the Pennsylvania DEP.  Now lets move back to operations. In the Rocky Mountains in the North Region, our initial rank wildcat in Nevada was dry but it did provide us information to carry to our other two areas in Nevada. It did not condemn our original prospect concept; we just encountered the section a little bit shallower than anticipated. We do plan on shooting additional seismic and continuing our evaluation out there.  In regards to our Montana Heath play, we should be moving a rig in, in the next week or so.  As we continue to execute our program in both regions and look ahead to 2011, we are very well positioned to weather this commodity cycle while still economically building the Company. We have a focus on the Marcellus and Eagle Ford for 2011 with a program that is geared towards cash flow expectations. We are fully aware of concerns of over-extending cash flows in this marketin this type of market, and we will manage these concerns. Additionally, even in this soft natural gas pricing environment, the vast majority of our capital scheduled to be allocated towards the Marcellus and Eagle Ford will deliver very good rate of returns for our shareholders. Christy, with that well be more than happy to take any questions.
Operator: As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star, one on your telephone keypad. We will pause for just a moment to compile the roster. Once again, please press star, one to ask a question. Your first question comes from the line of Brian Lively with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brian Lively  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Dinges: Hey Brian. How are you?
Brian Lively  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Doing all right. In the 2011 $600 million CAPEX budget, can you split that between what youre going to spend in the Marcellus versus the other areas?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, were going to spend $350 million in the Marcellus and $250 million in the South Region.
Brian Lively  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: And within that $350 million Marcellus number, I think you were saying that you could see around 30 wells uncompleted at the end of this year, so Im sure that would carry over into next year. Is that the right way to think of the budget?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, its the right way to think of the budget; but also with our 54 wells scheduled in 2011, as we get to some of those wells at the end of 2011 there will be some carryover into 2012 also.
Brian Lively  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Right. And then thinking about the Lathrop Phase 2 compression and how that could limit production next year, can you just discuss how much gas youll be able to free flow if youre not able to get the compression online?
Dan Dinges: Well, were going to be looking at the compressor station to the east of the Lathrop Teal stations, and were also going to be looking at free flowing gas in a compressor station to the north of our area. And I dont know exactly and have not seen from the region exactly the timing of the well completions in and around those particular compressor sites, but as a, I guess, a bowie to go by, Brian, that these wells certainly come on at rates that will buck the anticipated line pressure at those particular sites. And our initial rates that were seeing out there, particularly with the additional lateral links and frac stages, are typically greater than 10 million a day.
Brian Lively  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: But do you need that Lathrop Phase 2 compression, then, if the rates areand the pressures on the wells are above the pipeline pressure to start with?
Dan Dinges: Sure. You know, weve been producing now out there wellsin fact, of our 43 horizontal wells, we have a couple of wells that have produced well over a year  almost a year and a half, and those particular wells still flowing at good rates are not over 1,000 pounds flow tubing pressure today, so those are the type of wells that you would like to have compression on.
Brian Lively  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Okay, thats helpful. And then last question, if youre able to get the permit, how many additional completions do you think youll take in the Marcellus next year?
Dan Dinges: Im not following exactly what youre asking.
Brian Lively  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: So the plan is 54 wellsor sorry, yeah, 54 wells next year. If you get the permit in place, how many additional completions do you think youll take in the Marcellus with that extra capacity?
Dan Dinges: Well, we havethe Lathrop station, we think could add and additionally up to about 100between 105 and 120 million cubic foot a day. And when you look at the prolific nature of these wellsfor example, just three wells we completed on the Greenwood site are producing over 45 million cubic foot per day just from three wells. So within the 54 wells that we have scheduled for 2011 and the carry-over completions that we see from 2010 with this program, we think we will be able to utilize all of the additional Lathrop compressors and also maybe free flow some gas into those additional compressor sites.
Brian Lively  Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning.
Dan Dinges: Hey Brian.
Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs & Co.: On the three wells that you announced from the zipper fracs, can you talk about what you think the EURs are and how indicative you think those can be relative to future wells you plan to drill in Susquehanna?
Dan Dinges: Well, theits early term, obviously, on the production curve and we have seen with ouragain, our extended laterals and additional fracs, Brian, we have seen some very, very good rates and the wells holding up very well. We are working and starting our push towards year-end reserves. We do 100% reserve audit, as you might be aware. We are pushing towards doing that and what were going to do is after we get our reserve audits, we have a production history from some of these longer laterals, more fracs, at the year-end. Were going to relook at our EUR, the 5.5, and I think well be adjusting that. But to where wed be adjusting it right now, Brian, I think itd be premature.
Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks. And I guess when you think about moving more towards pads, and I assume based on these results  and correct me if Im wrong  you would probably look to do more ofuse more of the zipper frac technology. What are you seeing in terms of how long it would take to drill the well, complete the well, tie the well into sales?
Dan Dinges: You know, its going to depend onwere doing a six well pad site right now, and were drilling on the sixth well on that pad site; so we have had a rig therelet me visit with Phil one second. How long have we had a rig on that pad?
Phil Stalnaker: Roughly five months.
Dan Dinges: Okay. So weve been on that pad site right at five months. Were finishing up the sixth well right now. Well move a crew on there and I would bet that crew will be there a month or more, fracking that pad site.
Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. 
Dan Dinges: Because on theone of the things were doing is were keeping pressure when were completing these on the offsets. Were moving in between the wells to be able to maintain pressure as we frac the offset wells. So it takes a little bit more time just to move up and hook up to the other wells, but thats probably the timing on that particular pad site.
Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Great, thanks. And then lastlyand I apologize if you mentioned this in your opening comments, but I think you did mention you had built in some cost inflation into the 600 million for next year. Could you be a bit moreprovide a little bit more color on where versus todays costs you are assuming we trend next year thats built into that 600 million?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we put in fromso what were seeing on the current frac pumping services per stage cost, and the recent bids we received, weve used those in our capital program estimates; and we put a 5 to 10%, depending on the area and the service, into our capital program.
Brian Singer  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hall with Wells Fargo.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. Good morning everyone. 
Dan Dinges: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: Just a little more on the $600 million spending outlook for next year. Is there any land associated or assumed within that level?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have $25 million in the program.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: And is that just predominantly infill (inaudible) in the Marcellus, or is that
Dan Dinges: Yeah. Justits consolidating positions in the Marcellus as we continue to do that up there; and its also to pick up any additional acreage in any well units that we have scheduled.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then on thein the south, the Eagle Ford spending levelI mean, is itcall it like 125 million, I mean, about half of that 250 million? Or is ithow should I think about that?
Dan Dinges: Probably its a little bit more than half of that. Its a little bit more than youd mentioned.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. And so what kind of type curve are you assuming in the Eagle Ford currently on that doubling liquid volumes withfor next year?
Dan Dinges: Im sorry  you broke up just a little bit on me.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: What sort of type curve are you assuming for the Eagle Ford program next year in your commentary that youre going to double liquid to volume?
Dan Dinges: Well, were kind of looking at the Arminius wells that weve just drilled, and we used those wells, thatthe initial rates. And right now were still obtaining the decline curve but were using what kind of industry has right around in that area for that decline curve.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, fair enough. And then lastly, if you think about getting Lathroplets say we assume its on for the second half, you know, Phase 2. What does the completion backlog look like as you exit 2011? Have you looked at that?
Dan Dinges: Well, we havewe have some wells that we already have completed, and I mentioned that we have a number of wells that were currently completing. We have, like, 44 stages were currently completing. We have eight wells with 93 stages that are waiting on a pipeline, and thoseand again, the wells that were currently completing. So we have a pretty good lineup to flow into Lathrop once we can get that air quality permit.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. I guess one more, then. On the timing and on the air quality permit, anyobviously (inaudible) give us the expected timing currently, but any thoughts on when you might have additional clarity on that? When are you hoping for having some better certainty around that?
Dan Dinges: Yeah we have, again, submitted the information to the DEP. The DEP has had it. The regulatory process in Pennsylvania right now is, I think at best, unpredictable for us at this stage; and we continue, though, to communicate and make every effort to answer any questions or information that they request of Cabot. We also are continuing to make requests to have meetings with the DEP and to make sure we can facilitate and answer any questions that they may have. So speculating on the timing is difficult. We do know that they had issued recently a permit and that permit was a permit that was simply situated as Cabots Lathrop station. So were confident that the process used to award that permit would be available to Cabot also.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Very good. Well, thanks very much.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gil Yang with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Theit sounds like your capital budget for 2011 would be unaffected by whenor the timing of the Lathrop permit issuance. Is that correct?
Dan Dinges: Yes.
Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay, so we would reallyyou know, the only difference to us in some sense would be that the exit number of wells that you had awaiting on pipeline would be different, but you wouldnt spend more or less money ifonce the permit is issued, right?
Dan Dinges: Thats correct. We havewe have our budget set, plan on five rigs in the Marcellus. We do anticipate Lathrop tothree compressors to be installed at Lathrop. Weve only given guidance for first quarter, though, at this stage. But again, with the prolific nature of the well that we see up there, we think the 54 wells and the completions that we have scheduled during 20actually between now and through 2011, that we will be able to increase our production up there significantly with those wells.
Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Could you give us maybe two scenarios  if Lathrop came on January 1 or didnt, how many wells would you exit the year waiting on pipeline; and how about if Lathrop didnt come online, how many wells would be waiting on pipeline at the end of the year?
Dan Dinges: You talking about at the end of 2011?
Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Right.
Dan Dinges: Or are you talking about the end of 2010?
Gil Yang  Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: No, no. So if in one case, if Lathrop came onwas on for the full year, and in the other case it was not on at all, what would be the exit rateexit number of waiting on pipeline wells in either case?
Dan Dinges: Well, we haveagain, not only do we have the planned three compressors at Lathrop that wewe are looking forward to installing and producing into, we are also moving forward with the additional compressor sites and we are moving forward to set compression there also; but we will free flow gas through those compressor sites, and how many wells we are able to free flow through that, we are still in the planning stages of the total number that would be able toand would like to drill in and around those particular compressor sites versus in other areas. So that is still a work in progress, to look that far out, Gil. So I dont have the exact number of how many we would exit in 2011.
Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And these new compressor locations  what kind of permitting issues are required there?
Dan Dinges: Well still be submitting the similar-type permits. I think one of the things that I have read out there is in light of an election thats coming up November 2, I have read that theboth candidates out there have a desire to define the regulatory process in a clear manner and to allow science and technology and clarity to rule as they make decisions. So I look forward to the Pennsylvania DEP able to communicate to industry in a way that would add clarity and allow me to be able to answer the questions that I always get.
Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Doesis there any chance that the Lathrop permits come after these other permits, or do you think that theyll come in one big lump or, you know, will they be done sort of in the order in which they were filed?
Dan Dinges: No, I think Lathrop would come before the other permit sites.
Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then last question  the Eagle Ford, you know, the oneI guess your first well was flowing flat for six weeks. Is that on pump? When did it go on pump, and how long do you think it would stay flat? And then, you know, whats the EUR implication of that?
Dan Dinges: We certainly expected that it would decline. We certainly expect that. Ill let Matt make a comment on it.
Matt Reid: No, its actuallyweve got actually tubing run on that well and itll be flowing for a while. I would anticipate for a couple of months. Weve got gas lift valves running in it as well. Liquid on gas lift initially and then put it on pump after that.
Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Do you have an EUR expectation for the well?
Matt Reid: Weve got some typical curves in the area. I would say were somewhere between 250 and 300,000 barrels.
Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And what would be the rate of return on that well? What was the cost and what would be the rate of return?
Matt Reid: The cost on the initial wellof course, we moved a rig out of East Texas upa typical well in there is going to be about 7.5 to 8.5 million. Rate of return is about 40% detax.
Gil Yang  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ray Deacon with Pritchard Capital.
Raymond Deacon  Pritchard Capital Partners: Yeah, hey Dan. I was wondering in the 250 million youre going to spend in 2011, how does the mix shift between Haynesville and Petit? I guess, is there more activity on the Petit in there if you got all the leases held that youor when do you get the leases held?
Dan Dinges: We do not have awe do not have Petit drilling in that number, Ray. Were going to be, again, mainly focused down in the Eagle Ford.
Raymond Deacon  Pritchard Capital Partners: Okay, got it. Got it. And just one other question  with fracking in the Marcellus, I guess, do you feel the need to lock up a frac crew on a long-term basis, and how many of these 11 locations do you have kind of firm dates lined up?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we are at, right now, Ray, bidding frac crews and trying to establish a longer term relation on our program out there in the Eagle Ford. So yeah, we are out there the market, and we would beexcuse me, in the Marcellus. We are out there trying to establish a term relationship.
Raymond Deacon  Pritchard Capital Partners: Okay, got it. Thanks very much.
Dan Dinges: All right. Thank you, Ray.
Operator: Your next question comes from Biju Perincheril with Jefferies.
Biju Perincheril  Jefferies & Co.: Hey, good morning. A couple of questions  first on the CAPEX, can you give us sort of how much you spent this year and what you plan to spend next year for midstream and leasing?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, weve spent about $125 million on leasing this year, and Scott--?
Scott Schroeder:  Fifty-eight on pipeline.
Dan Dinges: Fifty-eight million on the
Scott Schroeder: Pipeline gathering.
Dan Dinges: Pipeline gathering.
Scott Schroeder: Next year its 20 and 27.
Dan Dinges: And next year its 20 and 27.
Biju Perincheril  Jefferies & Co.: 20 and 27. Okay. And then if Lathrop comes on, lets say, around mid-year or so, what would be the additional CAPEX that you would need to tie in those wells? And similarly for thoseyou mentioned that you are working on three other pipeline taps and theres nothing in the volume guidance for those; but is there anything there in the CAPEX number, and if not, what could be the incremental there?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, thein our number for facilities is the tie in for the Lathrop compressors. We have included, and we include in the cost of our completions, about $150,000 per well that is akind of a capture amount for our pipelines and hookups from the well pad to the compressor site. All of that is ongoing right now. In fact, we have allthe majority of that in place already. So any incremental capital, its not necessary.
Biju Perincheril  Jefferies & Co.: Okay, so if Lathrop comes on and you had these prolific wells, or youreyou know, you might be hooking up a few more wells, but youre saying about 150,000 per well is what will be needed to hook up those wells?
Dan Dinges: Yes, but we already have some of those wells hooked up.
Biju Perincheril  Jefferies & Co.: Got you.
Dan Dinges: Theyre ready to go; its just a matter of hooking up the compressor site.
Biju Perincheril  Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Andokay. And then other compressorall the other pipeline taps, those are also in the CAPEX numbers?
Dan Dinges: Thats correct.
Biju Perincheril  Jefferies & Co.: Okay. And then I know you just mentionedyou know, youre looking at maybe some dedicated crews for Marcellus, but given what were seeing in the Eagle Ford area, how are you thinking about that program, especially for next year? You were counting on a pretty significant volume ramp up from there?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, and we are also bidding crews right now for the Eagle Ford.
Biju Perincheril  Jefferies & Co.:  Okay, and how many rigs are you going to run there next year? I mean, are you looking at a program that would necessitate a dedicated crew for the year?
Dan Dinges: We would hope to have a couple of rigs running down there the entire year.
Biju Perincheril  Jefferies & Co.:  Got it. Okay, thanks for the time. Thats all I had.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Biju.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Christensen with Buckingham Research.
Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group: Yes. In East Texas, I gather that there are a number of wells that have been drilled case but not completed, waiting on frac crews. What would you estimate that potential volumeassociated volume is that didnt show up, I guess, in your quarter?
Dan Dinges: We have a number of wells, Robert, that are either waiting on pipeline hookup or waiting on completions. Have probably pushing 10 wells that are waiting on completion, and we have in those wells a varying amount of working interest ownership, so I dont have that exactthat exact net production number, but a number of them are waiting on completion.
Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group: On completion of that. The second thing on this Lathrop station, I mean, what is the exact issue? It sounds like you had to go back and resubmit information. What isis it Knox or what unusual issue exists with this particular compressor station?
Dan Dinges: Well, the original application was submitted as a single-source point for emissions; in other words, the calculation be done at Lathrop station. And that was pursuant to regulations and the requirement. Somewhere in approximately May timeframe, the DEP indicated that the determination of issuing air quality permits will be based on an aggregation calculation, and that means to aggregate not only the Lathrop emissions but also aggregate it with the Teal compressor site also. And in an aggregation sense, there has not been any clarity on that particular process; and in fact, were uncertain on whether or not does aggregation mean that every well that is hooked up to the pipelines and the compressor stations, does that have to be included and does future wells that would be hooked up to that pipeline have to be included? Were uncertain about all that, and there hasnt been clear definition provided to industry to answer that question. So theboiling it down, bottom line is are they making decision as the regulations had provided for on a single-source air quality permit, or are they going to consider aggregation as their requirements to issue air quality permits. Thats the defining question.
Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group: Fair. Just coming to the Eagle Ford, would you think your acreage  your 53,000 net acres  isif we looked across it, do you think the rock qualities could be better away from the current wells you drill? Should we have expectations for better performance off better rock? Thats question one. And question two, what are the early indications of the rock quality over on the JV acreage with EOG, relative to what youre shown us youre capable of today?
Dan Dinges: Well, we havecertainly anticipate the differences in the kind of the three areas that we have acreage. The offset wells to EOGsto the EOG JV just to the east of us, I think some of those wells are outputting over 1,000 barrels a day with also associated gas. And the area that we have and what were producing, I thinkI would not be surprised that we dont see EURs over the 300,000 barrels that Matt indicated with a consistency with the laterals and the 20-stage fracs versus, say, a 12 to 15-stage frac. And we are evaluating in our area in Zavalawere just evaluating the industry activity up there. We think the EURs up there are going to be a little bit less, but we also think the drilling and completion costs, because its a little shallower, will be less also. So that particular acreage up there  and theres about 10,000-something acres up there  that particular area up there is going to take a little bit of the valuation from industry and a couple of wells up there to determine the returns and economics for that particular acreage. So I think we are going to see differences throughoutnot only throughout our acreage, but the industry will see throughout the trend differences in the Eagle Ford.
Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group: One final, if I may  when these things do go on pump, do you put them on electric submersible pumps or are they on pump jacks? What happens there at the end? Which is more cost effective, or how does it go?
Matt Reid: Well, weve done both. Weve actually, early on to get a lot of the fluid from the frac off the formation, weve gone to submersible pumps or to gas lift. And then we eventually move toward a conventional rock pump as rates come down the 200, 300 barrel range.
Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group: Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Thanks, Robert. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marshall Carver with Capital One South.
Marshall Carver  Capital One Southcoast: Yes, good morning. A couple of questions. On the production guidance for Q4 and also in the third quarter, looks like you had good gas production growth but tweaked down on oil. Why the tweak down on oil guidance?
Dan Dinges: Because we havein order to handle our capital allocation, we had scheduled earlier more Petit wells to be drilled. But with the number of non-op Haynesville/Bossier wells, we have postponed some of the Petit drilling, which was oil related. 
Marshall Carver  Capital One Southcoast: Okay. That makes sense. And then on theboth the Chainman Shale and the Heath play, could you mention how many acresnet acres you have in each of those plays, expected well costs, and if there are any well results around for each of those plays, please?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, Ill let Phil Stalnaker, our VP of our North Region, answer that.
Phil Stalnaker: In the Chainman we have overaround 72,000 net acres, and that was a rank wildcat. Nothing else right around that particular area. In the Heath, we have over 100,000 net acres in that area. There areit looks like theres some recent activity but no results from the Heath in that area.
Marshall Carver  Capital One Southcoast:  Okay, and the expected well costs?
Phil Stalnaker: On the Heath, were looking at, on this initial well, approximately $4 million completed.
Marshall Carver  Capital One Southcoast: And how much was the Chainman well?
Phil Stalnaker: The (inaudible) cost is a little over 2--$2.5 million.
Marshall Carver  Capital One Southcoast: Okay, thats it for me. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Marshall.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Aydin with Keybanc.
Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets: Hey Dan.
Dan Dinges: Hey Jack. How are you?
Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets: Good. On the Lathropgoing back to Lathrop station. Your competitor got the permit. Was that single sourcebased on a single source or an aggregated source?
Dan Dinges: We understand it was based on a single source.
Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, good. Im glad that one. Now second, regarding the Haynesville, its basically looking a lot for JV or carry. Howwhat kind of progress youre making in that area?
Dan Dinges: We havewe have a third party thats helping us out with that. We have CAs that have been executed and we have a data room schedule set up, and we have a bid deadline set up also.
Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets: What is the deadline? The bid deadline?
Dan Dinges: December 15.
Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Dan Dinges: The bids due December 15.
Jack Aydin  Keybanc Capital Markets: Third question  looking at your guidance, it looks like the exploration expenses guidance for the fourth quarter, it looks on the high. What did you bake into those numbers?
Dan Dinges: Let me getlet me get what that is. Okay, we hadwe had 7 million in the Buckhorn seismic in that.
Jack Aydin- Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Jack.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Michael Hall with Wells Fargo.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: Hey, thanks for the follow-up. Just quickly wanted toyou threw out, I think, 7.5 to 8.5 million per well in the Eagle Ford there. Its a bit higher maybe than I had been thinking. Whatcan you break that out between, I guess, what the completion cost is versus the drilling cost?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we have probably about 3 million or so in the drilling and 4.5 or so, or a little bit more, in the completion, depending on the number of stages.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then one more, if I may  just coming back to the (inaudible) program for 2011 and how it interacts with the Lathrop air quality permit. You know, in the worst case if you dont get it, why not spend less? It sounds like youll kind of spend the money no matter what. I was just trying to kind of understand that, given the big backlog.
Dan Dinges: Well yeah, thats a fair question, Michael. We fully anticipate, again, getting the permit and were moving ahead because our expectation, if you put it on a risk basis and chance of success basis, we fully expect to get the permit. The type of permit that were requesting is not a unique permit for the oil and gas industry. It is just purely a clean, simple compressor station. Compressionin any shale play area that has gas, compression is going to be needed, so approval of this type of facility is going to be done if they want production. Its just that easy. So if in fact we find that the Pennsylvania DEP has made decisions that they dont want compression up there, I think youre going to make see industry make a wholesale change, and not spend as much capital up there would be one of them. 
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thats very helpful, thank you. And then I guess one last one  there was some discussion or some headlines yesterday that there may be a moratorium on the Pennsylvania state forest leasing. Would that at all impact your leasing plans for next year?
Dan Dinges: No. No, it will not.
Michael Hall  Wells Fargo Securities: Great. Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: And you have a follow-up question from Robert Christensen with Buckingham Research.
Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group: Yes, thank you. On hedging in 2011, it appears to us that you did not add additional hedges in 2011. Is it the inability to hedge more, the unwillingness to hedge more, or even a view that gas prices get better and no reason to position more gas forward? Could you help us on the hedging story at Cabot, please?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, Robert, we did hedge an oil contract recently, so we did add a hedge there. As far as gas hedges, we wish we were 100% hedged at where were hedged right now in 2010, but were not. We do think that as far as where the strip price is right now, hedging at this level, we think, would be purely a defensive hedge, and you could make the argument both ways that Ill go ahead and make that defensive hedge, but we think well have price realizations at least where the strip price is today.
Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group: But with your cost structure, that would not appear to be running at profitable levels where strip prices are today; or barely, I guess, on 2011. With the cost structure all in, its like 392, (inaudible) BTU.
Dan Dinges: Well, if you look at the curve hits and the economics that were runningfor example, where were allocating two-thirds of our capital in the Marcellus, were using a current EUR of 5.5 Bcfe. We have our currentwe have our current IPs that were seeing up there, and using your number, Robert, and using our current existing completion cost, at $4.00 we are pushing 100% return, so we think that is a very good return for our shareholders.
Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group: Got it. So on everything thats incremental in the Company, great returns. Historic doesnt play under the sort of forward deck. Is that how to interpret that? I guess
Dan Dinges: Im not understanding your question.
Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group: Well to me, on a go-forward basis as you define the Marcellus, highly economic at $4.00, or 100% returns. Everything else, you know, your cost basis in the entire company, looking at your per unit costs, lookingall in, taxes, DD&A, G&A, what have you, was $3.92 in the quarter per Mcf. So the economics arent there sort of for the historical assets, but on everything thats involved with growth, Marcellus and Eagle Ford, fantastic returns. 
Dan Dinges: Yeah, and that kind of goes back to the statement I first made. I wish we were 100% hedged at our current strip priceI mean, our current hedge price.
Robert Christensen  Buckingham Research Group: Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I now hand the program back over to management for any further comments or closing remarks.
Dan Dinges: Well thats it, Christy. I appreciate everybodys interest and we do look forward to not only our ongoing program for 2010 but rolling into 2011; and I think you can see with some of the numbers that we put out today that we are yielding very positive returns for the shareholder with every dollar spent. I appreciate your interest and consideration. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-04 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Burford - Director, Capital Markets Mick Merelli - President & CEO Tom Jorden - EVP, Exploration Joe Albi - EVP, Operations Paul Korus - VP & CFO
Analysts: Mitch Wurschmidt - Keybanc Capital Markets. Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose Gil Yang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital [Ronny Iceman] - JPMorgan Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Market 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Regina and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cimarex Second Quarter 2010 Financial and Operating Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Burford, Director of Capital Markets. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Mark Burford: Thank you very much Regina, appreciate it and welcome everyone and thank you for joining us today for our second quarter conference call. We did issue our earnings release this morning, a copy of which can be found in our website and I will refer it to you. We'll be making forward looking statements in this conference call. So I will refer you to the end of that press release for our disclaimer regarding forward looking statements. And here in Denver on today's call we have Mick Merelli, our Chairman, & CEO; Tom Jorden, EVP of Exploration; Joseph Albi, EVP of Operations; Paul Korus, Vice President & CFO and Jim Shonsey, VP & Controller. So with those introductions over, let's just go and jump into the call. I'm turning the call over to Mick Merelli.
Mick Merelli: Yeah, thanks. Thanks for joining us today on the call. We had a solid second quarter. We grew production 31% over last year, hitting a record of 594 million cubic feet equivalent per day. Second quarter volumes were made up of 37,000,173 barrels per day of liquids and 371 million cubic feet a day of gas. Our production mix is 62% gas and 38% liquids and that's using 6:1 conversion. Our gas versus liquids on a revenue basis is 41% gas and 59% liquids. We do have a strong liquids contribution in our Cana play in the Gulf Coast and of course our Permian activities. We reported second quarter earnings of a $125 million or about a $1.46 per share and cash flow from operations totaled $260 million. Our exploration and development capital investment in the quarter was $247 million. Our six month E&D capital has totaled $430 million. For the full year 2010 the capital program will likely fall within a range if 900 million to a $1 billion. We extent to continue to fund this capital and investment for that program out of our operating cash flow. The range is up from our previous range of 700 to 900 million. We continue to have very good results in our Permian Basin drilling and we are getting more active there. Our rig count is up. We've been acquiring acreage. We've acquired about 45,000 net acres in our Delaware basin activities so far this year; probably acquire more as the year goes on. So we're expanding in that area. So our capital is moving ahead. We're having a good year. Of course we define that based on getting good returns on our capital invested and we like the returns that we're getting so far. Now I'm going to pass it off to Tom and Joe and let them cover our drilling and production in more detail. And with that Tom, tell us about the drilling program.
Tom Jorden: Thanks Mick and good morning or good afternoon to everyone. As Mick said, operationally our second quarter was a very good one for Cimarex and we're feeling quiet positive about the remainder of the year and in actual future years. All of our areas are continuing to perform very well as we've highlighted in the past. Just to recap, our three core areas are the mid-continent which is essentially our resource gas play; our Permian, which is essentially horizontal oil drilling and our onshore Gulf Coast.  We have a great balance of opportunities and as we always remind you, we are ready to return focus, but right now with the high relative value of oil, we are adding capital towards our higher return Permian Basin horizontal drilling. Our current guidance estimate for capital is between 900 and a $1 billion would break down to about equal 45% between Mid-Continent and Permian, and then approximately 10% of that total capital should be spent in our Gulf Coast. So, that's change from prior. The most significant change there is our Permian capital has ramped up over previous estimates and really is going toe-to-toe with our Mid-Continent, Cana and another obligations that we're pursuing aggressively. So, I'll cover and summarize some of our drilling activity. Our overall exploration and development activity for quarter, we drilled and completed 89 gross or 55 net wells in the first half of 2010, of which 84 gross or 52 net were successful. At quarter end, we had 33 gross or 16.5 net wells that were in the process of being completed or awaiting on completion. So we still have a fair backlog of completion activity. In the Mid-Continent, we drilled and completed 49 gross or 24.2 net Mid-Continent wells during the first six months of 2010 and 100% of those were producers. At quarter end, we had 17 gross or 6.7 net wells that were in the process of being completed or were awaiting on completion. For the Mid-Continent, first half 2010 exploration development capital totaled 200 million or about 46% of our projected total capital. In our western Oklahoma, Cana-Woodford Shale play, we drilled and completed 35 gross or 15.6 net wells during the first half of 2010. At quarter end, 15 gross or 6 net wells were being completed or awaiting on completion in this area. So, we're on track to get about 35 net wells drilled and completed this year. Since our Cana-Woodford drilling began in late 2007, we participated in 123 gross or 51.6 net wells and out of those total wells, 92 gross or 38.8 net were on production at quarter end and the remainder were either drilling or waiting on completion. Second quarter 2010 net production from the Cana play averaged 75 million cubic feet equivalent per day versus the second quarter 2009 average of 24 million cubic feet equivalent per day. So, we've seen our results ramp up there. We are very, very pleased with continuing improving results out of our Cana play. Our Woodford drilling to-date in our Cana play has been one well per section and we've spoken extensively about that in the past. In order to determine optimal spacing, we initiated an infill pilot program. We have done this jointly with a partner and the tests consist of nine total horizontal Woodford wells being drilled and completed within one square mile. Five of those wells were spaced 500 feet apart and the other four wells were spaced 660 feet apart. Our initial results are encouraging. We've about 45 days of flow back. We're still waiting on significant data coming in but we can give you a little bit of flavor of our results. We'll continue to monitor the performance from these wells to determine if these results support 80 acre or the tighter spacing is actually 64 acre spacing. If that were to happen, the results would significantly increase our view of the resource potential for our Cana play. Of the infill wells we've drilled after our 45 days of production, our first 30-day average of those wells is somewhere between 5.1 and 5.4 million cubic feet equivalent per day and that's an average and includes the wet gas stream and the wellhead condensate. We're seeing results that are very, very encouraging that said we're still watching those wells, we have a lot of data that we've collected, that we have yet to analyze and just to give you a flavor what that is, we recorded extensive MicroSeismicon those wells to try to map the fracture efficiency, the degree to which the fractures of adjacent wells, may or may not be interfering with one another but fracture wing link, now we haven't the results that MicroSeismicdata yet. It was a complex job with different receiver strings and vertical and horizontal wells and it's still in processing. So, one of the critical pieces of data from that pilot project being the MicroSeismicjob still, we haven't seen even preliminary results on that. We also put tracers on our wells and we haven't seen any results from our tracer data so that's a critical piece of data that we have yet to see and then we haven't yet brought back our parent wells to see what extent they'll come back or what the extend the in-field drilling has affected them. So, our MicroSeismicdata or tracer data bring the parent wells back and then just saying a little longer performance of those infill wells are critical to us before we wanted to be definitive but we will say that our initial results are quite encouraging and look like certainly we've got some nice 30-day average flow rates out of those infill well on an 80 and 64-acre pilot project. I'd like to touch on a couple other areas in the Mid-Continent and just give us some highlights. Staying on Cana, what we've discussed our Southern acreage and our quandary as to whether that will ultimately be economic. We have about 10,000 acres of our total acreage positions in the Southern extent of the play. We drilled our Oaks Well that well is somewhat encouraging, it's currently making 2.3 million cubic feet gas a day and 55 barrels of condensate a day, that's given us encouragement enough to continue to keep that area alive, we're releasing lands to the extent we can, we are evaluating that to see if we'll drill additional wells down there but certainly we're not relying of and that was the risk in the project if we haven't had some encouragement. We continue to optimize our completions, our track fracs are -- we're going back to 13 stages after experimenting with going to as many as 20, we didn't see the kind of uplift with that those additional hydraulic facture stages that we're looking for, what we did there, we had the lateral link the same, we reduced our stage link to get more stages in the borehole, didn't see any improvement there, so we've dialed that back. We've also cut our job size down a little bit, we were at one point, up to as much as 250,000 pounds per stage of profit, 340,000 gallons of slick water per stage and we're currently dialing at down to about 120,000 pounds per stage of profit and that's 40-70 resin-coated profit and we're about 180,000 gallons of slick water per stage and we think that's not going to leave to any degradation of results to dial that back. Our current cost in the Cana play, our AFEs is somewhere between 7.1 million and 7.5 million to drill a complete these wells, that's something that we put a lot of energy on to see if we can get that down. Right now, we're focusing, we've been putting a lot of efforts into geo steering our wells and we're making sure that we're targeting particular subsets of the Woodford reformation and we're looking to see if we can relax that a little bit and drill these wells a little faster. So, we're still in the process of optimizing, the Cana play continue to be a strong focus of ours, our results are very encouraging, both from our continued improvement of results from our parent wells with also our initial results of pilot project are something that, although we are still studying it, we are encouraged by it. Moving on in the Mid-Continents, the Texas Panhandle, in the first half of 2010 we drilled 8 gross wells or 6.2 net wells, 7 of those were Granite Wash and one was, one was Morrow. Second quarter drilling included our George 17-4H well, where we had a 61% working interest, that's a horizontal Granite Wash well in Southern Hempfield County. That actually offsets our huff well and we have talked about in past. That was brought into production in late June, it averages 7.9 million cubic equivalent per day about 6.9 million cubic feet of gas and a 180 barrels a day oil in the first 25 days. We were encouraged by that that was actually a shorter lateral then the huff, but still very nice result. Now moving on to the Permian Basin, in the first half of 2010, we drilled and completed 33 gross or 24.7 net Permian basin wells, 94% of those were completed as producers. At quarter end we had 15 gross 38.8 net wells that were in the process of being completed or were waiting completion. First half 2010 exploration and development capital for the Permian totaled a 155 million or about 36% of our total capital. So, as you can see first half we were about 36% of total capital, I said earlier we are projecting 45% of our total capital to be for total year for the Permian, so that tells you that we're ramping up our activity in the Permian. We got some great plays, we're very exited about and as Nick also said we're off on some very active leasing projects in Permian basin. Starting off the Northern portion of our South Eastern Mexico Eddy Chaves County is Abo program. We've had some new results come in there, we have two wells that were currently - two rigs that were are currently drilling, we have a 3D seismic shoot that we are currently acquiring data on in that play. That Abo program continues produce very, very nice results and really glad to have it. Recent Abo wells are brought in production includes our Valley Forge 20 State Com 4H. Came on 590 barrels of oil equivalent per day and there we have a 50% working interest. We have over 35,000 net acres in the Abo and we see multi-years of drilling, as I said we have two rigs running and should keep two rigs there for the foreseeable future. Moving on to out Central Eddy & Lea County First & Second Bone Spring program, that's one that we've talked about in the past that's a new program in Cimarex in 2009 and has become our most active program in the Permian basin. Recent Bone Spring Horizontal oil wells include our Parkway State Com 2H. Where we have a 58% working interest, came on a 970 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our Southern California 29 Fed 15H, there we had a 100% working interest, that well came on at 1,100 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And those are 30 day average rates. So, we are seeing some outstanding results in our horizontal oil play in Eddy and Lea County. Moving on further South in Eddy country in our White City area, we're also evaluating the Bone Spring potential. That's an area that historically was a more of a vertical well gas play. We then turn it into Shale horizontal Delaware play we've talked about that in the past and then we are evaluating net acreage for the first and second Bone spring, we have talked in the past, we have drilled a horizontal Avalon shale well. We're currently valuating that well. But we're encouraged with the results. We're having outstanding results in the Permian. We're seeing great returns and as I said, we're picking up activity and we see that as an increase on our operating rig count from five, beginning of the first quarter, to 12 operating rigs currently. With the increase in rig count, we expect to drill approximately 100 net wells in 2010, which is a 33% increase over the assessment of 75 net wells. Our 100 net wells fall within our major plays. We'll have 30 of them in the Bone Spring play, 15 of the in the Abo play, and 40 wells in the (inaudible) drilling vertical wells. Moving on to the Gulf Coast, and the Gulf Coast for first half of 2010 and in our southeast Texas Yegua/Cook Mountain terrain, we drilled 7 gross or 6.6 net wells, of which 6 or 5.6 net wells were successful and the Gulf Coast first half of 2010 exploration development capital totaled 72 million or about 17% of our total capital. Out Gulf Coast drilling has been primarily there with City of Beaumont, in Jefferson County where we had 5 gross or 4.6 net wells, all of which were successful. In the second quarter, we brought on our Manion Gas Unit No 1 and our Jefferson Airplane No 4 wells. Our Manion Gas Unit No 1, is currently producing 6.7 million cubic feet a day a very nice well full of smaller features. It's producing out at the same, Kirby Sand. There is our Two Sisters, or Amazon Queen or Nine Dragons well. So, I would continue to be encouraged by the results we're seeing there. Our Jefferson Airplane Complex, we're monitoring it. We've had some issues with some sand production there. We brought some of our wells to lower rates to control our sand production. Our higher productive wells are in compared to drainage there. So, we're having to manage that compared to drainage situation and manage our sand production. So, it's been a bit of balancing act in the Jefferson Airplane Complex. But, overall I would say our wells are performing as expected. Since quarter end, we brought on our BP Fairfield well and that's a smaller feature in the Yegua Sand that was currently making 5.2 million cubic feet a day. We're also bringing our FE well online. That's another very smaller Kirby feature. And then we talked about our deeper prospect. We're currently drilling our Tallapoosa prospect. That's a well named with JB Gordon No 1. That's a deeper prospect. It's much higher risk. It's higher potential. It actually sits some 1,500-2000 feet our Kirby Sand. As we talked about in the past, we see a deeper set of geophysical anomalies in our date set that we're very anxious to testing. We had several follow-up ideas at Tallapoosa prospect. We're going to be successful. But again, the fact that we have had such good success on this survey doesn't do anything to de-risk or de-project it. It really stands alone with its own ground for risk profile. But that well's underway. We're very excited to see that well down and if we're successful, it would lead to some follow-up drilling. So, we currently have one rig drilling in our southeast Texas Yegua/Cook Mountain play and studies as she goes, we will see what happens. We've said in the past, we're always trying to extend that plays. We're working on some new ideas to extend that. That's a play that's been a core part of our business for many years and will be for the foreseeable future. So, very nice results so far this year. All three of our core businesses are performing well. We are ramping up our Permian activity but we like that balance. We certainly liked the results we're seeing in our mid-continent program, dominant of our Cana resource gas play. Our Permian program is firing on all cylinders. That's internally generated opportunities and we've had some outstanding results and then our Gulf Coast program continues to perform as expected and we still have a fair amount of drilling to do there. So with that I'll turn it over to Joe Albi, our Executive Vice President of Operations.
Joe Albi: Thank you Tom and thank you all for joining us today on our call. I'll hit on our second quarter production results, update you on our 2010 guidance, touch a bit on our production group activities and then follow up with a few comments on where we see current service costs. As Mick mentioned, Q2 was another good solid quarter for us with the continued success that we had in each of our core areas. We reported average net daily equivalent production of 594.4 million a day and despite being somewhat impacted by pipeline and facility shut ins, we really set some nice marks during the quarter. We came in at the upper end of our projected guidance of 570 to 600 million a day. We set a new company record for quarterly production. We had our fourth consecutive quarterly increase in production since we slowed down our activity in late 2008 and early 2009. We were up 140 million a day or 31% from our Q2'09 average of 454 million a day and we were up nearly 10 million a day as compared to Q1'10. In comparing second quarter '10 results to second quarter of '09, we saw nice production increases in both gas and oil and NGL liquids. Our Q2'10 gas production of 371.4 million a day was up 54 million a day or 17% from our Q2'09 average of 318 million a day while our Q2'10 oil and NGL production of 47,000 barrels a day was up more than two fold from the 23,000 barrels a day that we reported in Q2'09. As compared to Q1'10, on an equivalent basis, we were up in each of our core areas. In the mid-continent, our second quarter production of 248.4 million a day was up nearly 10 million a day from our first quarter average of 238.8 million a day. Our Gulf Coast onshore production of 183.2 million a day was up 2 million a day from our Q1 average of 181 million a day while our Q2 Permian production of 155.1 million a day was up slightly from our Q1 average of $154.5 million a day. Now I want to spend just a little bit of time discussing our Q2 numbers as they compare to Q1. At first glance you'll see that our reported gas production of 371.4 million a day was down about 5% from our first quarter average of 391 million a day. Our reported oil production of 26,400 barrels a day was down 5.7% from our first quarter average of 28,000 barrels a day but our reported NGL production of 10,800 barrels a day was up 151% from our Q1 average of 4,300 barrels a day. Digging deeper into the numbers, three factors really come to surface. First, as Tom alluded to, beginning in April and continuing into June we intentionally reduced the production rates of three of our Beaumont wells to protect the wells from reservoir management standpoint. In April we saw early signs of potential fine sand flow production in our Jefferson Airplane number 1 well. We did extensive modeling of the reservoir and wellbore flow conditions and we made the decision to cut that production from not only that well but also two other Jefferson Airplane wells during the quarter. The rate reductions occurred ongoing from April through June and although pinching back the wells reduced our production during the quarter we announced just deferred production from these wells and minimize or anticipated declines in Q3 and Q4. Secondly, we experienced a number of unanticipated pipeline and facility related shut-ins during the quarter which deferred upwards of 10 to 15 million a day of production during the quarter and the majority of these occurred in South Texas and Permian. And thirdly, our increased natural gas liquid production was a result of real three things, increased Cana and other process gas drilling activity, contract amendments in South Texas and the Permian and our continued focus of maximize the delivery of our South Texas gas into the markets to provide processing. But when the dust settled our intentional rate reductions in the Jefferson Airplane wells and the pipeline facility shut-ins reduced our second quarter oil and gas production from the levels we saw in Q1 while our focus on processing resulted in a increased production from natural gas liquids in the second quarter as compared to Q1. In the end of equivalent basis we are up for the quarter and essence just shifted some production from Q2 into Q3 and Q3. So, looking forward with the modeling of activity in each of our core areas we have increased our production guidance to the remainder of the year. All three of our core areas provide us with catalyst for continued production growth. During Q2, we saw our Cana program deliver another quarter of production growth growing our mid-continent gas production by 8 million a day from Q1 to Q2 from a 188 million a day in a Q1 to 196 million a day in Q2. We anticipate the program to continue the production growth during the year and ultimately getting near that number I think we quoted in our last conference call where we'll see total Cana production get upwards of a 100 million a day by the end of the year. We picked up our activity in the Permian, as Tom mentioned we have got we have gone from five rigs in March to a current level of 12. The results of that activity really is expected to been seen here in the last half of the year and not so much here during Q2. And our current rig schedule for South Texas includes a good number of leads that if they are successful they can certainly help us in the tail end of 2010 and certainly through 2011. So, as a result we have increased our production guidance projections for the remainder of the year and despite selling about 3.5 million a day of production at the end of Q2, closing date on that transaction was June 30. Our guidance for Q3 production is estimated at 585 to 815 million cubic feet equivalence per day that's up by healthy 33 to 39% from our Q3, '09 average of 442 million a day. And for the year we have increased our 2010 guidance once again, projecting total company net equivalent production of 585 to 609 million a day for the year. That's up from our guidance last quarter of 575 to 595 and up significantly from our beginning year guidance of 540 to 570 million a day. It also represents a very respectable 26 to 31% increase from our 2009 average of 463 million a day. With our continued focus on oil and liquid rich gas we anticipate that we will exit the year with oil and NGL production making up about 38% of our total company production which is about where we reported last quarter and that again is 8 percentage points higher than the 30% we averaged in 2009. While shifting gears to our production operations group, our emphasis during Q2 was once again focused on improving our operating efficiencies. And in doing so, we managed to keep our lifting cost inline with that of Q1. Now although we're seeing some cost pressure in items such as saltwater disposal, compression, pulling-unit cost, our second quarter average lifting cost of $0.84 per Mcfe was virtually flat to our first quarter average of $0.80 per Mcf. We also fell in the low-end of our second quarter guidance range of $0.80 to $1. At current levels we're operating at a 24% decrease from the $1.11 per Mcf average that we saw in 2009. So we have managed to keep in our hip pocket a lot of the cost reductions that we're able to derive at the end of '09 and coming into '10. Although, we plan to continue our focus on cost efficiency with the likely cost pressures that we're seeing, we saw no reason to change our previous 2010 guidance estimate of $0.80 to a $1 for the year. As was the case again in Q1, our second quarter exploitation activity was focused on lift projects in both the Permian and Mid-Continent. So re-completion activity in southeast New Mexico, Southern Oklahoma and Texas Panhandle and a half dozen or so infill drilling projects in West Texas and Kansas. Through June, we've deployed about $22 million towards our exploitation efforts and are staying with our projection from last quarter that will end the year somewhere near the low-end of our -- we're giving you a guidance budget of 50 to $75 million for the year. And finally on the drilling and completion cost side, over the last six months we've seen anywhere from 5 to 20% cost increases in items such as rigs, cementing, rentals and mud. But frac cost continue to really be the wild card for us with cost pressure directly related to crew availability. There's so many net moving parts to this cost component that it's hard for me to quote you an exact increase in the costs that we're seeing. But depending on the area, the size and the scope changes in our frac design, we've seen anywhere from 10 to 100% plus increases in our frac cost over the last six months. We've also experienced delays in scheduling some of our jobs. Frac costs for the most part seemed to be putting the most cost pressure on our total well costs. That said, through careful planning and continued operating efficiencies we've managed to minimize our well cost increases, while getting the sales without any extensive delays. In Cana, Tom had quoted AFEs of 7.1 to $7.5 million. Depending on debt, that number can range upwards of $8 million but the bottom line is from Q1 to Q2, we're seeing about $1.5 million increase in our total well cost in Cana. Our 6,000 foot vertical Blinebry/Paddock well AFEs of $1.7 million are up slightly from the $1.5 million we were recording in Q1, while an 8,000 foot New Mexico Bone Spring horizontal well with a 4,500 foot lateral is now AFEing at about 3.8 million or about $200,000 higher than Q1. So we're seeing may be 4 to 8% total well cost increases but through efficiencies we've managed to keep a good bit of control on our cost. So our challenge obviously as we move forward is to continue to improve our operating efficiencies so that we can keep our well cost in line, keep the rate of returns that we're seeing where they are and continue to expand our activity and get the results that we're currently seeing. So with that all I'll turn the call over to Paul Korus.
Paul Korus: Thank you Joe. I just want to recap a few things and then address some of the questions that we've had from calls this morning. Recap mid-year status for Cimarex, great shape, $329 million of net income, $3.84 per share, 573 million in cash flow. If you annualize those numbers you could see that we are well on our way for over 1.1 billion of cash flow in annualized earnings per share of over $7. So great shape from that perspective. At the same time we have no bank debt and we have a 142 million in cash in the bank as on June 30th and as Tom and Joe have described for you, operationally great year. Production is up 30%, very steady. We're on track for probably what might be our largest percentage increase in crude reserves we've ever had, a good rates return and low finding costs. So that's a pretty healthy score card I would say. On the other hand, since we are making more money, we've had to increase our estimate of what we're going to go for income taxes this year from about 100 million to a 120 million. As a result you saw in our second quarter numbers that we trued up the split between our current and differed tax items to reflect that about 65% of our book tax provision which usually runs around 36.5% will be differed with the remaining 35% being our best estimate of what we think we'll have for current taxes. So that's what we ended up with for the six months results with a lot of movement between the first and second quarter. And that's what we would expect to see as we finish the year. The other item that I think we got some questions about this morning was so called adjusted earnings. We are kind of down the middle of the fair way and we report GAAP earnings because we know the rules for those. Adjusted earnings are somewhat in the eyes of the analyst. But the way we would look at that, it mostly revolves around the hedging. You saw that in the first quarter using market-to-market accounting we had 52 million of hedge gains in the first quarter because prices went down and brought all our hedges into the money. So we basically recognized much of the earnings in the first quarter. In the second quarter we only had 3.3 million of mark-to-market gains on the derivatives. That's because prices went down a little bit further. But anyway, if you net all those things out, you could say that had we been using effective hedge accounting treatment, our revenues would have been about $16.6 million higher in the second quarter and then we would have not had the 3.3 million of mark-to-market gain, in which case out pretax income would have been about $13.3 million higher. In turn net income would have been around 8.4 million higher and earnings per shares about $0.10 higher or a $1.56 as opposed to the reported $1.46. So that's the way we would look at the adjusted earnings figure and I think some of you are and some of you aren't but the kind of guidance or explanation we would give around that. I think that's all I need to say. So would be happy to begin entertaining questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Mitch Wurschmidt with Keybanc Capital Markets.
Mitch Wurschmidt - Keybanc Capital Markets.: Hi, guys. Congratulations on the quarter.
Mike Merelli:  Thank you, Mitch.
Mitch Wurschmidt - Keybanc Capital Markets.: Yeah, just, I was looking at the Bone Spring and Abo results. They keep getting better and better each quarter and I'm just curious. Can you talk a little bit about what you're doing differently or is it the area, the play you're in or how repeatable you think that is?
Tom Jorden:  Mitch, its Tom. Much as I'd love to cite our efforts, a lot of that is the rocks. We're really in some very nice areas. We're getting these wells completed efficiently. I think our team in Midland has done a great job operationally, getting these things done. But, it's really just nice rock. We're finding and we're testing some new areas and they're very prolific and we're just tickled pink with the results. When we first got on this play we were talking about results that were considerably lower than what we're achieving. So we're increasing our own estimate, pre-drill. Of course that means that some other people are paying attention. Lands got a little more expensive. There are some play entrants. If you follow the industry as I know you do Mitch that there are a lot of other people now talking about that Bone Spring play in Southeastern Mexico. So, it's just really worked out well for us and to that I attribute good geology and good operational execution.
Mitch Wurschmidt - Keybanc Capital Markets.: That's great. It's helpful. Can you talk a bit about, maybe EURs you're seeing on some of those wells? Like you kind of mentioned well costs. Where are you kind of coming in on some of the EURs or the average you should be looking at?
Tom Jorden:  We're currently -- when we got started in this, we were talking about the EURs between 200 and 250,000 barrels. For the areas we like, which is most of the trend, our EURs now are coming in between, I would just 550,000 barrels on an equivalent basis is our current model. And we think that's sustainable. We think that's where our results speak to.
Mitch Wurschmidt - Keybanc Capital Markets: And, that's for about I guess the $3.8 million well?
Mike Merelli: Well it depends on depth. Joe quoted 3.8. That would be, it goes deep to shallow as you go from west to east. So that's probably 3.8, 4.2 maybe, yeah.
Tom Jorden: Current AFEs for a deeper well are running around 4.1
Mitch Wurschmidt - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. That's really helpful. Can you break down like what the rig count; you mentioned 12 rigs in the Permian. How does that break down between the Bone Springs and some of the other plays and kind of how do you see that going into 2011? Any color on that would be great.
Mike Merelli: Yeah you bet Mitch. There are 12 rigs. We have three of them in the New Mexico Bone Spring play. Two of them are in our Abo trend. We have two of them drilling vertical Paddock wells. We have three rigs on White City, testing various things. And then we have one in our Third Bone Spring play down at our low in-field and one kind of bounces around drilling some miscellaneous wells. We haven't poured our 2011 plans yet. That's a process we typically kick off in October. I will say that I've spent little time with our Permian Group and they are wanting to increase activity fairly significantly and I think you would probably see that proportionately. We like all those plays. So, we really like the Bone Spring play, the Abo play, the Paddock play. So, I think you'd seen, that ratio probably hold solid. But I would expect and again, I'll caution to say we haven't done our 2011 planning yet. But I would expect that will be increasing our Permian capital, I would say, 20% or more for next year.
Mitch Wurschmidt - Keybanc Capital Markets.: That's great. And then, thinking about the inventory you guys mentioned 45,000 acres picked up in the Delaware Basin. I assume that's Bone Springs potential as well. Could we get maybe a number on total potential acreage that could be perspective for the Bone Springs? 
Joe Albi: Bone Spring mentioned several different plays. We have our Bone Spring that we're playing in Eddy County is second third bone spring. First Bone Spring is the Avalanche Shale and so I will say that of our acreage that we currently tabulate, we think exposure to that Avalanche Shale play, we probably have 100,000 or more acres that's potentially sitting right in the middle of it. So as I say that I'm going to caution that there is more that we don't know about that play than we do know about that play but there is some drilling going on and it does sort of subsume about 100,000 acres that we think will be exposed to that play. In the New Mexico Bone Spring play, we have about 38,000 net and about 65,000 gross and that's a very difficult number to really put a stake in the ground on because that's changing all the time. We're leasing aggressively. We find ourselves through trades and using the force pooling that we leverage our position to increase our working interest but we've gotten multi years of inventory and we really like those plays.
Mitch Wurschmidt - Keybanc Capital Markets.: No, I really appreciate all the answers guys. Congrats again. I'll jump off and let somebody else jump on. Thanks.
Mike Merelli: Thanks Mitch.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Pope with Dahlman Rose.
Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose: Afternoon guys.
Mike Merelli: Hi Nick.
Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose: Hey, on the asset sale that you all made during the quarter, what exactly did you sell and how much reserves are attributed to that?
Mike Merelli: They were our assets predominantly in Mississippi because that followed us for 10 years at least. He probably didn't know we had assets in Mississippi. So that was the bulk of the proceeds and the associated reserves are about 8.7 Bcfe.
Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose: Okay, that's helpful. And then just, could you give more detail about the pipeline curtailments that you'll saw during the quarter, I guess where they were located and do you have an idea of like what the -- how much that impacted the production during the quarter.
Joe Albi: This is Joe Albi. Our best estimates for production reductions during the quarter, I think I quoted 10 to 15 million a day. A majority of that occurred in the Beaumont area and it was a situation where there was some maintenance repairs going on number one and number two there was a small pipeline rupture that needed to be tended to. So that had the biggest impact on us. We also had maintenance shut ins in the Permian that also were playing a big role in that whole shut in period. It's hard for me to give you a dead on number because we re-pensioned our Beaumont wells at the same time that we had the shut ins ongoing. So if I use before shut in versus after shut in, it gives me a range of potential impact for the quarter.
Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose: Okay, that's no problem. And were any of those pipeline impacting the quarter end numbers. You don't provide the last week and the operations update?
Mike Merelli: No
Joe Albi: That all happened in June for the most part. April through June.
Nicholas Pope - Dahlman Rose: Okay, that's all I had. Thanks a lot.
Joe Albi:
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gil Yang with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Gil Yang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, could you comment on what the cost of the Granite Wash wells that you are drilling are?
Joe Albi:  Well this is Joe Albi, the current well cost for a Texas Panhandle Granite Wash wells is running around $5 million and that's up about $0.5 million from where we were in Q1 most of that is on the completion side and due to increased stimulation cost.
Gil Yang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And how long are those laterals, how deep are they?
Tom Jorden:  Yeah the 11,000 laterals are about 5000 deep, it kind of depends where you are, it kind of that's going to vary from 8 to 11,000 feet and laterals if we can get a 5000 per laterals we'll try. 4,500 feet is probably more realistic given land constraints, where you can put your rig.
Gil Yang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay a lot of other operators have drilled well. They are sort of in the teens 20s of IPs, is there -- do you think the lower IP that you had in your well was because of shorter lateral or is that the area you are in or any other?
Tom Jorden: This is Tom, we offset our huff well which had teens rates so it's -- we do have that kind of potential in the area. As I said the reason George Well was reduced rate was really two reasons. We are drilling a San Channel, we in the lateral we ran out of sand and we stopped lateral a little short because we though we were out of sand and then when we were running our casing we stuck the casing and didn't get all the way in and off about another 500 feet of lateral. So, there is about 2,500 foot effective length in that well and that certainly accounts for the reduced rate.
Gil Yang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. Okay. In the Cana test, could you give us an idea for the parent wells, what the 30 day average was?
Joe Albi: Gil I am sorry, operator we are having, it's not coming too very clear here on our end.
Gil Yang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can you hear me better now or?
Joe Albi: Gil I can barely hear you. Go ahead Gil please.
Gil Yang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: For the Cana wells the parents wells that the down spacing wells were tested that were nearby. Can you give us what the 30 days rates were for those wells?
Tom Jorden: For the parent wells?
Gil Yang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. 
Tom Jorden: I will say I don't have that in front of me. I can give you that if you want to call, I will say our model for parent well in that core area would be about 4.8 million cubic feet a day of wet gas. So, that would be not in the equivalent rate but actually a high btu gas stream, our model in that area will be just slightly under 5 million cubic feet a day that's what we would expect. For the particular two wells that were on those sections that were on those sections I don't have that in front of me. We didn't quite achieve that with our in-field but we really didn't expect to, I mean our model going forward we were looking for something 70% better than a parent well and we would call that encouragement and we certainly that encouragement.
Gil Yang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay got it, so the 5.1 to 5.4 is equivalent volume.
Tom Jorden: That is the equivalent volume that includes the methane stream, the NGL volume and the wellhead condensate.
Gil Yang - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ray Deacon with Pritchard Capital.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital:  Hey Tom I was wondering if you look at the Gulf Coast production and just kind of look a the sustainability of that area.
Tom Jorden: Ray I am sorry.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: Yes, I'll just get the telephone, oh sure.
Tom Jorden: We're apparently having some difficulties. Give us one minute and we'll try to dial in from a different phone. Well you hear us now?
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: You did that pretty quick, so but -- hey just one quick question, it was -- in terms of the Gulf Coast I guess people seemed concerned about potential declines there, if you I guess -- am I understanding right that you think you can keep production flat if you kind of drill average wells what you've seen historically through the end of the year, is that -- does that sound about right?
Joe Albi: Well, this Joe Albi. What all we can really go on is what we know as far as the existing wells and your productive capacity is are and what we've modeled for Q3 and Q4 is that the anticipated decline that we thought we'd see a year ago, we're not seeing it now and that's a combination of couple things. Pulling back our wells like we did in the Jefferson Airplane Complex, number one; and number two, we had a great good string of productive wells along the way. What I can tell you is that if we have success on that rig line that there's a pretty damn good chance that we keep the flattery and even increase it. That it all comes down to the wells that we ended drawn from here.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: Okay, got it. And can you -- I know it's early with the Bone Springs but I guess can you quantify what the rates return will look like for it's sort of a typical Permian well that you would drill since the all way 2000s I guess.
Joe Albi: Well, in rate -- of course I will say again Bone Spring is several different plays but for our second Bone Spring, third Bone Springs, horizontal oil program and Eddy, Lea County, we're typically looking at current oil pricing and we ran a forecast in the share pricing and then we look at downsize sensitivity, our share pricing is whatever the future prices, that they will make decision and then the downsize sensitivity is $45 NYMEX held flat forever, less local market deducts when you look at there's a local market will take the hit for that. We're typically looking at rates to return that are 50% or better for this horizontal wells that current oil pricing and then if that $45 flat, that's play is it's not a typical to be looking at flat pricing that's somewhere between 25 and 35% rate of returns. So, now I would like to that the return to that play but assuming it's also very important to us as it does have certain robustness to that downsize sensitivity if we saw collapse in oil prices.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: Got it. Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [Ronny Iceman] with JPMorgan.
[Ronny Iceman] - JPMorgan: Good morning, guys. Back to the Cana, with going back to 13 stages and cutting back on the frac size, have you quantified what the impact is to the EURs, especially in the quarter?
Joe Albi: We think there's no impact. That's why we changed it, we've done a lot of science talk here and continue to do a lot of science and one of the things that we experimented with a shortening, I'm really getting into the weeds here but you ask the question and we have an answer. We are four clusters per stage and initially our clusters were about 80 feet apart so we had four of them per stage and stage was 353. We experimented with shortening that cluster spacing down the 50 feet and going with stages that were about 250 feet apart and that's how we were getting more stages in the lateral. We were just shortening the space between clusters and the idea was that each cluster will generate an independent hydraulic fracture and that we thought we could generate more of them without interfering with one another. The goal is you would like to put those things as close together as you can but there is a point where if the get too close together they interfere with one another. In other words, if you get too close, two cracks you are trying to open up we are actually closing one another because they are just too close. We went about shorter cluster spacing, we completed quite a few wells with it and didn't see any statistical uplift, didn't see really any benefit whatsoever and so it was more expensive, it was more operationally intensive to do that and we doubt that back. We would think that with our lighter treatment we will see no degradation in EUR. I know that sounds a bit lot but we have a lot of data for that we have a lot of data for that.
[Ronny Iceman] - JPMorgan: In the quarter what are you carrying right now as going forward in EUR?
Joe Albi: Well our type curve which is for a new drill is about 8.8 bcf of wet gas I don't want to say wet gas, I mean we have associated natural gas liquids that will come out of that stream and we have about 62000 barrels of oil and the first 30 day average of that well would be about 4.8 million cubic feet a day of a wet gas stream and of course that goes in the processing and if gets natural gas other than that.
[Ronny Iceman] - JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen with Lazard Capital Market.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Market: Just a follow-up on Ronny's question on the Cana, now that you are going to be pumping smaller jobs in fewer frac stages, are we still going to see well costs around 7.1 to 7.5 or is it potentially going to go down a bit?
Tom Jorden :  Well we are seeing, this is Tom and Joe is going to comment on that as well the operations group proposed to Joe and said he keeps his finger on that pretty tightly. We are looking at from our standpoint in exploration to drill these wells little faster by not staring them as much. So, we certainly like to try to shave some days off but we are seeing some upward pressure in our stimulation cost.
Joe Albi: Yeah I would say a good safe range right now to use will be 7.5 to $8 million total and like Tom said a lot of the hinges are on how we directionally drill these, we could potentially cut some costs there and by going back to the 13 stages that has helped. It's by saving another 700 - $800,000 up the total stimulation cost. But again you got a lot of components going at the same time so we're trending water around 7.5 to 8 million.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Market: Okay great. Thank you. And then in the Avalon shale Tom, you said you had 100,000 acres. Is that a net or a gross you are talking about?
Tom Jorden : That's a net number but again I wanted to give my standard caution that's acreage that I can probably on a math show how Avalon shale wells are been drilled and if I drew a big oval around that our acres sit inside that. We are still early days evaluating our level of interest in that play and so I would discourage you from taking that 100,000 acres dividing it by 8 per well number and extrapolating that because we don't that internally.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Market:  Okay. Thanks Tom. Just can we do that math? What kind of spacing are you using currently in the Abo and Bone Springs?
Tom Jorden:  Well, the Abo is really 168 per spacing and that's also true in our New Mexico Bone Spring. If you really held my feet to fire asked me to justify, should it really be 200 or should it really be 100, we haven't done a lot of work on that yet. But we're pretty solid at 160.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Market:  Thanks. And then the Abo just to connect sort of completed the Permian, how much acreage you think you have there? I think you said about 40,000 and Bone Spring, and add something, but what about the Abo?
Tom Jorden:  You know, the Abo, we have about 35,000 net and most of that is Cap Rock Township. Actually the number is 39,000. We're acquiring small interest here and there. I wish I could tell you that we had the potential to pick up a lot more acreage in that play, kind of geologically limited. It's probably never going to be three times of that.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Market:  Okay. I am sorry. I had one more on the Third Bone Spring in West Texas. What's the rationale for just running one rig there is it? Or the wells less productive, is it more expensive or is kind of the?
Tom Jorden:  We didn't lay leasing play there. This has been kind of a quite year for us but we attempted to flange up our position with leasing. That play has become much more competitive. There are some operators out there that had been not pursuing that play. They have a lot of acreage and they've now stepped up and drilling wells and making nice wells. That play is economically little tougher than others. We like the returns on that play. It looks very good. But that is deeper. It is more expensive drilling and so, if you looked at the return of that play, it's not as solid as some of the stuff over in New Mexico. That said, the play we generated internally, we really like it.
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Market:  Great. Thanks a lot Tom. Thanks for all the details.
Tom Jorden:  You bet.
Operator:  At this time, there are no further questions. Are there further remarks?
Mark Burford:  No. Thank you for joining us today everyone. We look forward to reporting to you for the results. Any follow-up questions, please give us a call. Take care. Thanks a bunch.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and CEO Mike Walen - SVP, COO
Analysts:  Brian Lively - Tudor Pickering Holt Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Jack Aydin - Keybanc Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co. Michael Hall - Wells Fargo Gil Yang - Banc of America Marshall Carver - Capital One Southcoast Ronny Eisemann - JPMorgan Biju Perincheril - Jefferies and Company Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital Brian Kuzma - Weiss Multi-Strategy Ken Carroll - Johnson Rice  
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas first quarter conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO of Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation. Please go ahead sir.
Dan Dinges:
 : Before we start, let me say the standard border plate language and forward-looking statements included in the press releases applied in my comments today. We have many things to cover and expand on from the two press releases that we issued last night. I will briefly cover the financial results, the recent operation milestones and our progress in the matter with the Pennsylvania DEP. I will be brief so as to allow ample time for Q&A following my comments. For financial results Cabot Oil & Gas reported financial results last night that exceeded consensus expectations, However lower natural gas prices even with higher production could not offset the previous year. As the softness in gas, in the natural gas market continues from a clean earnings perspective, net income was $30 million, select items for 2010 include primarily stock compensation and mark-to-market basis hedges. As stated lower natural gas price realizations were the main factor in the lower net income. On the balance sheet our debt level increased to $110 million from yearend to $915 million as we established a sizeable footprint in the Eagle Ford Shale and continued blocking our Marcellus position, both of which are certainly key areas going forward. In terms of production as we mentioned on the yearend call, we will be towards the low end of our guidance for the first quarter due to the delays in permitting, stream crossings earlier in the year and the capacity constraints in the second half of the quarter for our Marcellus production.
 : Now let me move into some of the details. In the Eagle Ford in South Texas the company has completed its first horizontal Eagle Ford well. This well, a 100% working interest well had a lateral length of nearly 3000 feet and was stimulated with 14 stages. The well tested at a rate of 334 barrels of oil a day and 142 Mcf per day. Cabot holds approximately 61,000 gross, 52,000 net acres in the oil win of the play with approximately 300 to 350 potential locations and a resource potential of 60 million to 140 million Boe. A second company operated well as scheduled to spud in early to mid summer with three additional wells being drilled in 2010. This is exciting as we continue to build our position. We've had initial success and the concept was significantly reinforced by recent peer presentation along trends with our acreage. Let's move to East Texas, we continue to focus on two main areas there. The Haynesville and Bossier Shale Play and Pettit Oil program. In the Haynesville as previously announced Cabot has successfully drilled and completed its first Haynesville well. The King number one which we had 69% working interest was drilled to a depth of $18,364 feet and a lateral of 4487 after 14-stage stimulation the well tested as we previously reported at 19 million per day and a new data point for us is its 30 day average of 15.2 million cubic foot per day.  Drilling operations are underway on our second operated well, the long, the Walters No 1, we have 54% in this well and Cabot is also participating in three outside operated wells that are currently drilling with working interest between 20% and 41%. Cabot has participated in the drilling of additional outside operated wells that has been an additional operated well that has been drilled and cased. We have 29% of this well and we are waiting on completion. With Cabot just starting its Haynesville drilling, we anticipate getting into the stimulation queue sometime in June or July for our well. We are encouraged by the Haynesville wells with the high initial rates and certainly excellent recoverable reserves and we are particularly excited about the middle Bossier potential on our acreage in Shelby in St. Augustine County.
 : Average initial production from the wells drilled in the field is 485 barrels of oil per day and 2 million cubic foot per day. With prices 20 times higher for oil and natural gas, we look to drill more Pettit, which has the added value of holding our developed acreage to all depths. Our James, brief comment at County Line, we had five James wells that were drilled and cased, but not completed in 2009. Those have now been completed. The wells had an average initial production rate of 6.1 million cubic foot per day. Moving up to Minden our third Cotton Valley Taylor of horizontal well has been successfully drilled and completed. The Birdwell (inaudible), a 100% Cabot well was completed in mid April and initially tested at a rate of 11.1 million cubic foot per day. This is a higher rate in the first two horizontal Cotton Valley Taylor sand wells that we drilled; they had initial rates of 9.5 and 8.9 million cubic foot equivalent per day. These wells continue to provide superior economics returns with EURs of 6 Bcfe to 7 Bcfe and a very low finding cost. In addition this acreage is HBP, so we will be very selective as to our timing and think of more opportune time to drill more tailored wells and the returns are very compelling. Now let's move to the north of Marcellus. Obviously continues to be our crown jewel for Cabot and certainly is developing into a true company maker with exceptional economics. Since we started we have paid millions of dollars in lease bonus and royalty and we've also hired 64 new employees with many additional positions yet to be filled.  We continue to lease acreage in our core area and have increased our position to nearly 200,000 net and gross acreage. More importantly, our Marcellus program continues to yield exceptional well results and production is ramping up quickly. We are currently producing at a maximum infrastructure capacity of approximately 115 million cubic foot per day from the field. Phase one of our Lathrop station is complete which allows us to free flow gas into the Tennessee line as the press release highlighted. Phase 2 which is the compressor start up phase is well underway with the compressors and dehigh equipment set on the site and start up schedule for late May. I know some of you have expected higher production rates for the quarter, but we are close to ramping up our production. At this time we have 18 wells in various stages of completion and a number of wells with 50 frac stages will be ready to turn in line immediately at the compressor start up. Cabot plans to drill 81 wells total in 2010 although we may adjust the schedule by a couple of wells depending on our capture rate of new leasing. Year-to-date in Susquehanna we have drilled 11 horizontal wells for a total of 12 wells for the quarter. Cabot recently added a sixth fit-for-purpose rig in April and has a seventh rig scheduled to arrive in May to fulfill our program. At the end of 2009, Cabot set forth a series of 2010 initiatives to continue to improve our results and efficiencies in the Marcellus, three of those initiatives were completed in the first quarter. We recently drilled and cased our longest collateral well to-date at 5,000 feet. We drilled our first well in 17 days from spud to rig release and that well had 4,300 foot lateral and lastly we completed a 15 stage frac that went into line at 14.6 million cubic foot per day and 1730 pounds location pressure.  This well was curtailed due to current sales point capacity limits as we've discussed and it's been flowing less than 30 days so it was not included in the population highlighted in the press release. With robust production rates that we're seeing, we have taken additional steps to ensure that we have adequate physical takeaway capacity with the execution of three thorough transportation agreements. You will recall that we announced in our last operational update the partnership with Williams to build a 20 inch pipeline to the south that guarantees us a minimum of 150 million cubic foot a day of firm capacity from our Susquehanna compressor stations to Transco. Last month we executed a binding agreement with a private midstream company that also provides for a minimum of 50 million cubic foot per day of firm capacity with expansion opportunities. This time we're going to go to the north. This project will enable us to move a rig to the northern tier of our acreage position and establish production up there.  The pipeline project is slated for completion in early 2011. Also we executed two binding agreements that will allow an additional 50 million cubic foot a day to flow directly to millennium pipeline in New York via the Tennessee gas pipeline. Completion of this expansion is expected approximately November 2011.  Regarding the Pennsylvania DEP matter Cabot takes safety in all environmental matters extremely seriously. As Cabot announced Tuesday night in a press release, we will continue to cooperate fully with the Pennsylvania DEP to remedy hence and resolve the items from the consent order. I am not going to rehash the order or the first or second responses from us publicly, but I am happy to answer questions on this issue during the Q&A session.  Finally on our guidance last night, we posted updates to our guidance for 2010 that held full year production equivalent guidance in the previously disclosed range at a growth rate of 18% to 22%. Our initial liquid guides from October of 2009 expected a little bit more Pettit volumes at this stage than has occurred but this is offset by our better than expected natural gas production.  We exited the quarter at 325 million cubic foot equivalent per day and in terms of expenses and capital, those were left unchanged. I would note however that with leasing success the potential $65 million wedge should be added. Additionally, we continue to look for good leasing opportunities in our core areas.  I am very excited about our program that we have out in front of us in the regions. As you can see we are flush with opportunities, good rate of return opportunities for years to come. Additionally we have several other ancient projects that are in its early stages of evaluation. Stephanie with that I'll be more than happy to answer any questions the group has.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Brian Lively with Tudor Pickering Holt.
Brian Lively - Tudor Pickering Holt: Your natural gas production guidance for the second quarter is up about $40 to $45 million a day sequentially, how much of that production growth is related to the Haynesville versus the Marcellus?
Dan Dinges: Well we didn't have any Haynesville production in the early guidance and now we are rolling but we had very little, now we're rolling in a little bit of the Haynesville but second quarter, we're going to be somewhat limited on the Haynesville production just trying to get the frac crews, the pumping crews in there. You know when you are not an operator that has lying down multiple wells out in front of us, so its hard to stage in there so what we are doing is having a thick windows of opportunity to be able to bring those frac crews in.
Brian Lively - Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay so the production growth in it I take it is largely related to the Marcellus and is that related to the increasing infrastructure with the second phase.
Dan Dinges: Yes the free flowing gas that we are able to put through there most recently and that's just basically us putting the wells directly into the Tennessee pipeline and bucking the 1,000 pounds pressure in that pipeline and additional is going to be once we start cracking up the compressors which should be later next month.
Brian Lively - Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay on the oil side with lower oil production guidance, could you give some more color and I think you mentioned briefly that the patent may be declining a little more than you expected but could you provide some more color on why the oil production guidance is down a bit.
Dan Dinges: Yeah I think Brian that we thought that we would have better wells drilled and completed a little bit earlier in the quarter than what we actually did and so of the earlier Pettit wells are falling off a little bit quicker. They are still very, very attractive business, not as high as initial rates that we had experienced earlier.
Brian Lively - Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay and switching over to the Eagle Ford. Some operators have talked about completing wells in the upper Eagle Ford and possibly fracking into the chalk, others talked about completing in the lower Eagle Ford. Could you give some more color on what's your completion practice is today and kind of expectations going forward.
Dan Dinges: Well right now we have drilled and completed in the lower Eagle Ford and don't have any short term plans to frac into the charts although obviously it depends on how much fracture growth you do get, that you might access the chalk anyway.
Brian Lively - Tudor Pickering Holt: Okay my last question is on the rate that you put on the first Eagle Ford well, the 334 barrels a day. I think you said today that that was the IP rate, if that's correct then what is the kind of current rate, how is the well performing?
Dan Dinges: It's performing very well. It's still producing around 225 - 250 barrels a day.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Couple of questions on the Eagle Ford, can you just talk about the potential outcomes and the strategy assuming the next couple of wells do work, where are you kind of from infrastructure perspectives and how significant do you think this could be looking ahead to 2011 and that's may be the first part and the second part is if you do accelerate activity in the Eagle Ford beyond these next few wells, would you think of that as additive to your CapEx or would you pull some activity down somewhere else in the portfolio?
Dan Dinges: Yeah first of we have leases down there that we have taken say within this last year and our primary term expiration and (inaudible) is a consideration on how we're allocating capital just like majority of the other companies in our peer group out there. We will continue to capture acreage in the Haynesville area as we are doing. Again we have term on our Eagle Ford acreage down there. The wells that we have scheduled for 2010 are included in our capital program that we've laid out. If we do ramp up, the program beyond what we've discussed it would be additive to our program and certainly juggling the balance sheet with operational opportunities and leasehold success, this is something we do on a daily basis and we would look at how we can get our arms around all the opportunities we have, but again back to your question, the wells that we have forecast in the Eagle Ford for 2010 are included in our program.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: And so I guess when we think about from a natural gas drilling perspectives outside of the Marcellus so you're essentially drilling the minimum levels of the whole acreage across the portfolio i.e. if gas prices stay these levels into 2011 given that you have less there or are likely to have fewer hedging gains. You would kind of maintain the current level of activity because there's not a lot of room to reduce from here with that acreage expiration.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we have that's correct. We have laid out a program out in front of us that allows us to capture our acreage but in our gas areas we are not over drilling in the gas areas just to be drilling. We are capturing primary term acreage, a good example of that is the (inaudible) cotton valley well we drilled, horizontal well. That particular well has excellent economics and the returns are ever been as good as what we're seeing in the Haynesville but we have elected not to drill any additional wells out there but that acreage is HBP.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: One last one, if there is anything unique to the particularly Eagle Ford location and a portion within your acreage that you think would make it either a more significant or less significant versus other wells you expect to drill.
Dan Dinges: No its just going to be an area that we had focused on early on, we've bought some leases in this area, where some of our early acquired leases, how we started moving forward and getting our meds and getting land up in locations so that in all in one of our early area leasing and that's where we drill our first well but other than that nothing unique to where we pick the location.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jack Aydin with Keybanc.
Jack Aydin - Keybanc: Dan regarding the Eagle Ford, what kind of a decline you're seeing. I know it's the first well. What kind of decline you are seeing. Second, I know you saw numbers about 60 million to 140 million and also you give a little bit of the number of wells so you're talking about in a way its basing somewhere in excess of 140 acres per well, could you elaborate a little bit more on that?
Dan Dinges: Okay well I think it might be summed up because it was a fairly well attended presentation by one of our peers and they laid out a very detailed descriptive analysis of the Eagle Ford that kind of had acreage spacing, they had EUR, they had anticipated flow rates and our acreage is exactly on trend with that peer, that laid all those out. So versus kind of going over the redoing the presentation that's out there that had considerable detail, we agree with that presentation.
Jack Aydin - Keybanc: I have it in front of me. Okay all right thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ellen Hannan with Weeden & Co.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Just a couple of follow-up questions again on the Eagle Ford, in terms of the acreage position that you've put together, can you talk about I am going may be covering some ground again but how many wells do you think you will need to HPP your acreage in terms of how you were able to kind of lock it up and secondly, have you run into a situation there where you had to lease the water rights separately from the mineral rights?
Dan Dinges: We have not had any circumstances to these water rights, separate from mineral rights and we are developing our program with discussions with some of our offset lease holders and making a determination of units configurations and what we'd be doing as far as the development of our primary term acreage and once we get all that together which is a dynamic discussions right now, we'll be discussing that in further conference calls.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Okay, one separate question on the results that you talked about in the Pettit does this cause you to change your assumptions on those wells?
Dan Dinges: Not really Ellen, these newer wells we've kind of moved to the eastern side of our acreage block and we are getting some excellent results coming forward now and I think that we'll stamp out with our reserve estimate there.
Operator: The next is question is from the line of Michael Hall with Wells Fargo.
Michael Hall - Wells Fargo: Just wondering, can you talk a little bit more about your cost of entry in the Eagle Ford, what you kind of paid on an average per acre basis at this point and what you're paying today, as you continue to lease in the area?
Dan Dinges: Well our acreage position right now is less than $1,000 per acre and we continue to look for opportunities out there and it's our policy where we're active in leasing we do not discuss bonus consideration.
Michael Hall - Wells Fargo: Okay. Fair enough. And can you talk a little more about midstream availability that you're seeing or hearing maybe in the oil window, there is a little more investment needed on the midstream front, would you agree with that? And can you discuss your outlook there?
Dan Dinges: Are you talking about the in the Eagle Ford? 
Michael Hall - Wells Fargo: Yes
Dan Dinges: Well there is a couple of things I'll turn it over to Jeff our VP in marketing. I know I've had a meeting with, for example, energy transfer. They have a number of projects that are going on down there and expansion projects that they have. They recognize the amount of resource potential in the Eagle Ford and they are moving as we speak to develop a number of areas and expand the projects down there.
Jeff Hutton: I'll concur with Dan and might add that to date we've not added any hauling issues. Obviously there is a lot of activity but I think the industry is good enough to make sure and everything that is...
Michael Hall - Wells Fargo: So would you plan to kind of truck volumes up until, call it maybe 5,000 barrels a day, give or take at that sort of level is what I've heard is that the economics are going to break-even on trucking versus piping? Is that an accurate assessment?
Dan Dinges: Right and keep in mind we have our focus primarily with capital allocation going to Marcellus and also primary term maintenance and primary term capture in the Haynesville/Bossier, our first well in the Eagle Ford was successful, I think we will gain efficiencies of our completion techniques in the subsequent wells but we have not put together a large expensive program in the Eagle Ford at this time with the number of wells that we we're talking about. So initially Michael we are going to be trucking our rollout initially and contemporaneously working on expansion of our program and other opportunities for our transportation.
Michael Hall - Wells Fargo: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color. One more on the Eagle Ford on completion availability, any outlook there? I know you've got a pretty limited program at this point, but just curious what you're seeing?
Dan Dinges: Let me turn it over to Matt Reid?
Matt Reid: We are somewhat limited there not quite as much as we are in the Haynesville, we can't get frac based on, just a phone call but we're not basically, we're tied into being restricted by a limited number of companies that could frac down there (inaudible) are fairly reasonable number in the Eagle Ford.  
Michael Hall - Wells Fargo: And then guidance on the production mix, if you will, the somewhat lower oil guidance, is there any Eagle Ford assumed in that production? I know you said it is in the CapEx.
Matt Reid:   Yes, but small about amount. 
Michael Hall - Wells Fargo: Okay. Would it be fair to say then, if you have continued success in the Eagle Ford, there may be some upside within that oil guidance or -- am I getting ahead of
Matt Reid: Let's not (inaudible) as remember there is only four wells for the total year program at this point in time too.
Michael Hall - Wells Fargo: Fair enough. And then last one, quickly, on acreage additions you had in the release, upwards I think $70 million, $68 million, maybe, in potential acreage CapEx, is that primarily just Eagle Ford and Marcellus? How much of that kind of split between the two? And then what are your most recent acreage costs up in the Marcellus? 
Dan Dinges: We have picked up acreage in both areas and continue to acquire acreage in both areas and I don't have the exact split between those two areas we are still active in our area of such quantum and where we do have active leasing programs, we are not willing to discuss what we are paying (inaudible) 
Michael Hall - Wells Fargo: Okay. And then one more, if I may, in the Marcellus. Have you looked at or are you considering intentionally choking back the wells to help with compression needs down the road? What are your thoughts on that?
Dan Dinges: Well we have a number of wells that we have restricted in the Marcellus. We have wells that as we mentioned we have over 50 stages that are backlogged right now. We have a number of wells that we have in the queue that we are in the process of completing and adding more stages to complete. Again a number of our wells are restricted at this stage and frankly if you were to have looked at this eight months ago, 10 months ago we thought we were building out our infrastructure in a timely manner. We moved up the construction of the Lathrop station because we saw early success and as we have continued to expand and we continue to improve our initiatives up there are long and laterals, more fracs and quicker drill rates and efficiencies. We have just overtaken the timeframe of our infrastructure in start up date and which is a high class problem, again we anticipate us putting a significant volume of gas into the Lathrop station once we can crank up the three compressors on side and initially I might add the initial phase which is, while we are calling a second phase is to start-up the compressors, we have three compressors that we'll be starting up early on. That will be about 65 million cubic foot of additional capacity and then towards middle of the summer we'll have three additional compressors that we plan on cranking up there also which would get us up to total for the facility 165 million cubic foot per day and obviously its going to be our intent to fill that in capacity as quickly as we can
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Gil Yang with Banc of America
Gil Yang - Banc of America: Good morning. Regarding the Haynesville frac backlog, are you seeing any changes in that? Or is it still sort of as bad as it ever was, or is it getting worse?
Dan Dinges: You are talking about getting the funding equipment to the location?
Gil Yang - Banc of America: Right.
Matt Reid: Well we're seeing since (inaudible) we don't have a major program up there like many of the other operators. We have to get in the queue and take data we can get on. We try and schedule our fracs to two and three months in advance in a big time period between two and three weeks. Right now we are scheduled about two months out from end of the drilling and completion right now so.
Gil Yang - Banc of America: You don't have enough activity to really be able to tell if it's changing at this point? 
Matt Reid: We do not, that's correct
Dan Dinges: I would anticipate however with the announcements that we heard some of the reallocation of capital that suddenly it stands to reason that it might become a little bit better but we have not seen that.
Gil Yang - Banc of America: In the Marcellus, do you have enough wells drilled and not completed behind pipe frac stages to meet your guidance for the year? Or do you still need to drill and complete and put on additional wells?
Dan Dinges: Well our guidance has taken in consideration our full year program as we've laid our guidance out there. We have a high expectation that we're going to have no problem being within our guidance or we have big success, we might even be above it.
Gil Yang - Banc of America: Okay. In the Eagle Ford, when you say you're on trend with other operators, are you sort of inter-laced with the other operators, or are you east-west, north-south of the other operators but along the same trend lines?
Dan Dinges: We are interlaced with the other operators.
Gil Yang - Banc of America: Okay. In the well that you reported, based on what the other operators seem to be reporting, well, could you talk about what the other operators are generally seeing, and what the differences are between what you're seeing and what you need to get to get to the same results they have?
Dan Dinges: Oh Gil, yeah, I'm not going to rehash the peer report it was like a 200 page report and very detailed and available out there but I will say that this is our first effort, we've seen other first efforts out there and I think early time data that we see our will is very consistent and overlay of the early time that we've seen in peer wells out in the area and again we have seen nothing to deter us from believing that the EUR expectation or return expectation of our acreage in the Eagle Ford is going to be any different than what's been discussed out there by others.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Marshall Carver with Capital One Southcoast.
Marshall Carver - Capital One Southcoast: Yes, it's good morning. A couple of questions. On the eight horizontals that you put online in the Marcellus for the 30-day rates, do you have the average lateral length and number of stages for those?
Dan Dinges: On Marcellus, those would be in the range between about 2,800 to 3,800 foot something in that order. Not many of those are the long reached laterals yet.
Marshall Carver - Capital One Southcoast: And on the Eagle Ford well, the press release talks about it being 334 barrels a day, and strengthening. The 225 to 250 barrel-a-day rate that you all mentioned for the well was that an IP rate or is that where it is now? I'm just trying to resolve the time that the well has been online and
Mike Walen: The 334 rate was the IP rate.
Marshall Carver - Capital One Southcoast: Okay.
Mike Walen: And at the time of the press release or before the press release that well was stabilized and was cleaning up and getting somewhat better but it has turned over and started to decline slowly which is not unexpected.
Marshall Carver - Capital One Southcoast: Right. And how long has the well been online?
Matt Reid: Online roughly 30 days and a little longer.
Marshall Carver - Capital One Southcoast: Okay. Thank you. And then one last question, the number of Cotton Valley horizontals, how many -- what's your inventory locations in that area on a net basis?
Matt Reid: Our locations in the Taylor horizontal was roughly 40-50, since our locations. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ronny Eisemann with JPMorgan.
Ronny Eisemann - JPMorgan: Hi, Thanks, guys. My question was already answered.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Biju Perincheril with Jefferies and Company.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies and Company: Thanks, good morning. Dan, you talked about stream permits delays earlier in the year. Do you have those permits now? And for this year's program? Or do you anticipate needing more such permit.
Dan Dinges: We do that, they're all government in hand and now and we're continuing to light pipe out there and we'll continue to secure additional permitting but we just a  we just had a period in there where we had a delay.
Mike Walen: Yes, yes. Biju what is that permit was a kind of one-off deal. We generally blow all of the streams so we don't have to get permit across it. In this one case, the boring did work and we had to go back and get a an actual physical stream crossing and that's why it took so long and delay enough of that one piece of bite. But our standard operating procedures is to abort the wetland and keep away from the permit process.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies and Company: Okay. So for the remainder of this year's program, if the boring works, if you have the same issues, would you anticipate it needing more stream crossing permits?
Mike Walen: We do anticipate having to have more stream crossing, stream crossing permits. Like as I said, that isn't something that we go forward looking to do, it's only if we have some issue on this physically boring the rock like we did in this one case. 
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies and Company: Okay. Got it.
Dan Dinges: And the other thing is that we're getting more wells spread out and not all depended upon just eight pipeline in this particular case that Mike talked about. We had a couple of fresh wells so we had drilled completed, we had in our forecast and with our forecast number being a smaller number did affect our expectations. Now getting a bit diverse spread of wells that are coming in from different areas and not all dependent upon A-pipeline or A-borrowing that would, that I have hoped we are not significantly delay any production expectations.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies and Company:  Okay. Perfect. And the Eagle Ford well, did you ever disclose what the cost on the first well was?
Matt Reid:  The average cost this well which is deeper in sports [ph] and deeper potential. But on average cost it is going to vary somewhere between the higher 4 million 5.5 million.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies and Company: Okay. And then if I look across your acreage, it just looks like on the western side of what you have leased up so far, is that fair?
Dan Dinges:  Biju I am not really following the question.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies and Company: Is this on sort of on the west edges of your Eagle Ford acreage position, this particular well?
Dan Dinges:  This particular well its kind of in the middle.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies and Company: Okay. And one last question. Between the Eagle Ford and some of your activities in Montana, it looks like there is some effort to add more liquids to your production mix. At this point, with the success you were having, any sort of targets or timeline that you would put to get more oil?
Dan Dinges:  Well we share a little our looking at a five year company wide program I've discussed earlier the five year actually 10 year program we are developing in the Marcellus area we are also putting together company wise five year program that again is going to be pretty dynamic document. But it is our intent in balancing with capturing our primary term average to add this commodity price environment more old more liquid to production profile. The one thing that would be of not if you look at it from a percentage perspective though the ramp up that we are going to see in the Marcellus is going to be I think fairly dramatic. And so percentage wise we might not see a large change but in actual number of barrels per day we produce liquids. We think that's going to go up from this point onward.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies and Company: How much acreage you have to the heat?
Dan Dinges: What's the I don't think we put that after yet. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: Yes, hi, good morning. Dan, I was wondering, are these, the Eagle Ford well, was it about 5500-foot depth? And is 100 feet to 120 feet of pay sound kind of reasonable for this area?
Dan Dinges:  We do, I don't we get any of debt.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: Okay. I got well costs you gave, anyways.
Dan Dinges: Yeah
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: And I was just wondering, even with not a lot of growth in the Marcellus, it seemed like costs were a lot lower than I thought, cash costs, I guess what was -- what drove that?
Dan Dinges:
 :
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: The DEP must be pleased with what you're doing, because it didn't seem like it slowed down your ability to get permits at all. Does it look like it is not going to affect permitting going forward?
Dan Dinges: One thing you have to keep in mind that is just factual that we have an area that we are up there initially that we started drilling in and we did not sample the water wells for methane, subsequent to this event as we discussed in our press release. We have began to take pre-drill samples of not only the entire contents and evaluation of the water, but also now determining the percentage and amount of methane in the water wells up there and with that information and certainly with our cooperative working with the DEP, all the wells that we are drilling outside this area calls the initial concern, all the areas outside of this area, we are having no problems with methane in the water wells. Although the water wells had pre-drill methane in and we are not having any problems with the DEP, on them advising us that we have contaminated any wells. And our operations have been certainly evaluated and scrutinized by the DEP. We have been in compliance with the DEP orders and we have I think enhanced some of the location building operations out there and to assist the DEP and mitigating any concerns of surface exposures environment risk and the cementing and casing operations that we implemented in our wells right now are in full compliance of DEP regulations. And we don't have any problems outside of this area that's been identified. So we continue to drill outside that area and we would expect those operations to continue in compliance with DEP regulation and expectations from this point forward.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: Is the Eagle Ford well on pump after a month, or not?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we took early time free flow rates and then implemented pumping operations.
Operator: The next question is from the line Brian Kuzma with Weiss Multi-Strategy.
Brian Kuzma - Weiss Multi-Strategy: Could you tell me what's your Marcellus production average for the quarter?
Dan Dinges: I know we are ramping up and we have been kind of up and down as we have been working with some of that free flow gas in the Lathrop station, but probably say 95 million to 100 million a day would be a good number?
Brian Kuzma - Weiss Multi-Strategy: And that's the net number or the gross number?
Dan Dinges: It would be the gross number.
Brian Kuzma - Weiss Multi-Strategy: These wells that are 8 million a day, on the 30-day rate, that is clearly ahead of your type curve, what happens as you guys keep drilling these wells? What happens throughout the rest of the year? Because it seems to me you'll have to drill a lot fewer wells, if you kind of knocked out the infrastructure?
Dan Dinges:
 :
 :
,:
Mike Walen: Another issue that of course out there building a lot of compression, but this is a dry gas pipeline quality gas, so we are not having to strip liquids and that a big positive for getting these wells online timely.
Brian Kuzma - Weiss Multi-Strategy: Then the strategy going forward then is not to cut back drilling, it is to build additional infrastructure to handle the higher-rate wells?
Dan Dinges: Well we have a multi-tier options that we are looking at on our multi-year program and that is how one, we capture our primary term acreage and we have extensions available under some of our leases on our primary term acreage and we are running dual tracks, trying to keep ahead of our existing production capabilities as these wells come in better than anticipated and we are also trying to capture the primary term acreage. and looking at it two ways, one if we keep drilling with that extensions how much acreage we capture and then making the decision that if we do extent some of that primary term acreage into another 5 year term or so, does that give us the flexibility to slow down some of our drilling? We are trying to look at all of that as we go forward.
Brian Kuzma - Weiss Multi-Strategy: So on the compressor side, you will have 110 at Teal, 165 at Lathrop after the summer, and then these other projects that you're talking about, roughly when would they come online and, again, what size would those be?
Dan Dinges: We would probably look at a similar size facilities and the first one will probably be mid-2011.
Brian Kuzma - Weiss Multi-Strategy: Just as a separate question, I know you guys don't really want to say how much acreage you've got in some of these other oil plays. I was just curious how many different oil plays you guys -- like including the Eagle Ford, and the Heath, are there any plays that you guys have already accumulated acreage on?
Dan Dinges: Yes and in the Heath, I think you can probably note it down; we are over 100,000 acres in the Heath.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Carroll with Johnson Rice
Ken Carroll - Johnson Rice: Just a quick question, back on the Eagle Ford well, in terms of the lateral length of 3,000 feet seems to be a little shorter than we've seen other players. Are your plans for the additional four wells to push lateral length a little bit? Or how do you see that going forward?
Dan Dinges: This is just our initial role at it, as Matt had indicated, we went down, we did some coring in this particular well. We have done some science; we wanted to just get our initial tests, initial evaluation out there as the other individuals asking questions talked about where you land the well, is it in the lower Eagle Ford, is it in the upper Eagle Ford, all those things that will be looked at as we move forward.
Ken Carroll - Johnson Rice: It sounds like you would hope to be extend the lateral a little bit as you just work through the program.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, absolutely.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Ives with [Cheyenne Petroleum].
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, on your Eagle Ford well you announced, what kind of frac materials, what kind of frac technique did you use, and are you going to, like this prior caller, are you still going to be tinkering with that, too, as you go ahead?
Matt Reid: The frac procedure there was basically just white sand. The blue, is we is we went to a cross link, we're still tinkering with our designs and what we'll be doing with the future wells.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Jack Aydin.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: Dan, you mentioned you had 18 wells in different stages of completion. Can you tell me how many of those are vertical and how many horizontal? Now, the next question for you is this. Let's just assume half of them are horizontal, and if the 30-day average is running about 8 million, you've got huge backlog of production that is coming up. Could you care to comment on that? And I have one other question to ask.
Dan Dinges: Okay, of the 18 wells, 15 of those are horizontal and three of those are vertical.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: I could do the math, the rest of the math.
Dan Dinges: I know you circle back around Jack.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: I am looking at your 10-K yearend. You've got about close to 200,000 gross takers in Montana. Is that the Heath or is it different formation or different kind of play? Could you comment on it?
Dan Dinges: Well, Jack I would be disappointed if Mike did not make one more comment to you before he walks out. 
Mike Walen: Jack?
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: Yes.
Mike Walen: That's had stealth oil play.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: Oh, that's the stealth oil play, okay.
Mike Walen: But no. It is looking at that Heath in Central Montana and obviously you all picked it up, the acreage in the case. So will lift our spirits a little bit on that. Yeah, we're looking at the Heath as an oil target in that part of the world.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: Do you have something in the Nibora there too?
Mike Walen: Do we have that position in the Nibora? No, sir.
Operator: There are no further question at this time. Presenters, do you have closing remarks?
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Tiffany. Again I appreciate all the questions. As you can see by the questions, the Eagle Ford certainly has garnered a lot of attention, I think both with the Eagle Ford and Haynesville shale and the Bossier opportunities along with a ramped up opportunity in the Marcellus and the Larthrop Station coming on line towards the latter part of this month. Next quarter, you are going to see a different production profile with Cabot and we' looking forward to announcing that. Thank you all for your attention and interest in Cabot.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-17 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Mick Merelli - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Tom Jorden - Executive Vice President of Exploration Joe Albi - Executive Vice President of Operations Paul Korus - Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jim Shonsey - Vice President & Controller Mark Burford - Director of Capital Markets
Analysts: Bill [Metner]  Macquarie Capital  Nicholas Pope  Dahlman Rose  Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital Andrew Coleman - UBS Mitch Wurschmidt  Keybanc Capital Markets  Greg Brody - JP Morgan Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital 
Operator: Welcome everyone to the Cimarex fourth quarter 2009 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Burford, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Mark Burford:  Thank you and thank you everyone for joining us today on our fourth quarter results conference call. We did issue our press release this morning, a copy of which can be found on our website and we also posted to our website a presentation that has some statistics and we will also be referring to from time to time on todays call. That can be found on the same path also on the same link for the webcast on our website at the Investor Relations tab.  This conference call will include forward-looking statements. The risks associated with these forward-looking statements have been outlined in our earnings release and in Cimarexs SEC filings and we incorporate those to reference during this call.  On the call here today in Denver we have Mick Merelli, our Chairman and CEO; Tom Jorden, Executive Vice President of Exploration; Joe Albi, EVP of Operations; Paul Korus, VP and CFO; and Jim Shonsey, our Controller.  With that we will go ahead and just jump in and I will turn the call over to Mick for some opening remarks.  
Mick Merelli:  Thank you all for joining us today I am just going to make a few brief statements and then turn the call over to the boys to explain the details.  2009 was a very, very interesting year for Cimarex. We started the year in a tremendous slowdown of activity. Actually after we got a quarter or so into the year we were probably at the lowest level of activity we have ever had at Cimarex in terms of number of drilling rigs operating. Then as we headed into the year we started to pick up momentum and by the time we got to the end of the year 2009 has wound up being probably one of the best, if not the best year, Cimarex has had.  In terms of accomplishments we invested $524 million in our exploration and development drilling. We added 312 Bcfe improved reserves from the drilling which is 185% of our production. So we have more than replaced our production with drilling reserves. Our year-end exit rate for the company was 486 MMcfe/d and that included 150 MMcfe/d of production that was attributable to our 2009 drilling program.  We had really good results from all of our areas. Again, we continue on with the same old story for us. We are rate of return driven. We are growth through drill bit driven. We have a nice blend in our portfolio of drilling opportunities. Our mid-continent counter resource play we have 94,000 net acres in that play. This has been a year of definition for us. It is continuing. So we have drilled more wells. We have learned more about the play. As Tom will explain a little bit later the play looks better. The longer we are involved in it the better it looks so it is continuing to improve.  Our Permian Basin horizontal oil project group is driven by 380,000 net acres of lease position. We have a nice mix of opportunities. We got down to zero rigs for awhile in that play. We started picking up activity towards the end of the year and Tom I am sure will talk a little bit about that.  Of course our Gulf Coast exploration has always been a good, profitable drilling program for us. But 2009 was really an outstanding year.  So as we look into 2010 we are entering 2010 with a large inventory of drilling projects that have good economics. They are actually resistant to some pretty low commodity price levels. I dont know if Tom is going to even mention it or not but we run everything on a downside case of $3.50 gas and $45 oil flat.  We have a nice group of things to drill in all of our areas heading into 2010. Right now we are thinking that is going to be somewhere between $700-900 million we are going to spend on our drilling program in 2010. That is just an estimate. So anyway, we head into the year with lots of opportunities, low debt and high production so we are really excited about what is coming up in 2010 and we are very proud of our results in 2009.  With that I will let Tom go ahead. Tom Jorden. 
Tom Jorden :  Thank you Mick. This is Tom Jorden. For those of you that are following on our slides on our website I am going to be on slide eight. Slide eight shows our core operating areas. As Mick said we have our mid-continent project, our Permian basin predominately horizontal oil and then our on-shore Gulf Coast.  Our 2009 end of year reserves were 1.53 TCFE of which 47% of those were mid-continent, 32% were Permian on an equivalent basis. Then 7% were Gulf Coast and 14% kind of western and other. This slide also shows our fourth quarter 2009 projection of 486 MMcfe/d and how that splits up. As you can see from the slide for those of you that are following along, 44% of it was mid-continent and 31% Permian. So mid-continent and Permian is our core modern risk drilling areas account for 75% of our production. Gulf Coast in the fourth quarter accounted for 25% of our production.  So although the Gulf Coast is only 7% of our reserves, in the fourth quarter it accounted for 25% of our production. That is a testament to the success we have had on-shore in southeast Texas with our geophysically based plays. I will give a little more detail on that in a minute. It also is a testament to rate of return and how high a rate of return those projects are even though they are a small part of our production base, huge, huge production and cash flow properties.  Moving onto slide 9, this shows our capital investment broken down by region and as a comparison between our 2009 and 2010 planned programs. As Mick said in 2009 exploration development capital we invested $524 million. 48% of that was in the mid-continent. 30% of that was in the Permian and 20% was in the Gulf Coast. In terms of activity level in aggregate in 2009 we drilled 110 gross and 67 net wells; 51 gross net wells in mid-continent, 22 net; 49 gross wells in the Permian basin, 36 net; 9 gross wells in the Gulf Coast, 8 net.  In 2010 we are planning an exploration development capital of between $700-900 million. That is a fairly broad range. We are going kind of steady as she goes. We are watching our cash flow. We are watching the available opportunity set. We are watching product prices and watching costs. We certainly have the ability to accelerate or decelerate that number based on the conditions.  Of that $700-900 million in 2010 we expect 52% of that to be in mid-continent and the bulk of that is our Cana play. 31% would be Permian basin and that is horizontal oil and then 16% of that capital will be Gulf Coast and that is the high risk, high potential geophysically driven program that is a continuity of 2009.  If you look at the midpoint of that capital range we are estimating about 110 gross wells; 45 net wells in mid-continent; 85 gross wells or 60 net wells in the Permian and about 15 gross wells, 12 net in the Gulf Coast. Total activity we are projecting for 2010 is 210 gross wells or 117 net wells. When you compare that activity to 2009 you see that is almost twice the activity and obviously it is not twice the capital. A big portion of that is costs have come down a lot in 2009.  Certainly if you look at the first quarter we had a lot of carry-over capital from 2008 where drilling completion costs were at historical highs and that certainly impacted us in 2009. As we have talked in subsequent calls and Joe may get into this we certainly have seen costs moderate and we are just flat out getting more value for our adjusted dollar today than we were in 2008 and first half 2009.  Moving onto slide 10 this is a summary of our mid-continent region. It is a summary of our reserves and our capital. It compares our 2008 end of year reserves with 2009 end of year reserves for oil and gas. As you can see in 2009 our oil reserves in mid-continent were up 40% from end of year 2008. Our gas reserves were up 18% from end of year 2008 and on an equivalent basis and this is 6:1 equivalent. Our aggregate reserves for mid-continent we ended 2009 with 730 Bcfe as compared to 609 Bcfe in 2008. That is a 20% increase in reserves out of our mid-continent.  The present value on a 10% discount is less than 2009 and that is a function of the prevailing price at the end of the period. Our production in the mid-continent was for oil we were down 9% in 2009 compared to 2008. For gas we were down 1% 2009 compared to 2008 and on an equivalent basis 2009 in the mid-continent we produced 218 Bcfe and in 2008 we produced 223 Bcfe so we were down 2%. That is by and large a function of our rig count. As a company we went from 43 rigs in the third quarter of 2008 to 3 rigs in February of 2009.  So we have talked about that in prior calls and as we have picked up the activity we have certainly seen that production curve change slope on the rest of that decline. We have a great position in the mid-continent. As the slide shows we have a 1,077,000 gross, or 690,000 net acres. That is up 7% on a net acreage basis from 2008. I will give a little detail on the Cana play. We certainly continue to acquire interest there and we are very pleased with our position.  In the mid-continent in 2010 we are projecting $410 million of exploration development investment. That is up from $251 million in 2009 and we invested $648 million in 2008. I have already gone over the planned well statistics. We plan 110 gross or 45 net. So it is a nice asset and it is one we are exploiting aggressively.  Slide 11 shows the hallmark of that asset is our Cana Woodford Shale play here in Canadian County in Western Oklahoma. The insert shows where that sits for those of you who are unfamiliar with it, we are sitting due west of Oklahoma City. In 2009 we drilled 46 gross and 20 net wells. We have 11 gross and 6.3 net wells waiting on completion at year-end. So we talked on previous calls we had a lull in our completions. We put a lot of science behind studying optimum completion techniques. We made tremendous progress on that but we are still working our way through that completion backlog. In 2010 we are expecting to drill 75 gross and 35 net wells in the Cana play. Our year-end 2009 proved reserves totaled 225 BCFE.  On slide 11 there is a table summary of some recent wells we have completed and we have had some very good results but we are still struggling through it. I really want to emphasize to the listener this is still early days in the Cana play. We have a lot of success to report. We have a lot of quandaries to talk about as well. This is still an area we are unsure what the ultimate sweet spot will look like. We are wrestling the science. But the table shows our recent wells the base 225. Our first 30 day average on an equivalent was 3.4 MMcfe/d. Again that is an average rate for its first full month of production.  The Williams 136 averaged 4.67 MMcfe/d. The Bessie 16 averaged 8.55 MMcfe/d for its first 30 days. The Calvert is our southernmost well and was a disappointing well to us although I will talk about that a little more in a minute, it averaged 714,000 cubic feet per day for the first 30 days. The Anderson averaged 5.77 MMcfe/d for its first 30 days. The Draper averaged 8.44 MMcfe/d for its first 30 days of production.  So we have seen a really nice string of recent completions. Very stout pressures. Good 30 day rates. One of the nice things about the Cana play is the liquids. As you can see from our table on slide 11 our yields out here it really is a function of depth and they vary from dry gas at the deepest depths to upwards of 50 barrels of condensate per million cubic feet at some of the shallower depths. So that liquid stream really is significant.  While we are on this map we talked in the past about the Calvert well. Our test in the southernmost part of the play. We hoped to have something conclusive to say. All we can say conclusively is we had some mechanical issues with that well. We lost some portion of the lateral. We didnt stay in the zone we wanted to. Flat out I have to say we are disappointed in the results of the Calvert but we have a huge asterisk near it and we dont know what to conclude from that. We are currently in the process of completing a well a few miles to the northwest of it called the Straight Arrow that hopefully will be a second point that will help us make some conclusions about the southern extent of this play.  So Calvert was disappointing to us but there were lots of mechanical issues on that which make us say we are not ready to make any conclusions based on that completion. Nonetheless, we have had very, very good results in the Cana play particularly the most recent wells we have brought on line continue to surprise us. This play is looking better and better to us. Our go-forward type curve is looking very stout.  I want to take a minute and talk about our natural gas liquids in the Cana play. Historically I think we might have confused some of our listeners with the way we handle some of our natural gas liquids. We are not changing our fundamental approach but what we are doing is where we can book those liquids as volumes we are booking those liquids as volumes. Where we cant we treat them as price. In some of our prior calls we have talked about a receive price and we have run that natural gas liquid stream into our received price.  The way it works is we produce oil at the well site and that falls out as condensate. Then we also have a high BTU gas stream in the Cana play. Much of that gas is 1,200 BTU, and again on slide 12 for those of you who are following along on the slide show. What happens is that gas goes to a processing plant and additional liquids drop out as natural gas liquids. We have typically expressed that in terms of a realized price. Those natural gas liquids can be extremely significant with that high BTU gas stream.  In fact, the liquid stream in total can be as much as a 30% uplift in the overall volume equivalency of the well. So we have looked at our contracts and where we can book those liquids we are booking those liquids now. Where we cant we will continue to treat it as a price uplift. Nonetheless I think it is important to the listener to note those natural gas liquids in the Cana play are extremely significant to us in terms of play economics and we are not typically a midstream processor but where we can take delivery of those liquids and book them we are booking them.  So we do receive economic value after processing. We have contracts that give us a percent of proceeds. In our type curve we are going to be showing you a wet gas type curve and a dry gas type curve. That will be on the next slide. Our current product mix if you look at the plan aggregate is about 65% gas and 35% oil and NGL. So this liquids is significant if you look at the play and it is worthy of a discussion and bringing it to your attention.  When we look at slide 13 I would point your attention to a type curve. This is not our go-forward type curve. This type curve is a composite of what we have actually achieved historically. So our go-forward when we drill a new well in the core of the play that is significantly better than this, but this type curve is when we look at the historical drilling in the Cana play and we say what have we actually done, this is the type curve on slide 13.  For those of you who are looking at this in color we have a daily rate which are the two curves that are declining. The light blue curve is a wet liquid stream. So this would be the gas that is actually measured at the well head. The dash curve would be the net equivalent curve after we have stripped the liquids out. So we have talked in the past about a 6.5 Bcfe type curve. When we really account for those liquids that are produced on average in the play that type curve becomes an 8.5 Bcfe. That is volumes we would receive if we had a percent of proceeds contract at the tailgate of a processing plant.  Our 30 day average we have talked about 4.4 MMcfe/d but that is at the well head, wet, high BTU gas. Once we process that gas we look at an equivalent basis of the liquid that gets stripped out we are at a 5.8 MMcfe/d tailgate gas. So the conclusion here is when you look at the Cana play and you say Cimarex, for the wells you have drilled now that you have been in the play for 2.5 years what is your actual average result? Our actual average result if we take all the sins, all the successes, our actual average well on that play is an 8.5 Bcfe well that produces 5.8 MMcfe for its first 30 days.  So the liquids in this play are very, very significant to us. They certainly make a huge difference in the economics. In fact as you compare the Cana play to other resource plays two of the significant differences that are often overlooked are the value of those liquids but also the net revenue interest we achieve in that play. Our net revenue interest in the play is typically 80% or greater. So the economics of this play are tremendous and as our results are improving they just get better.  One slide 14, in summary in the Cana play, certainly for Cimarex it is significant future drilling. We continue to acquire acreage. At year end we had 94,000 net acres. Today we have about 98,000 net acres in the larger Cana play. Our actual results are 6.5-8.5 Bcfe per well. Our average lateral length today is 4,000 feet on 160 acre spacing. If we go 4 wells per section we will have 1,200 gross wells to drill on our acreage position, 400-500 net wells. So for a company our size this is a significant play.  We are underway on an 80 acre pilot project. We are currently drilling and we will be completing and analyzing the utility of going to eight wells per section. Hopefully we will have something meaningful to say about that. Certainly by the middle of the year we anticipate completing those wells in the spring of this year and we should have some data to report on whether we think an 80 acre development is feasible.  At 160 acre spacing our net potential is 2-3 Bcfe. We think that is real. We think that is achievable and we are very, very encouraged by our recent results. As you can see our costs have come down. In 2008 we were at $9.5-10 million per well to drilling complete. Our current estimate is $7.2 million per well and we think we have significant operational upside around that number. So the Cana play has continued to be a very, very successful play for us. We are just delighted to have it.  Moving along to slide 15, when we look at the Permian basin this is a similar summary slide. Year-end 2009 compared to year-end 2008 our oil reserves were up 25%. In the Permian our gas reserves were down 2%. On an equivalent basis our equivalent reserves at year-end 2009 were 487 Bcfe, 2008 they were 442 Bcfe. So we grew those reserves 10%. That is a phenomenal testament to our group in Midland both the exploration and the operations group because if you recall in late winter/early spring our rig count in the Permian was zero. So they really picked up the pace in the latter half of the year and had a very, very nice year.  Again our pre-tax PV10 end of year 2009 is up from 2008 and that is again by and large a function of oil price where we ended 2009 compared to where we ended 2008. Our production in the Permian, our oil production was up 6%. Our gas production was down 11%. On an equivalent basis our production was down 3%. No surprise given the fact that our rig count went to zero during the course of the year. In 2009 we averaged 161 MMcfe/d out of the Permian basin.  We have an outstanding acreage position. We ended 2009 with 554,000 gross and 379,000 net acres. That was up 18% from year-end 2008. Then as I said earlier in 2010 we intend anticipate investing $250 million in the Permian basin. That is up significantly from last year and we will get a lot more activity done. We have some great projects in the Permian.  If I move to slide 16 it kind of summarizes where a number of those are. As I said in 2009 we drilled 49 gross and 36 net wells. We had some new projects come to the fore in the Permian basin in 2009. Our group in Midland was innovative. They developed some new horizontal oil projects that would lower costs in some of our historical plays and really opened up some new territory for us. In 2010 we expect to drill a total of 85 gross or 60 net wells and we have some significant drilling in some horizontal oil plays.  We have talked about our Bone Spring play. We have a Bone Spring play not only in Ward and Winkler County that we talked about repeatedly in the past. We have drilled close to 90 wells in that trend. But in Eddy County, southeast New Mexico, we have opened up a new bone spring, a little shallower bone spring oil play. It is working out very nicely for us.  We have our Abo play. We currently have two rigs running in that Abo play and that continues to show very, very nice results. Then we have some additional development in Wolf Camp and Cherry Canyon. We will have 4-8 rigs running in 2010. We currently have five and we anticipate ramping that up.  Also on slide 16 some example of some wells we have brought on in the fourth quarter. Midway 17 3H was an Abo well that came on. Its first 30 day average was 490 barrels of oil per day. We had 100% working interest. The offset well to that was the Midway 17 2H. It produced 310 barrels of oil per day for its first 30 days. Again 100% working interest. Very nice Abo well. Then these next two wells are in our southeast New Mexico Bone Spring play that is brand new to us in 2009 and 2010. Our Shooter West 31 3H is a well that came online in December. Its first 30 day average was 560 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Very, very nice well. Then the State 14 2H its first 30 day equivalent was 325 barrels of oil per day. So very nice wells. It is a great program in the Permian basin and it is certainly a core part of our diversified approach.  Then finally if I move to slide 17 it shows our Gulf Coast. In 2009 our reserves were up 42% from end of year 2008. That was oil. Gas was up 45%. If you look at our production in 2009 our production averaged 4,300 thousand barrels per day of oil. That was up 2% from 2008. Our gas production was down a little bit over the course of the year. Again that is by and large a function of our rig count. On an equivalent basis we produced 80 rig cubic feet per day over the course of the year 2009 which was down 12% from 2008.  We are in a very nice acreage position on-shore Gulf Coast with 219,000 net acres. That is down a little from 2008 but this is a trend where we use geophysics to identify a particular prospect and their rifle shot. So these big acreage numbers dont quite mean the same thing in the Gulf Coast as they would in the Permian or the mid-continent. In 2010 we expect to invest $130 million of capital. We will certainly get done everything we can prudently. We are going to roll in the Gulf Coast. 2009 we invested $106 million. So as you can see from a gross and net well count we expect to get about half again as much done in 2010 as we did in 2009.  Onto slide 18. This shows our Yegua-Cook Mountain program. This is certainly our crowned jewel of our Gulf Coast program. We have been operating here actively since 2002. Over the course of the last 8 years we have drilled 94 wells. We have had a 65% success rate and on this trend we have been profitable every year. It is 3D seismic driven. We have over 2,000 square miles of 3D data. As those of you who follow us know we have put a lot of effort into the geophysical analysis here. In 2009 we found ourselves in the best area yet.  Our 2009 discoveries were the Two Sisters 1, our Garth 1 and then our Jefferson Airplane 2 and 3 on the Beaumont Airport property. This set us up for a great year in 2010. 2010 should be just a seamless continuation of our success in 2009.  If you look at slide 19 this is a bit of a zoom in to what we call our River Fork project. That is in and near the city of Beaumont. This shows our 2009 discoveries. You can see our Two Sisters 1 well there we had a higher percent of that. Our Garth 1 well we had a higher percent of that. Our Jefferson Airplane 2 and 3 wells we had 96% working interest. Those wells the average of those four wells they IPd at over 40 MMcfe/d. That is not a typo. That averages 28 MMcfe/d of gas and 2,100 barrels per day of oil. So outstanding economic results. The gas alone is a nice result. If you add that to the oil and you can see why we are so excited about it.  We are currently drilling the Jefferson Airplane 4 and Nine Dragons 1. As slide 19 shows we expect to have a full developed program in 2010. In conclusion we have three core areas that all performed well in 2009. Our Cana play is working very well. We also have our Texas Panhandle asset we havent talked about here but we have a rig operating there. We are very optimistic about that. We have our Permian oil and then our on-shore Gulf Coast. 2010 should be a continuation of us having that diversified program, geographically but also product mix.  With that I would like to turn it over to Joe Albi, our Executive Vice President of Operations. 
Joe Albi :  Thank you Tom. I will briefly summarize our fourth quarter production results, touch on our 2010 guidance as well as our 2009 and 2010 production group focus. Then I will just follow-up with a few comments about where we see service costs.  For those of you following along on our PowerPoint presentation the first slide I will talk about is slide 21. On slide 21 it summarizes Q4 and our full-year 2009 production. As we discussed in our last call with our increase in activity and the success of our south Texas program the fourth quarter was likely to be a turnaround quarter for us from a production standpoint. You may recall we stated the success of the quarter really relied on the timing and drilling and completion of the wells in Q4 and that they could play a big role for us with fourth quarter volumes.  Well things definitely went our way. We ended the quarter with reported average net daily equivalent production of 467.6 MMcfe/d. That is 26.1 million per day or 6% from Q3 where we reported an average of 441.5 MMcfe/d. It also was well above our guidance for the quarter of 440-455 MMcfe/d. So we had a good quarter. With that strong quarter our full year production took a little bit of a bump from where we thought it would be at the beginning of the year. We averaged 462.9 MMcfe/d, down as expected from 2008 but it did beat our beginning year 2009 guidance of 440-460 MMcfe/d.  If we adjust for property sales our average 2009 production was down 3.6% from 2008. Hidden in all this is the good news that I will discuss here shortly. Our property sale adjusted 2009 exit rate surpassed that of 2008.  On slide 22 we have gone ahead and put together a listing of our production by region comparing Q3 2009 to Q4 2009. A couple of things I will just point out with the chart, as compared to Q3 we saw increases in both oil and gas production during Q4. With our total company net oil production averaging 22,900 barrels per day, up 2% or 500 barrels per day from our Q3 average of 22,400 barrels per day. Our total company net gas production was also up, averaging 330 MMcfe/d, up 8% or 23 MMcfe/d from our Q3 2009 average of 307 MMcfe/d.  If you look at the table our south Texas program was really the primary catalyst in both oil and gas production in the quarter. Our Q4 Gulf Coast oil production averaged 6,400 barrels per day. That is up 46% of 2,000 barrels per day from Q3. While our fourth quarter Gulf Coast gas production averaged 77.7 MMcfe/d up 50% or 25.9 MMcfe/d from Q3. On a net equivalent basis our Gulf Coast production averaged 116.2 MMcfe/d during Q4, up 49% from Q3 and represented about 25% of our total company production during the quarter. So you can really see the impact of our south Texas success with the wells we had online by the end of the year and our regional breakdown in the Gulf Coast.  On slide 23, we went ahead and broke down our production by region for oil and for gas. Tom hit on our equivalent breakdown. I will just talk here real quickly on oil and gas. You can see on the oil side that the Permian still makes up the lions share of our fourth quarter production representing 52% of our Q4 oil volumes followed by the Gulf Coast at 28% and mid-continent at 20%.  On the gas side the mid-continent dominates. That again is driven primarily by our Cana play. Mid-continent represented 54% of our fourth quarter total gas production followed by the Gulf Coast at 24% and the Permian at 22%. Cana continued to play an important role during Q4 on an equivalent basis adding 33 MMcfe/d to the bottom line on a [permanent] basis.  If we jump to slide 24 I will touch a little bit on our 2009 exit rate like I mentioned earlier. As you might be expecting our production growth occurred month to month during the quarter and resulted in a December exit rate of 485.7 MMcfe/d. Two drivers in this figure were our four new south Texas wells which comprised 94 MMcfe/d of this amount and Cana which comprised 37 MMcfe/d of that amount. On December 31 in Cana however our production was showing more growth. We are approximating Cana delivering 46 MMcfe/d on December 31 and over 50 MMcfe/d here in the first month of the year in January.  The good news about our exit rate is that we have made up the lost ground we lost in 2009 after significantly cutting back our operated rig count. In fact, adding back in 9.3 MMcfe/d of estimated December production that did not show up on our books would bring our December 2009 exit rate to 495 MMcfe/d which is 6 MMcfe/d higher than our December 2008 volume of 489 MMcfe/d. So with the cut back rig count and a budget 1/3 of what we had in 2008 we end the year in 2009 with a sale adjusted exit rate greater than that of 2008.  On slide 25, you will see a tabulation showing our production guidance for the year. I will touch on a few things with regard to this. I am guessing our revised production today may have been a surprise to some of you. With our increase in activity and continued success in both South Texas and Cana we anticipated and are seeing positive production growth for 2010. The acceleration in the completion of two of our wells in the Beaumont area; that being the Amazon Queen and the Jefferson Airplane 1, and our pickup of simulation completion activity in Cana, those two have helped really drive our revision to our guidance here for Q1.  We have upped it to 560-575 MMcfe/d. That is a projected 20-23% increase from Q4 2009 and likely a new record for the company. Now you might ask what happened in a matter of 10 days. Paul in the hall told me well maybe it was just a good couple of weeks. But it maybe was a combination of that but a couple of things happened over the last 9 days. First, we closed the books in January and we had a real good take of what February looked like. The biggest impact was our Jefferson Airplane 1 well that after revising our drawing plans on that well we moved the projected start date up.  We got her online earlier this week. We originally forecasted that well to come on in late March and April. Now at 26 MMcfe/d and 1,300 barrels of condensate a day you can see that can have a positive impact on our core. Our other Jefferson Airplane wells are in a competitive reservoir. We are now at three wells producing from that feature. We are maximizing production where we can.  So south Texas represents a good reason for it, but in addition to that in Cana a simulation completion program has resulted in three very nice wells we havent touched on in the slides for Q4 that are producing upwards of about 8 MMcfe/d. As such, with the acceleration in Cana and the better well performance that we appear to be seeing at least on these three wells we have taken a little bit of risk out of our Cana wedge and front-end loaded the production. So as you can tell you can see it bump into Q1.  As you might gather from our revision to Q1 guidance, the timing and results of the south Texas wells can significant influence our production. Our current modeling for the full-year anticipates production declines of our existing wells while trying to best estimate the success and timing of our new completions. With the bump in Q1 we are also increasing our full-year guidance to 540-570 MMcfe/d and that would reflect the 17-23 [inaudible] increase over 2009 and again likely a new record for the company.  As most all of you know, Q1 is a tough quarter to try and project full-year guidance. As we move further into the year we will continue to refine our estimates for new well production declines and the production adds from our new wells. The projected timing and success of new wells will play a key role in our full-year guidance especially when accounting for some of these high rate south Texas producers like we have been so fortunate to hit.  From a product mix standpoint for 2010 with the help of increased Permian activity and continued increasing associated Cana oil and NGL production our 2010 product mix is projected to skew a little more slightly towards oil with a projected range being 31-33% on an equivalent basis, up slightly from our Q4 average of 29%.  I will jump to slide 26 and kind of shift gears to our production operations group. As we mentioned in previous calls, 2009 was a year of focus for us on our base properties. Our production group did an excellent job tending to just that; optimizing production for exploitation activities while significantly cutting LOE. In addition something I am very proud of from a safety standpoint we finished the year with no lost time or OSHA reportable accidents in the field and that is a feat that all of us are proud of. Over the course of the year the group deployed $58 million of capital, performing over 375 projects the majority of which being lift related projects directed towards optimizing gas and oil production primarily in the Permian and mid-continent areas. In addition, working from a high graded inventory we performed a number of recompletion projects, again mostly in the Permian and mid-continent.  Our look back economics indicate we spent our capital wisely. We met our expectations for production gains and all the while working with a significantly reduced budget. We spent $134 million in 2008 on exploitation activities as compared to the $58 million we spent in 2009.  By far the biggest impact we had on our base properties was our reduction in LOE. Reductions in well servicing, saltwater disposal, power and fuel, maintenance and compression we reduced our production cost on an absolute basis 18% from $55 million a quarter in 2008 to $45 million a quarter in 2009. These reductions carried over to our lifting costs with our 2009 average lifting cost of $1.05 down 15% from $1.23 average in 2008.  On slide 27 you can see an illustration that shows our lifting cost reduction by quarter. It happened slowly but over the course of the year these reductions started to hit the books. We dropped our lifting costs in Q1 $1.15 per MCFE down to $0.91 here in the fourth quarter of 2009 giving us an average of $1.05 for the year and we are projecting for guidance for 2010 a range of $0.90 to $1.10 and a true anticipated very good chance of falling in the low end of that range.  Slipping over to slide 28, looking forward into 2010 in our production group really no change from 2009. Continued focus on optimizing production, reducing LOE on our base properties, all in an effort to maximize our cash flow for reinvestment. For our year-end planning process we assembled a high graded inventory of exploitation projects and anticipate after reviewing it a budget very similar to that of 2009 in that $50-75 million range. We have a deep inventory of projects. Over 450 projects have been identified for 2010. Most of these again are lift recompletion and in-field drilling projects in the Permian and in the mid-continent.  Finally before turning the call over to Paul just a few comments on our overall perception of the service costs. There is no slide for this in the presentation. During Q4 we saw drilling and completion costs appear to bottom out. In general we are about flat from a cost perspective from Q3 to Q4 but we are starting to see some upward pressure in some service costs. Day rates are staying somewhat in check but we are seeing that market tighten especially when it comes to rig crew availability. Although [frag] costs have remained somewhat stable in our core areas like Cana, stimulation costs from more remote or less active areas are feeling some upward pressure. We have also seen total stimulation costs go up when we have been implementing larger jobs. In general though the efficiencies we have been able to obtain and other cost reductions we have found or put into place with that we have managed to keep our total drilling and completion costs somewhat in check in our four areas of activity.  At Cana our generic well is running about $7.2-7.5 million. In the Permian our shallow Delaware basin horizontals are running $1.5-1.8 million. Our Bone Spring, New Mexico re-entrys are running $2-2.4 million. Our Abo horizontals are running about $3.6 million. In the Gulf Coast our south Texas wells are AFEing for $6.3-7.6 million depending on depth. These dollar amounts are not too dissimilar to where saw costs in November and December.  As we look forward into 2010 in summary, we are set up pretty darned well. We had a good, strong finish to 2009. The first quarter of 2010 is on track to be a record quarter of production for us. We have a deep inventory of drilling and exploitation projects which should allow us to finish 2010 with a strong, double digit production growth. All the while entering the year with reduced production costs and apparent stable market for development costs. Our challenge here is to be to capitalize on all of the above.  With that I will turn it over to Paul. 
Paul Korus :  Thank you Joe. The first slide I am going to cover is slide 30. Not particularly my area of expertise as most of you know but by default I am going to recap the proved reserves for you.  During the year, net of 169 Bcfe of production and 25 Bcfe of sales we still managed to increase our proved reserves by 190 Bcfe or 15% to 1.5 Tcfe. If you back out the 25 Bcfe of sales that we had, we actually would have recorded a 17% increase. Of course the year-end reserves are calculated differently this year than they have been in prior years according to the new SEC and FASB rules where we use a 12-month rolling average price for both gas and oil as opposed to year-end prices.  Had we used the year-end prices and had comparability to the way reserves were calculated in prior years our oil reserves would have been up by another 2 million barrels and gas would have been about 70 Bcf higher and our reserves would have rounded to more something like 1.6 Bcfe. But no matter how you look at it a very good year. We added 312 Bcfe from our drilling program and also had 74 Bcfe of net positive revisions.  The revisions if you look at gas separately from oil you will see a very small net number. We had significant positive revisions from performance but largely offset by a price revision. The rolling average price we used for the end of last year was $3.56 versus $5.33 at the end of 2008. The higher oil price based on the 12-month rolling average of $57.58 contributed to us getting back some of the negative price related revisions we had in 2008. As I mentioned, the rolling average price was $57.58 versus the year-end 2008 price of $36.34. Of course both of those numbers are way below the $93 we used at the end of 2007. So we havent gotten all of those revisions back yet.  Production wise we have talked quite a bit about that already. Just to reiterate that we had a number of good things happen to us in December and January and in early February. Some may ask why do we make one estimate on February 8th and a fairly higher or significantly estimate two weeks later. Joe pretty much covered that already. We felt compelled to put estimates out at February 8th. In hindsight we should have waited. We had analyst estimates out there for 2010 production growth ranging from 0% to something in the teens. So we made our best estimate at the time. We got additional information and so we chose to update it because we think it is important.  You can tell from those estimates not all quarters may show sequential growth but frankly it may also be too early to tell that for sure. Our second half production is going to be highly dependent upon exploratory wells as opposed to developing wells that we will be drilling west of Beaumont. So as the year unfolds we will update our guidance and as certain new prospects are tested and key wells are drilled and evaluated we will continue to provide additional information.  Having said all of that, volatile prices could impact our level of activity. Uncertain weather, particularly down in the Gulf Coast with rain and mud can have operational implications and of course we always need to deal with operational risks. But we think we have accounted for those adequately in our guidance so far.  Quickly on our financials, a small decrease in production, 4-5% depending upon how you measure it. Obviously our oil/gas sales are only about half of what they were in 2008. So as hard as we work on production prices continue to swamp our operating results including revenues and cash flows. Basically the prices we received in 2009 were only about half of what we received in 2008 and you see that trickle through revenues and cash flow.  But we towed the line and actually under-spent our cash flow in 2009. Unfortunately with the write down in the first quarter reported an annual loss of about $312 million despite earning over $100 million in the fourth quarter. With proceeds from property sales and cash flow in excess of capital investment we reduced our bank debt by $195 million. We were at $220 million at the end of 2008 and we are only at $25 million at the end of 2009.  So our total debt was also then reduced by about $195 million and brought our debt to cap ratio down to a very comfortable 16%. Presented for you on the slide show are other credit statistics which clearly resemble those of investment grade companies.  With that I think it is probably time to turn it over to questions. You can see our capital structure hedges that we have. Operator we would be happy to take questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Bill [Metner]  Macquarie Capital. 
Bill [Metner]  Macquarie Capital : I just wanted to dive into the Cana NGL volume versus price breakdown a bit more. On slide 12 it discusses the current production breakdown of 65% gas, 35% oil. Does that apply to the 33 million per day average in the fourth quarter or the 46 million of the rate and a current rate of around 50-55? 
Mark Burford :  The 55/35 split is actually based on where our mix in current drilling has occurred to date. As Tom mentioned, as we get deeper into the play we could see a lower oil yield and NGL yield. As of currently as our composition of production and our type curve on a historical basis if you look at it if you were looking at tailgate gas with NGL the mix would be 65/35. But that can swing over time. What we are trying to depict is if you drill deeper to the west we will have drier gas but if you go to the east we actually could have more higher liquid yield. The representation of our current mix of production where it is at is the 65/35. 
Mick Merelli :  I want to make a point. This is principally important where we are comparing Cana wells to other plays that are 1,000 BTU. That is really what it is about. The economics that we have always used have always had the value of the NGLs in there. So it is kind of a cosmetic problem that we are facing here. We are trying to get comparable volumes of 1,000 BTU essentially is what it is so you can compare Cana to other plays volumetrically. 
Mark Burford :  Thats correct. That is what we are trying to make sure you understand. The liquid component plays a disproportionate part of the economics and volumetrics. 
Joe Albi :  There is a fine line between transparency and cosmetics here. We think this is more transparent for those that are modeling and have an interest in how this play could impact us. 
Bill [Metner]  Macquarie Capital : Along those lines with the acceleration of the plan for the Cana at one point you had been talking about a year-end 2010 exit rate of around 100 million per day. How has that changed with your revised plan? 
Mark Burford :  At the 100 million exit rate we have accelerated some of the completions and we have gotten a better rate for the first quarter but overall 100 million exit rate is about what we anticipate. Something probably a little better than that hopefully. 
Bill [Metner]  Macquarie Capital : The third and fourth quarter average realized prices were quite a bit better than Henry hub. Any sort of guidance to help us go forward on this sort of trade off between the price versus volume and how we are going to capture that and what the differentials or what the percentage realized prices might look like? 
Paul Korus :  Mark is probably more capable of answering but as we go forward and we have talked about now the impact here in Cana of reporting NGL as production volumes; the impact that is going to have of course is NGL are sold at a lower price per barrel than is oil. Oil differential might widen by $1 or $2. On the other hand, instead of recording those revenues in our gas price you will see our gas price differential narrow somewhat. But that is only in Cana. This whole NGL issue here to kind of frame it in terms others might understand it is kind of like an agent versus a principal.  In Cana we own those volumes through the end of the tailgate. The processor is only an agent. That is unlike what happens in the Gulf Coast in Beaumont where the processor actually takes possession at the well head and becomes the principle so we turn over title at the well head in which case that high BTU gas is going to continue or the NGL percent of proceeds that we get is going to continue to filter back in our gas price. So as our production mix is influenced by a lot of output in west of Beaumont you are still going to see us as an overall company have a very positive differential to benchmark prices.  Then of course we have to deal with the fact that mid-continent prices in February were actually higher than Gulf Coast index prices. So trying to predict basis differentials as the year unfolds, we will leave that up to you. All in all you are going to continue to see us as long as we have a lot of this Gulf Coast production we have a differential to Henry hub that is going to be $1 or more. 
Bill [Metner]  Macquarie Capital : On some of the recent Gulf Coast completions I want to make sure I have this straight. The Amazon Queen well came on at 26 million on gas and 1,300 barrels per day condensate. When was that turned to sales? 
Joe Albi :  The Amazon Queen came on in January and it was producing at those rates when we had some constrained production and unit difficulties on the Two Sisters well. Both those wells are going into a decline and are sharing an allowable and right now the Amazon Queen is making 16 million a day and the Two Sisters is making 25. 
Bill [Metner]  Macquarie Capital : Jefferson Airplane, has that well completed yet or do you expect to complete that soon? 
Joe Albi :  Jefferson Airplane 1 has come online here this past weekend and is currently making 26 MMcfe/d and 1,300 barrels of condensate. 
Bill [Metner]  Macquarie Capital : The number 4 and the 9 Dragons that are currently drilling what is the timeline for completion of drilling and then actual completion of the wells and turning those to sales? Any sort of estimate for those and also at what rate or size do you expect those to come on at? 
Tom Jorden :  The Jefferson Airplane 4 spun over the weekend. So we expect 45 days more than likely to sales. That is a trouble free estimate and one of these days we are going to get one of those. The 9 Dragons and their immediate [liner] point so we probably have a few weeks left on that and that is a high risk exploratory test so we wouldnt be projecting a volume or a rate on that. We are crossing our fingers and hoping for discovered. 
Bill [Metner]  Macquarie Capital : The year-end exit rate of 94 MMcfe/d per day from that southeast program from what I am assuming is only four wells it looks like you are starting to see some declines at least in some of the initial wells that were drilled in the middle of the year. Is that fair? 
Joe Albi :  I would say that isnt a fair statement. Some of the Jefferson Airplane wells are going to decline quicker. We anticipate by the second quarter of this year they will start declining but what happened there is we had these wells coming on at various points in time during the fourth quarter. In fact if you look at our jump from Q4 to Q1 of about 100 MMcfe/d worth of production about 70-80% of that we anticipate is going to be coming from South Texas and the Beaumont County wells. 
Tom Jorden :  There is also an overprint there. There were some competitive reservoirs. We have some choices of pipelines to sell into. We talked about this NGL and in some of those pipelines we get a much better contract and more valued liquid stream. Remember this is very wet gas so there is a tremendous uplift in liquids themselves. So where we have competitive reservoirs we have chosen to sell into two different lines. One has a more favorable marketing contract than the other but because it is a competitive reservoir and it is a race for reserves we have gone ahead and decided to take that hit if you will. Where we are not competitive we are just taking our allocated volume in our highest value line and [inaudible] the oil back. So those wells are not producing; the Amazon Queen and Two Sisters are not producing at their capable rates. 
Paul Korus :  I will add one thing. Four wells that average 40 million a day, that is 120. Remember we only have a 75% revenue interest out there on average so that is the 90 MMcfe/d. 
Bill [Metner]  Macquarie Capital : I was coming up with 111 million net interest and comparing that to the 94 but it sounds like there are some other complications. 
Paul Korus :  And ups and downs. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Nicholas Pope  Dahlman Rose. 
Nicholas Pope  Dahlman Rose : With the Cana program for 2010, six operated rigs right now. How many non op rigs do you have running and where do you see that going? 
Tom Jorden :  I believe there are 12-14 rigs in total working in the play. We have interest in not quite every well drilled but pretty close to every well drilled. I will say that our six operated wells are generally fairly high interest, 65% or better and our non-operated wells are fairly low interest. That is just the way it is working. Typically our non-operated wells are 25% or less. So looking ahead we will participate in a lot of non-operated activity. It is very difficult to project that because where other operators rig schedules we dont control, we currently have six operated rigs and some of those rigs are under long-term contract and those contracts expire this year. Based on prevailing conditions at the time we will make a decision as to whether to keep those rigs deployed or to release them. Not to totally hem and haw on your question but right now we are in a debate as to whether keep our current rigs or drop or add. We are really based on results and project price. What I am really telling you is we have a lot of flexibility. Our midpoint case for 2010 is 6 rigs and that is our expectation but it could go up and it could go down. 
Nicholas Pope  Dahlman Rose : Whenever I am looking at my estimates the whole range of your CapEx it looks to me like you are probably going to be generating free cash flow for the year. Where do you think your first options are for deployment if there is an excess? Where does it start to go first? Or would you all just plan to hold onto the cash for now? 
Mick Merelli :  Right now that is an interesting problem. I dont know if it is going to happen or not. I think the most important thing is we have a deep inventory of projects. The way we run our economics on those projects are that we run it at the then existing strip and look at the rate of return. Then we run what we think is a low price scenario which is $3.50 gas corrected for whatever location and so forth and $45 flat oil. When we run that downside it is not for economics it is just to rank the inventory. A lot of our inventory we are going in right now gets over our hurdle record cost of capital by a few percentage points. That is again on that kind of a flat case held forever flat.  So what we are going to do is we are going to get as much of that drilling done as we can as long as that flat case looks like it makes sense. We have a lot to do. We wont beit is a case of capital. We can borrow money. We are low debt. We can keep moving ahead. We are going to try and get those projects done. The limitation there for us is going to be organizationally can we get that much done or not. It is a nice idea like running one year to the other and you have too much money this year and not enough the next. If we get a little ahead we have a big, big capital program. We dont understand our ultimate spacing in Cana yet. That could change things a lot.  If we wind up with a little bit lower debt or something going across the year it wont spoil. We have lots of opportunities. We are very opportunity rich right now. I am not trying to duck your question. I am saying as I see it we are not going to wind up with great piles of money left over and if we have a little bit one way or the other we will figure out how to take care of that. We have lots of opportunity. 
Nicholas Pope  Dahlman Rose : To clarify, there is no Gulf Coast exploration success modeled into the production guidance, is that right? 
Joe Albi :  There is forecasted Gulf Coast contribution to our drilling wedge based on the known inventory we have through June on a risk basis. 
Nicholas Pope  Dahlman Rose : On these Gulf Coast wells I know whenever we first started drilling them there was a lot of talk about kind of what they expected the size of some of them are and how compartmentalized some of the wells were. Where do we feel we are now in terms of just size of some of these Gulf Coast wells at this point and how compartmentalized they are? 
Joe Albi :  We have talked about our Two Sisters Amazon Queen being in the 30-40 Bcf range and that is certainly where we see it today. We are still collecting data and revising that estimate as we get more data. The Jefferson Airplane Complex is a little more vexing problem because we have our data but there are wells producing across the lease line. We think the overall feature will be a little bigger than that number but there is also probably going to be 10 wells in it. So it is a horse race. I think those wells will probably all be richly economic and it wouldnt surprise me if that whole feature went north of 50 BCF by the time it is all said and done. I am speculating based on early sign data on depletion to our reservoirs.  I will tell you for our prospect set going forward we have a few prospects that are in the high teens to low 20 BCF and then we have some features we are currently evaluating we havent sized yet. We have a lot of opportunity. I think we will be busy. We currently have two rigs drilling that project and I think we will be busy out there for certainly most of 2010. We are talking about 15 gross wells and I think we will get that done. 
Nicholas Pope  Dahlman Rose : In terms of production guidance again, I think you were saying that increase of 100 million you were saying 70 million from the Gulf Coast and 30 million from Cana. Does that imply you are all thinking mid-con and Permian are starting to grow slightly or where do you all see the more conventional assets growing from fourth quarter? 
Joe Albi :  That is a lot of questions. What I would say about the Permian is that just given the fact that we had limited to little activity last year and we saw somewhat of a production decline with current rig count as it sits now with the possibility of increasing two or some odd more rigs and improved economics and we will see if the Permian starts to grow again. In the mid-continent I think with Cana and deploying six rigs has all the chances in the world to continue growing too. Where you really stand with Q1 is South Texas. What you are seeing in that tail guidance as Paul touched on is it isnt that everything else is shrinking. It is that we have built in some production declines, in particular that Jefferson Airplane feature where we know we are in competition and those are big wells. So that is forecasted in our guidance and that is why our full-year guidance is lower than our first quarter guidance. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital. 
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital: A follow-up on what Nick asked about the Gulf Coast, of the 12-15 gross wells you are going to drill there this year are those all exploration or are some of those development wells, for example, to develop the Jefferson Airplane structure? 
Tom Jorden :  Certainly Jefferson Airplane I would say is development. Everything else we would term exploration. But it is important to understand we dont really have a basket where we call exploration and a basked we call development. We just have a risk profile. So historically, and I think this also speaks to some of this guidance issue, historically we have run a 65% success ratio in these Abo geophysically driven plays. Even though we think we see the signature of gas or signature of high geo or oil, 1/3 of our wells historically have been dry holes.  In fact we have had really good years where we spent more on dry holes than we have on producers. So hence the risk. The thing that is kind of surprising us is we are having more success than we have modeled. On this project we have a good set of data logs. We really havent drilled a dry hole yet. We have one well that is temporarily abandoned but I think we will probably re-enter it and we believe we just flat out missed the target given the missed image. So yes, to answer your question directly the Jefferson Airplane 4 I would term a true development well. The Nine Dragons I would term an exploration well and everything else out there an exploration well.  Now, based on our success that 65% risking is probably a little harsh for some of those. Our Two Sisters well, pre-drill we carried that as 50% chance of success. Here we are 8-9 wells into the project without a dry hole. So as we go deeper into that trend and one of the things that the next frontier is looking at deeper objectives, we are going to be right back there to that 50% risk. Until we get there and calibrate it, we really have to get down there, sample those rocks and understand the geophysical response and be prudent.  Again, speaking to our guidance that explains the disconnect. Joe has done a really nice job historically of modeling and risking what the exploration group gives him. We have surprised ourselves with our success this year. 
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital: Can you tell us the chance of success you are using on Nine Dragons and your pre-drill estimate of the site structure and so on? 
Tom Jorden :  Nine Dragons is run at I believe about an 80% chance for success. In full disclosure we had an offset operator drill a down bit well to us, down dip from the Nine Dragons location. They discovered 40 feet of gas on water and we think we are going to be 200 feet high to that on the same feature. But I have to tell you we have been surprised many times in this trend. We are really hesitant to start a $7-8 million well in this environment and an 80% chance of success is near gut certainty from our standpoint. [Inaudible]. 
Eric Hagen - Lazard Capital:  Moving over to the Permian and the Eddy County Bone Springs play are you still competitively leasing acreage there? Do you have the bulk of your acreage put together? If you could you give us an idea of what your gross net acreage is in that play? 
Tom Jorden :  I dont have that acreage number in front of me but if you want to call later we can get that to you. We are still leasing. We picked up a nice position at the estate sale yesterday in that trend. If you look at the land map out there it is a quilt patchwork of held acreage. There is very, very little acreage to just lease. We are typically it is hand to hand combat. We are typically getting deals and farm out deals, taking term assignments, going to estate sales as soon as acreage expires. It is really as competitive and tough a land environment as anywhere we operate. So it is not a situation where we are going to report to you that we have been actively leasing and we have put 100,000 contiguous acres together. It is going to be a deal where we may have 3,000 here; 2,000 there, 160 acres here. Through that we stitch together drilling opportunities. We anticipate having two rigs running in that play during much of the year and we are just pretty happy with the results we have seen. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Andrew Coleman  UBS. 
Andrew Coleman - UBS: I have a question on the PV10 numbers in the slide deck. It looks like just short of $2.3 billion in pre-tax PV10 which was just a hair above where it was last year? Am I adding right? 
Paul Korus :  You can actually look at our February 8th operations release. We have put those pre-tax PV10 numbers in there. 8.5 billion of pre-tax PV10 at the end of 2009. That is right. 
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Did you also give what it would look like at current prices? 
Joe Albi:  If you would have looked at the same pricing methodology here in Q4 that we did in Q4 2008 NPV would bump up to about $3.9 billion. 
Andrew Coleman - UBS: I am still struggling with this competitive reservoir jargon. How does that impact what you can book? I assume you are talking about competition effects from the transients. Are you going to be able to book or were you able to book a full [inaudible] for some of these South Texas wells? 
Tom Jorden :  We are booking it based on our flat out estimate of what we think we will capture. Then on consideration of what is under our leasehold. I think we are able to book the volumes that we think the wells will produce. But that said, it is a horse race. If we dont produce them we are going to lose them across the lease line. 
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Looking at my model, a little bit of free cash here for the year. Could you prioritize what you would be doing with that? I assume it is going to be picking up some more acreage, paying down debt and maybe increase the dividend. Is that fair? 
Mick Merelli :  In terms of where we commence drilling it is going to fall out pretty much if we find more ideas that are built around a higher risk, higher return projects they get funded because they are almost bullet proof from a commodity price standpoint. That is where the money will go first. Then we have to see what happens in Cana. That is a long-term project for us. We dont understand the future in terms of spacing and how big a program that is going to have to be. So there is a lot of things up in the air.  Then the horizontal oil wells in the Permian they will attract a lot of capital. The answer is basically Cana is going to get a piece of it because it is a long-term project. The rest of it is going to compete on the basis of rate of return and how resistant it is to what the price volatility. Those projects are going to get funded. What we know about it right now is it is pretty hard to beat the Yegua-Cook Mountain economics from a rate of return from a financial standpoint. So it is going to get funded. I hope I havent garbled that too much. 
Andrew Coleman - UBS: A modeling question for Paul is there no guidance on deferred taxes but should we think of that as trending up a decent amount here in 2010 in the higher CapEx? 
Paul Korus :  Well you make money and you pay taxes. So in the fourth quarter our provision was like $56 million of which $52 million was deferred. As we go forward into 2010 maybe 1/3 of it will be current and 2/3 deferred or 30/70 things like that. That has kind of been our historical average. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mitch Wurschmidt  Keybanc Capital Markets. 
Mitch Wurschmidt  Keybanc Capital Markets : Could you give me a breakdown on your Permian basin drilling? Just in terms of the 60 net wells how that breaks down between the three different plays you are focusing on over there? 
Mark Burford :  I can follow-up with a formal breakdown on the drilling. Part of this piece will be Bone Spring. Next will be the Abo and third will be the shallower stuff that we will be doing. I can give you a bigger break down. 
Tom Jorden :  I dont have that in front of me. Just off the top of my head which usually means I will correct that later, I think it will probably be around 40/40/20. I would guess. 40 Bone Spring, 40 Abo and 20 other. 
Mitch Wurschmidt  Keybanc Capital Markets : You are going to be drilling a well and are doing some drilling in the Texas panhandle with one rig. Any update or comment on that?  
Mark Burford :  We are drilling right now a vertical well. It is really nothing that we can update our operations on. We have an active and ongoing project in the Texas panhandle. We drill some vertical wells. We drill some horizontal wells. We drill some geophysically based oil prospects. We have been in the Texas panhandle as an active driller for quite a few years. Our current activity is one rig. It is part of normal business. 
Mitch Wurschmidt  Keybanc Capital Markets : Is that ground and water drilling over there? 
Mark Burford :  It is ground and water. Our current rig is operating in our Hobart Ranch field. 
Mitch Wurschmidt  Keybanc Capital Markets : In terms of capitalized interest, what is a good level to be using for that for our models? 
Paul Korus :  I hope you understand the economies rules for capitalized interest. You basically take the value of your unproved properties and apply your average interest rate. It just so happens the value of our unproved properties is about equivalent to our total debt outstanding so we are capitalizing virtually all of our gross interest expense. Not necessarily by choice but by rule. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Greg Brody - JP Morgan. 
Greg Brody - JP Morgan:  It is clear that you have this [unjoined program] and a lot you can do there. What I am curious about is what does the acquisition market look like right now? Are you seeing packages that make sense that you are looking at? Or are you kind of focused on your own drilling program? 
Mick Merelli :  We are going to focus on the drilling program as you know every so many years we find something we like. We will do a transaction. So the answer to your question is obviously we have the financial capability of doing some things and if we find something we really like and that probably means it drives our drilling program in the future, if we find something like that we would get out and get it done. But just to say now we are going to have a plan to spend so much money on acquisitions and so much money on drilling, our plan is the we are going to spend the money on drilling. In terms of whatever the market is out there, if we find some sort of an opportunity that we really like as we have in the past we would probably stretch to try and get it. So I dont know. When we find it, we find it. So far we havent found anything like that recently. 
Greg Brody - JP Morgan: Do you think you would be willing to step outside of your core drilling plays to do that? 
Mick Merelli :  Oh yeah. We are not strategic enough to figure all that out. If it is out of one of our plays and we think we understand it and we like it we would do it. But basically what I am saying is we knew what we liked about [inaudible]. We knew what we liked about Magnum Hunter. We knew what we liked about the Woodford acreage. We really like that stuff so we stepped up and did it. So right now there is no one out there that we feel we like that much. So we will concentrate on our drilling program and just keep moving it ahead. It is a good rate of return. If we see something else out there that represents a great opportunity for us we have done it in the past and we would do it again. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital. 
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: Tom I have a question if you could compare the Bone Springs to the other two plays in terms of economics. It looks like two of the wells were significantly higher 30 day rates than what you talked about last quarter and the well counts look fairly moderate compared to the Abo. Do you think you are getting better rate of returns and could you maybe quantify how many locations you could have I guess? 
Tom Jorden :  We really all I can say is we have drilled two wells and that is [much greater] than we modeled. We havent had a drilling trend to know if that is going to be an extrapolative answer or not. We are pleasantly surprised over a couple of our first [inaudible] wells. We did some re-entrys and they came in better than modeled. Now the trend in aggregate is highly variable. It is not one big blanket deposit. It is sands that come and go. So whether those results will be transferrable to the trend in aggregate we just need to do more drilling.  Now we have lots of opportunity. I dont have in front of me the exact well count or acres we control but we certainly have enough land to have a couple of rigs running through the end of the year and we are acquiring more land. I can get you the number but we have dozens of opportunities based on our existing leasehold. We just need to get a little more drilling behind us before we can know the results you are looking at can move our average. We havent moved our pre-drill estimate for new wells. So that tells you we are not ready to reset.   
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: Is takeaway in the Cana play anythingwhere do you see takeaway at the end of this year and maybe in 2011? 
Joe Albi :  You mean from a marketing perspective? 
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: Exactly. How much have you locked in? 
Joe Albi :  Well we have some dedicated commitments with one of the gathering and processing. They are in the process now of expanding their system. In general especially with [inaudible] plans to put in their own processing facility to the East of us that is going to put up capacity. So right now I think we are just finding ourselves at a little bit higher line pressure in certain situations but working hand in hand with [One Oak] to get our guess. So we havent run into any real obstacles there. I anticipate it is going to smooth itself our here come December or next year when [Devern] gets their facility in. 
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital:   So based on the results of the drilling this quarter what is your best guess as far as the size of the sweet spot for the field where you will get very economic wells? 
Joe Albi :  We just dont know. That is not to be coy. We just dont know. 
Mick Merelli :  The good news is we havent been able to define it. 
Joe Albi :  Some of our recent wells, I will say this, have extended the size of the sweet spot but we are just in, as I said earlier, we are in the throes of a science project and we just dont know. 
Ray Deacon - Pritchard Capital: I would think a couple of quarters before you know whether 80 acre spacing is appropriate or not? 
Joe Albi :  Our hope is certainly in the second half we will be able to discuss the results of that project. 
Operator:  There are no further questions. 
Mark Burford :  Thank you very much everyone for joining us. We went over a lot of detail. Thanks for your interest and we had a very good start to this year, a great finish to 2009 and we look forward to a good 2010 here.  So thanks everyone for their interest. If you have any other questions please dont hesitate to give us a call. 
Operator:  This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-27 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges - Chairman, President, and CEO Michael Walen - SVP and COO Scott Schroeder - VP and CFO 
Analysts: Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Company Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering and Holt Joe Allman - JPMorgan Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research Joe Magner - Macquarie Ray Deacon - Pritchard Andrew Coleman - UBS Kristal Choy - Raymond James Biju Perincheril - Jefferies Jack Aydin - KeyBanc 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Cynthia and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas third quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn today's call over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President, and CEO of Cabot Oil & Gas. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Cynthia, and I appreciate everybody joining us for this third quarter conference call. I have Michael Walen with us and Scott Schroeder, Jeff Hutton, VP of Marketing and Chuck Smyth, our VP of Controller. The standard boilerplate forward-looking statements included in our press release do apply to our comments today. As you all are aware, we had issued our press releases last night regarding its quarterly financial results, its operations, and its quarterly dividend and I'll touch on each of these topics this morning. Financially, the company reported a solid third quarter with $42.6 million of net income, or $0.41 per share after removing the selected items, the largest of which was related to stock-based compensation. Clearly, our hedge position did aid the results with $108 million of increased revenue coming from our counterparties for the third quarter. This brings the year-to-date hedge gain to $304 million. Also, we're about two-thirds hedged for the fourth quarter of 2009 at a $10.11 floor. Additionally, we have six natural gas and one oil contract covering our 2010 production at $1,143 and $125 respectively. For 2010, based on our current midpoint of our guidance, we're approximately 18% hedged for 2010. More importantly, though, our production once again increased quarter over comparable quarter. For the nine months comparable period, production was up 10%. The largest contributor to this increase was the North region, specifically in Pennsylvania which experienced over a 24% growth rate for the third quarter and year-to-date comparison. The South region was up 11% for the nine-month comparison. With numerous completions on the horizon in both of these regions, we do expect production growth to accelerate in the fourth quarter and to that end, we issued new fourth quarter guidance last night. We raised the equivalent range that was set at $268 million a day to $280 million. We've increased that now as a low end of $280 million and the high-end to $295 million per day. We also established our initial level of guidance for 2010 at a range that would result in an overall growth rate of 18% to 23%. The comment I will make in regard to this guidance is that while this level of production growth represents our organic high watermark, we have the rest of the program to account for any uncertainty on timing related issues and bringing things online and the regulatory environment. If, in fact, we execute the program as we anticipate, there should be some upside in the program. On the regulatory front, we are pleased with the Pennsylvania DEP release of the completion order allowing us to get back to completion. Because of the greenfield nature of the industries effort in this portion that's the Northeast portion of Pennsylvania, there will continue to be constant interaction with the Pennsylvania DEP personnel. As mentioned in our press release last night, Cabot revised its investment program for 2009 to $580 million which has been increased for several Marcellus lease initiatives that we have ongoing at this time. For 2010, we established our program at a similar rate, $585 million. That is two-thirds dedicated to the North region and one-third focused on the South region. Included in this figure is $34 million for our lease acquisition investment. The vast majority of the program is for drilling and completion which accounts for 75% of the overall total with the infrastructure accounting for another 9% of the total. The company's balance sheet ended the quarter with the debt totaling $810 million, down from the last quarter. If our lease acquisition initiatives are fully successful, this figure could rise slightly by year end. As for 2010, we're budgeting to spend approximately 105% to 110% of our anticipated cash flow and that's using a 550 handle. First and foremost talking about operations, we have commenced the completion of our first Marcellus well for the fourth quarter with numerous completions scheduled to follow. Secondly, it appears from early indications which we'll talk in a little bit more detail we have at our first success with actually it being our first well, horizontal Haynesville shale well at County Line. Again, I'll give some details there. Finally, I'm pleased that this last week we have moved into our new North region office which opened in Pittsburg and now our North team is all under the same roof and I do expect to see improved efficiencies overall from this consolidation. Moving specifically to the operations, our Marcellus program continues to expand and our 2010 program in the Marcellus will double in size over 2009. We currently have over 170,000 acres under lease in our play and continue to lease. Even though lease bonuses have escalated over the last few months, Cabot is still remaining competitive in acquiring leases. Marcellus production continues to ramp up with our results being exceptional. We're currently making north of 50 million per day and anticipate significant growth for the rest of the year. Physical capacity has been expanded to 110 million per day from our Teel station and we are currently building out the Lathrop station, which will increase our total combined takeaway capacity to 275 million cubic foot per day by the end of next summer. On the drilling side, we've drilled 17 horizontal Marcellus wells in our 2009 program so far and have an additional 16 horizontal wells remaining for the rest of the year. With six horizontal rigs, five of those fit for purpose, we're confident that our program will be finished by year end with some of the completions carrying over into the early part of 2010. At this time, we have 13 horizontals and nine vertical wells in the queue waiting on completion. Keep in mind that we have only nine horizontal wells producing at this time, so you can see we've developed a nice backlog. Our plan is to complete at least one horizontal frac well per week for the remainder of the year. However, we are able to get an additional well or two fracked with an additional crew, we will do so. The horizontal wells we've completed so far in our program have a 30-day rate averaging 7 million per day. Understandably, we are seeing a slight correlation between the higher rate wells with longer laterals and more frac stages. The last well which had an IP of over 10 million per day was completed with eight stages over a 2,500 foot interval. This was only our third well to receive as many as eight effective fracs. With this in mind, we will be extending the reach of our laterals maybe as far out as 5,000 feet and also will shorten up the frac interval spacing to allow us to pump more fracs. We believe this could result in even better results than we've experienced to date. The bottomline, during 2009 our Greenfield Marcellus play has been a research and development process. So we've tested ideas, working to understand the spacing, optional frac intervals and many other things. We will continue our evaluation process, however, we have certainly enough data collected at this stage to be more aggressive in developing the play with horizontal wells and that is now why we're doubling the activity in 2010 over 2009. Also, I need to make a brief comment regarding our operating practices and our expectations as we continue to develop the Marcellus. It has always been Cabot's policy to operate prudently within the rules and regulations of our operating areas to insure safety of our employees and to protect the environment. Cabot has been operating in the Appalachia area for over 100 years with these guiding principles. Through the years, we have had some operational upsets. However, we have always taken appropriate corrective action to mitigate further problems. We've worked cooperatively with the Pennsylvania DEP to enhance operational practices, allowing us to continue to develop the natural gas from the Marcellus formation. Natural gas is the cleanest most abundant energy source this country has and Cabot will continue to provide this valuable product to the nation with the respect and compliance of all rules and regulations designed to protect the environment. With the heightened focus on gas operations by the public and in Washington, it is incumbent upon operators and its service providers to continue to operate prudently. Moving to the South region, now let me move where we are focusing on several horizontal plays, a traditional line horizontal, our horizontal Pettet oil play which we made a release on last night, horizontal cotton valley Taylor, sand and I'm sure you'd all like to hear about our first horizontal Haynesville shale well. As you read in the release last night, Cabot and our partners have successfully completed our first horizontal Haynesville shale well. We have a 42% working interest in this well. This well was drilled to a total depth of 17,000 feet with a 3,400 foot lateral and was completed with a 14 stage frac. After 11 days flow back period in the shales, the well was making approximately 21 million cubic foot per day. We think the well could improve slightly as it continues to clean up. Obviously, we're excited about our first horizontal well. This was a great first start since we drilled the vertical oil gas number three last year in our County Line acreage. We had exceptional flow rates from the Haynesville shale and we always thought there was a high potential for horizontal Haynesville shale well in this area. These results coupled with the success of other wells offsetting Cabot acreage suggests the high rate Haynesville shale play certainly extends into this part of Texas. Cabot controls 61,000 gross acres, 32,000 net acres over the Haynesville shale area. We think we have anywhere between 150 to 250 gross locations on this acreage with under risk resource potential between 750 Bcf to 1 TCF plus. Our second AMI test well is currently flowing back. It is too early to report the results of this well. We will report the results as more information becomes available which shouldn't be in the too distant future. Our third AMI well for the horizontal Haynesville shale will be spud in early December and the fourth is scheduled for early 2010. We will monitor our discovery and plan our next actions accordingly, however, we are moving ahead and preparing a nearby 100% Cabot operated location for an early 2010 spud. Our early 2010 plans approved by our Board yesterday include five Haynesville shale wells. On another more early front, we have stepped up our activity in our Pettet oil field as indicated in the release last night. I won't rehash the details, but we believe it does make a lot of sense to exploit this old reservoir due to the broad spread between oil and gas prices. This play needs only a $15 oil price to generate about a 15% after-tax return. We have one additional well completing at this time and we're drilling our sixth well. Five additional wells were planned between now and the rest of the year. In 2010, we have scheduled 11 Pettet wells to be drilled. In 2009, certainly will be another good year as we get year end results. We will see a significant production growth for both the company and for our developing program in the Marcellus. We have significant opportunities in both our focus areas and will exit the year on a strong upward growth curve. Organic drilling replacement, reserve replacement will exceed 200%, even with the sale of our Canadian assets. With this success we're seeing in the Marcellus and now the new Haynesville success, we could add maybe even higher reserve replacement than the 200%. Recapping our 2010 drilling program, it is focused entirely on the Marcellus and in the East Texas region. Approximately two-thirds of our spending will be in the Marcellus where we will plan to drill 73 horizontal wells plus 10 vertical wells. Concurrently, we'll be expanding our pipeline and facilities. In East Texas, our original plan at this stage is to continue to drill Pettet, James, Taylor horizontals plus a few additional Haynesville shale wells. However, with the recent positive results from our first horizontal Haynesville shale well, we will probably rethink our capital allocation in this area with an eye towards expanding our Haynesville exposure. In summary, we have a positive near term outlook for natural gas and we do certainly plan on enhancing our hedge position. In closing, we have an impactfull acreage position, as you are aware in two prolific plays both in the Marcellus and Haynesville shale. We've confirmed the geology in the area. We've confirmed the operational results that are going to yield significant growth and with a strong balance sheet, Cabot will be able to generate significant growth with our 2010 program. Cynthia, with those comments, I'll be more than happy to answer any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Ellen Hannan with Weeden & Company.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Company:  Just a couple of questions on your acreage position in Northeast Pennsylvania, you said 170,000 acres, I wanted to see if that was your net number. In terms of leasing, are you looking at anything in New York State?
Dan Dinges: As far as our gross to net up there, they're just about an overlay, Ellen, on the numbers I gave you. In regard to New York, there is still not any clarity yet on when the Marcellus or other operations will be available in New York and hence we are not spending any capital in looking in New York.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Company: Looking at your efficiency improvements, again, in the Susquehanna area going from 87 days it looks like to drilling completed well down to 22, it looks like your completion part of your activity is actually increased. So what do you attribute that efficiency gain to?
Dan Dinges: Well, we have on the completion side, of course, the water hauling is a big issue for us. We have acquired and have built more frac tanks to be able to move around to locations. So, logistically, we're now able to get out ahead of the completion process more or so than we were earlier when we had fewer trucks hauling water, fewer fracs and so we're now on a pretty good steady incline. The 22 days, actually it's kind of been between 18 to 22 days is our drilling only number.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Company: Dan, I just had one question in your Southern region. You mentioned I think that you said that you're looking at five horizontal Haynesville wells planned for 2010 at this juncture. Are any of those 100% Cabot wells or are those all in your AMI?
Dan Dinges: Yes. The location we're preparing and starting to prepare right now which kind of offsets our Von Goetz well is a 100% location at this stage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Jacobs with Tudor Pickering and Holt.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering and Holt: Dan, thanks for walking us through your activity by region as it relates to how we should think about guidance. That's really helpful. I had a few follow-ups to that end. I wanted to kick things off in the Marcellus. When we look ahead to 2010 of the 73 wells that you plan to drill, how many of those do you expect to put on to sales?
Dan Dinges: I haven't counted on our sales forecast to generate our guidance, but they're going to be drilling all the way through the year kind of like we are right now and drilling up through the end of the year. I would say there is probably two-thirds is a good number to be able to say that's the number that would be in essence having first production 2010.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering and Holt: Then you talked earlier about having 275 million a day of gathering in hand. Can you walk us through how that builds up as you go through the year?
Dan Dinges: Okay, because there has been questions in the past on capacity and the infrastructure capacity along with production along with transportation, but this is infrastructure capacity and this has to do with the compression installation that we're putting in the Lathrop station. We have the ability to push through 110 million a day at our current tap at the Teel area. We're installing compression or building out the pad and the compression site at our Lathrop station. That with the amount of horsepower and compression that we're installing at Lathrop, that will allow us to put into that additional tap in that additional area 165 million cubic foot per day for a total of 275, and that will be kind of instantaneously available once we debug the compression and turn it on, obviously having the amount of gas to do that.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering and Holt: So that's something you still expect by the first quarter of 2010?
Dan Dinges: We expect this is in plus or minus June is we expect in 2010 to have those facilities fabricate and installed.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering and Holt: Then to your earlier comment, any updates to firm takeaway and how we should think about selling that gas, whether it's forward-haul or backhaul in 2010?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we are again still moving gas on forward-haul. Jeff and his group has done an excellent job on being able to use end-user firm to move our gas. We do also through that effort continue to look at different options to tie up firm in the future. It involves not only the Tennessee line, it involves the Millennium line, it involves a line to the South, the Transco line to the south and we are in discussions on a number of fronts in regard to additional firm.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering and Holt: When I think about 585 million in spending next year, two-thirds of that goes to the Marcellus and 75% is on drilling and completion. My math gets about 3.9 million a well and when I try to reconcile that with kind of long-term well cost guidance, where is the extra 500,000 of the well going towards that? I know you talked about longer laterals and more intervals, but it doesn't seem like the entire cost would go towards that. So any color on that would be helpful and then I'll hop back in the queue.
Dan Dinges: Yes, Michael, as I mentioned, we have gone out anywhere from say 1,200, maybe a little over 2,500 feet laterals where we can and a higher percentage of the wells in 2010 are going to be longer laterals and we do anticipate getting a higher percentage of our wells with eight frac stages or greater which will add a little bit to the cost and we think will enhance the results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Dan, you might have said this and I apologize for asking again, but could you just go over the cost per well, the latest thing that the horizontal Haynesville well, the Pettet oil and the Marcellus Shale, so what are the recent costs and what are the target costs on a longer term basis?
Dan Dinges: Okay, on the Haynesville well, we were about $10 million with that 14 stage frac. On the Marcellus wells, we are right now about $3.6 million with those completions completed well cost, on the Pettet. We are about $3.2 million on a completed well cost. And then on this one?
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: No, just in terms of target going forward what do you think, I know of course if you had more lateral and more stages, do you think costs will go up or you think kind of longer cost they will go up short-term but then come back to the current level and potentially go lower?
Dan Dinges: Well I think the costs are in the ballpark of kind of where we have forecast, as I mentioned just a little bit ago, we are going to be getting and drilling a little bit longer laterals and we're going to maybe space our fracs a little closer together in the Marcellus. Hence, we think we're going to be able to add additional fracs to each well. With that being said, the cost depending on the number of fracs could go up a little bit. But overall, I think the ranges that I gave in cost I think is a good illustration and for modeling purpose would be good numbers to use for 2010.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Then in terms of development of these plays like could you give us what you've budgeted in terms of the rig count for these plays in 2010?
Dan Dinges: Well, the rig count in 2010 for the Marcellus is going to be the kind of the six wells that we have operating right now and as I mentioned five of those are fit for purpose. In East Texas, we're going to be working between three and four rigs in our East Texas area.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Then the Pettet stick with one there?
Dan Dinges: Well, that's in that count of three to four rigs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: As you go back to the Marcellus wells and the horizontals that you've completed over the last I guess 10 months or so, can you just talk to how those wells are declining relative to your expectations?
Dan Dinges: Well, we have nine and more production and three of those have produced over 1 Bcf. Those wells have exceeded our expectation, i.e., have a shallower decline than we had originally modeled. So we've been pleased with what we're seeing.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Is it enough where you would change the type curve or I guess can you maybe talk more specifically or is it just something that you're monitoring as you go forward?
Dan Dinges: Well it's still a very small sample pool. We're confident with the results and the geology, but its nine wells with the amount of term we have on producing is a small sample pool. I think it's prudent to be a little bit conservative, if you will. But it's still fairly robust numbers when we're using 4.5 to 5 Bcf plus on the EUR expectation of these wells.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Continuing on the Marcellus, you mentioned no New York activity. What about Southwest PA north or Northern West Virginia? Are there any plans or any updated thoughts there?
Dan Dinges: Well in Southwest PA, we don't have a big push in Southwest of PA. We do have some acreage in Northern West Virginia that we've had as part of our legacy assets and we have not moved towards developing that down there. We're focused purely right now on our Northeast Pennsylvania operation. Once we get our full compliment of people in our Pennsylvania office, which we again just opened this last week and we let everybody kind of let the dust settle to get out of boxes and refocus the effort, it's certainly going to be in Northeast PA initially, but I'm sure through the middle of 2010, Mike is going to have these guys looking in other areas also once we get our Northeast program lined up.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Lastly on the Haynesville, as you're completing or testing the second well and then as you look to drill your 100% well, any changes in how you're thinking about the completion of the frac, will it be similar 14 stages or I guess anything that's really different from the well that you just did?
Dan Dinges: No. Right now, we think the lateral length, we think the number of stages and the spacing is good. It certainly has yielded good results so far. We see no reason at this stage to amend the recipe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Christensen with Buckingham Research.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research: Yeah, on the Von Goetz well you said it had a substantial flow rate. Could you refresh my memory as to what that vertical well?
Dan Dinges: Because it was very early in the stage of drilling the Haynesville shale down in that particular area, we never made a release of that and we didn't test it that long, but it was certainly a couple of million plus a day out of the Haynesville shale.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research: Then on the second well that's slowed testing what is your working interest on that one?
Dan Dinges: The second well?
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research: Yeah. You said that...
Dan Dinges: The second well at the AMI is where we have retained a override in that particular well. It is a well that we wanted to gather some significant data and still be able to participate but we elected to retain an override in that well.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research: Same on the third well and fourth well?
Dan Dinges: Third well, we'll have a 29% working interest and the fourth well, we'll have a 22% working interest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Magner with Macquarie.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: In the Marcellus, you mentioned that you've got over 170,000 acres now. What is your plan to add additional acreage up there?
Dan Dinges: Our plan is to continue with our brokerage land department effort to couple together acreage where we think it's going to be beneficial to our future program.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: Any thoughts on how much it could increase that position or will you sort of take it as it comes?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we have enhanced our leasehold acquisition budget in anticipation of being able to secure additional acreage, but it is a competitive environment up there and I can't assure you will spend those dollars at this stage. That's kind of the reason we couched it in the way we did.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: Can you provide any color on what leasing rates are right now?
Dan Dinges: Nope.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: Then probably I missed this but where was the initial Haynesville shale well located?
Dan Dinges: The initial Haynesville shale is in our County Line acreage. We contributed some of our County Line acreage to this unit. So it's in and on the kind of the Southwest portion of the County Line acreage.
Joe Magner - Macquarie: Then just one last quick one. You were at one point waiting or results from a Haynesville lime well. Do you have those and can you share any additional thoughts on plans to cast other horizons, such as the Bossier shale well in East Texas? Thanks.
Dan Dinges: A couple things, one on the horizontal Haynesville lime well with the positive results we had with our horizontal Taylor sand well and that well came on at 9.5 million a day. That well is still producing about over 5 million cubic foot a day and it's held up very well. We are currently drilling instead of the horizontal lime well, we're drilling our second horizontal Taylor sand well as we speak. So we feel comfortable about that. The other question was on the Bossier we have in the Von Goetz, we drilled again our vertical well in the Southern portion of County Line. We drilled and tested the Haynesville lime, the Haynesville shale, and the Bossier shale in that well each zone tested gas. We will continue to evaluate the merits of putting a well into the Bossier in that particular area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ray Deacon with Pritchard.
Ray Deacon - Pritchard: Dan, I was wondering if you had any thoughts on the EUR of the Marcellus wells. How do they look versus the type curves that you've seen out there I guess.
Dan Dinges: Well, the curves that we've seen out there, we think they're very good curves. We liked each of the curves that we've seen in the Marcellus and we very much like the curve fits that we're placing on the Marcellus right now. The curve fits that we have again are just to range it out and not be specific at this time because we only have a sample pool of nine wells. So we want a larger sample pool before we roll ours out, but we think that curve fit is going to be 4.5 to 5 Bcf plus is going to be the curve fit of our horizontal wells.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Coleman with UBS.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Got a question on the capacity going to 110 million, I guess going to 275 million by the summer 2010, how much of that's going to be firm?
Dan Dinges: Well, we're working on that. As of now, we have 70 million cubic foot firm on the backhaul. No, actually in August it went to 70, yeah, and then will increased that to 100 by almost contemporaneous with the time that we bring on the Lathrop station. As I mentioned, Andrew, Jeff and his group are continuing to work with a number of parties to secure additional firm transportation.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Then I guess second of all looking at your CapEx program for 2010, to me it looks like to stay within the cash flow that you would imply something like a 550 sort of gas price for next year in the forecast. Is that a fair assessment or can you tell me what prices you're using?
Dan Dinges: So that's exactly right, Andrew.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Then the last question, I thought I heard you mention something like that reserve replacement for the year. Can you give any color on that or did I miss hear the 200% number?
Dan Dinges: No, what we're saying is just with our drill adds right now, it's looking like towards the end of the year or at the end of the year that we will exceed 200% reserve replacement is kind of where we are right now.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Do you see much of a change in PUDS that you might book from this or do you think you'll be pretty well consistent with last year and other bookings?
Dan Dinges: I think we'll manage the PUDS similar as we have in the past. There is the SEC regulations that is out there that all industry is dealing with right now and we're all sorting through exactly the impact on our PUD booking in 2P, 3P opportunities. But I think it's safe to say, Andrew, that we're going to remain fairly conservative in the way we recognize our PUDs.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: So then based on the math I've got here, it looks like something close to similar to F&D costs last year in the $2 range and it looks like a pretty good result there. So thanks again and that was very nice guidance there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristal Choy with Raymond James.
Kristal Choy - Raymond James: I had two really quick ones on the Pettet. I was wondering how you've been choosing your locations and how much risking do you have factored into the 175 to 225. I'm trying to see if there's upside to that number.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, Kristal, I'm going to let Mike answer that.
Michael Walen: Yeah, Kirstal, we have completed our 3D program over our majority of our County Line acreage and now we are utilizing that data to pick the best locations that we think that we have. Obviously, we are drilling some wells to hold acreage. We have units that need to be HBP'd and, of course, that drives to some degree our location.
Kristal Choy - Raymond James: The first sustainable forest well, can you tell us what that's producing right now?
Michael Walen: The number one sustainable forest well in the first one, what's it produced at today?
Kristal Choy - Raymond James: Yes.
Michael Walen: Man, I'm going to say 200-barrels a day plus, plus gas. I think that well came on for eight or 900-barrels a day IP, I believe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Jacobs with Tudor Pickering and Holt.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering and Holt: Dan, I'm majoring on the minor here but just a little bit more color on production guidance, I hope you can indulge me. Marcellus, clearly, drives growth, when I look at your quarterly production guidance and specifically at the second quarter of 2010, it suggests that you could get gathering in hand sooner than June. Are you being conservative with that guidance of when you expect the additional station to come on?
Dan Dinges: I'll let Scott answer that.
Scott Schroeder: Mike, I had this question earlier this morning already. One thing you have to factor in is part of the ramp up in the guidance that you see in the second quarter is right now in the 2010 plan, all of the deferred East Texas wells are planned to be completed in the first quarter. So there is a ramp-up in the South regions production along with the carryover Marcellus completions. In terms of let's clarify this again that we have capacity on our system that we're building and we have two compressor stations and that's the 275 number that we should have during the summer. We have the 70 firm takeaway right now that will go to 100 next summer and separately we're working on over a handful of initiatives to increase that firm takeaway capacity and stage it in over the next several years. When you have a high degree of confidence, we're going to be able to do that based on where we're at. So we don't have the concern. If we had a large amount of concern that we wouldn't be able to take the production off of our acreage, that risk factor would have also been reflected in the guidance we put out for 2010.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor Pickering and Holt: You talked about the several initiatives to boost overall firmness if all your initiatives are successful what could the total firm in hand be at some point in the future in a couple years out?
Scott Schroeder: Let's just say it would exceed that 275 number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Biju Perincheril with Jefferies.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies: First on the Marcellus completion, obviously, you're forecasting a pretty nice step-up in activities from what have you seen so far. Can you give us some more color on that as far as what's driving that? Is it having the backlog of wells that are drilled in case? Is it personnel or give us more additional color on what's driving the increased activity there.
Dan Dinges: As far as the number of completions between now and the end of the year?
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies: Right. It's a nice step-up from what we've seen so far in the completion pace.
Dan Dinges: Well, it is and it's just kind of the maturing of the Greenfield operation. We have consolidated a whole lot of equipment and got more equipment up there. We have our, as I mentioned, our frac tanks, more frac tanks. We have continuously and will continue to hire additional personnel out there in the field. We're just getting a little bit ahead of the game right now. Mike, I'll let you expand on that also.
Michael Walen: Two things, Biju and then I'll add to Dan's comments. Number one, remember we talked earlier about having multiple wells being drilled on pads and now we're able to move some of those rigs off those pads and we have multiple wells per pad to complete going forward. The second item is that we're making good progress on gaining our pipeline permits and being able to lay pipe into new areas which are allowing us to complete wells before we didn't have a permit and therefore, we couldn't slow the gap but now we've overcome that bottleneck.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies: So for next year's program for the incremental gap in lines you have those permits in hand now?
Michael Walen: In the area where, yes, in the major area to the North and West of our core, we have those permits in hand and we are working through the permit process for expanding pipeline in 2011 and 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Patrick Walsets] with Stifel Nicolaus.
Unidentified Analyst: In the Marcellus, when you look at the 2010 budget and you start to think about all the activity that's taking place both in the Northeast and I guess more or so in the Southwest, but Pennsylvania that is, do you start to look at completion costs and service costs really seeing pressure to increase or is that something that possibly takes place later on in maybe 2011 or later there?
Dan Dinges: Well, I think any time you're going to see a region that has a ramp-up of activity, there is going to be certainly a little bit of pressure I think on service cost. I will say this though that as you do see more activity and there is more commitments by operators up in that particular area, the service companies have a significant amount of idle equipment that they are going to be moving up to the East also. So it certainly is a little bit of a risk any time you have an uptick in activity, but I think the service companies want to utilize all idle equipment and this is going to be one of the areas I think they will move to. All of them are talking about opening up offices or have recently opened new offices up in Northeast Pennsylvania or New York.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Aydin with KeyBanc.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: Dan, on the DD&A, the guidance is 240 to 260 and you're replacing your higher cost with lower cost. I think that is 240 to 260 is a little bit on the high side, could come down a little more.
Scott Schroeder:  Jack, what's also flowing through there is undeveloped acreage amortization.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: Okay.
Scott Schroeder: And you know Mike is...
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: Yeah, I know. I know. All right, now, in terms of hedging, what level do you think you might start putting some hedges in 2010-2011?
Dan Dinges: Well, actually, it ran up in the early part or the end of last week and we were looking at it and convened our hedge committee and kind of looked at the pricing and got some quotes. So that's an area that we would be inclined to maybe start layering in some and not in a big way, but layering in some. Frankly, we do feel that there is a supply is decreasing and we think certainly there is maybe an opportunity for a little bit more demand use. I know the chemical side seems to be enhancing demand a little bit, but we do feel like that in a six plus dollar range that we would layer some in.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: This is a little bit looking forward. I know we are in 2009 and we are just starting 2010, if you look in 2011, what kind of spending you might be looking and what kinds of little bit growth you might be looking at? I'm not looking for an exact number, just conceptual.
Dan Dinges: Well, conceptually, I'll just really stay focused on two areas. I'll stay focused on the East Texas area and the Marcellus area, with the amount of acreage we have with the thousands of locations that we have out in front of us, our strategy to capture our primary term acreage and that's only done by drilling, I think it is safe to say that we will continue to enhance and increase our drilling program that will allow us to maintain our primary term acreage in the Marcellus in particular. I think it's safe to say that with the continued results of high rate Haynesville completions that we will allocate additional capital to those particular type of wells, so I'm very, I don't have a specific number but I'm very excited about the two areas that we're allocating capital, the returns that those two areas yield for us and our shareholders. I would expect there to be a significant growth component to Cabot.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: Mike, a question about you and I, we talked about spacing of the Marcellus. Of the 73 wells that you are planning to drill in 2010, any of them closer than what you have been doing?
Michael Walen: Actually, Jack, we've actually accelerated that initiative and we're going to be drilling some wells in the fourth quarter that are going to be considerably closer than our current spacing. We do not yet have a feel for what the effective spacing on these horizontal wells will be or should be and we're starting out that down spacing the effort right now.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: How about stack laterals? Are you going to experiment on those too?
Michael Walen: Yes, yes we are. We're going to investigate the engineering mechanics of doing that and see how that works out. That's a bit more of work needed to be done along that line, but that's something we're going to look into, again, fourth quarter '09 and first quarter 2010.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: Well, can't wait to hear. Thank you.
Michael Walen: We're also just as a case in point along those lines, but in separate well bores, we are going to do horizontal wells in the upper Marcellus and also in the Purcell to test the frac efficiencies in those intervals. We already know about the two zones are gaps varying just from our rock work and pass completions in vertical wells and we'll continue and now do the horizontal route and see what happens.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc: I'll follow on this one. If successful, what kind of potential reserve we'll be looking doubling 25% more than what you have been talking about.
Michael Walen: The core work that we've done and with the core consortium is done up there in Northeast PA, it's suggests to us that the upper Marcellus for sure will be a significant reserve add. I think the Purcell is still little bit unknown, but we're very bullish that it will be a significant add to the play because right now, we don't believe that we're getting effective stimulation through the Purcell or the upper Marcellus.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan.: Just a quick one on the Marcellus Shale, what are you thinking about in terms of recycling water and what would the cost implications be if you increase your recycling of water?
Dan Dinges: We have actually gone full cycle now with that process and we're trying to expand the size and capacity that we can recycle. We have fracked the well. We have captured all that. Actually two wells, we fracked two wells and we've captured all of the produced frac water. We've recycled it and we have now gone back in and used that recycled frac water to refrac another well. We were effective and successful in doing so. So we will continue to explore and exploit the efficiencies of that practice.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan.: Then what's the initial thoughts about the cost implications there?
Dan Dinges: I'm willing to let Mike answer that.
Michael Walen: When you consider the trucking costs and disposal of some of these fluids down into a commercial site, it will probably cut our cost by about 50% or more for just handling the water.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan.: So, Mike, the cost there is from what to what?
Michael Walen: Well, we're looking at range of 10 to 12 bucks a barrel to get the water down to our disposal site. That includes trucking plus the cost to dispose and by doing the recycling, we could cut that by over half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Christensen with Buckingham Research.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research: I'm just trying to get a sense of how the Haynesville program will develop a little bit geographically from this latest well. The second one you're testing, how far away is that from the one just...
Dan Dinges: The second well we're testing is four, maybe five or six miles away from the Von Goetz well, and but or six miles away from the Von Goetz well, and but it is around acreage that we own.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research: Then the third well that's spud, how far away is that from let's say the Von Goetz. Let's use that as a marker.
Dan Dinges: The third well is going to be probably five miles. The current well we're testing is west of the Von Goetz and the two and three well are going to be east of the Von Goetz.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research: That's the third well five miles east and then the fourth well, sorry?
Dan Dinges: The fourth well is going to be kind of southwest.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research: I'm just trying to get at those four wells would encompass how much acreage in between if I had to...
Dan Dinges: Just about all of it.
Robert Christensen - Buckingham Research: So everything inside we could start to get more comfortable with.
Dan Dinges: Yeah.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. Mr. Dinges, are there any closing remarks?
Dan Dinges: I'll just say I appreciate all of the interest and certainly the Haynesville is a new wrinkle to the Cabot story with the success we've had and the Marcellus continues to show very strong results. I think with our stepped up program and acceleration of our activity up there and getting everybody under the same roof, I think you can anticipate that we will have a ramp-up of activity that we can report at the end of the next quarter. Again appreciate everybody's interest. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, this concludes today's Cabot Oil & Gas third quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-07 16:15:00) =====
Executives: Mick Merelli - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Tom Jorden - Executive Vice President of Exploration Joe Albi - Executive Vice President of Operations Paul Korus - Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jim Shonsey - Vice President & Controller Mark Burford - Director of Capital Markets
Analysts: Joe Magner - Tristone Capital Andrew Coleman - UBS
Operator: Good morning. My name is Lynn and Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cimarex Energy second quarter 2009 financial and operations conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  Mr. Mark Burford, you may begin your conference.
Mark Burford: Thank you, Lynn, and thank you everyone, for joining us this morning or this afternoon for our second quarter results conference call. We did issue our financial and operating results, news release this morning a copy of which can be found on our website, and well be making forward-looking statements today in this conference call and Ill refer you to the end of our press release regarding forward-looking statements. Here in Denver on the call today we have Mick Merelli, our Chairman and CEO; Tom Jorden, Executive Vice President of Exploration; Joe Albi, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Paul Korus, VP and CFO; and Jim Shonsey, our VP and Controller. We have a lot to cover today. So Ill turn the call over to Mick to jump into the details.
Mick Merelli: Thank you for joining us on todays call. We had a very solid second quarter. All of our core areas are having a very good year and as always we talk about our portfolio of opportunities, which consist of our Cana play, which is in the Mid-Continent which is our gas resource play, our horizontal oil drilling in the Permian Basin, and our 3D seismically controlled Southeast Texas Yegua and Cook Mountain play. In each of these plays weve adapted and our teams have adapted to the current environment. Theyve cut costs, high graded opportunities and in each of the areas weve drilled some really good wells. We generated cash flow of $153 million in the second quarter, which more than funded our capital expenditures for that period. We exited June with availability under our credit facility in excess of $450 million and a net debt to cap ratio of 27%. So, with solid liquidity and a very strong balance sheet, we believe were very well positioned in this current environment. As we discussed on our last conference call, we reduced capital expenditures significantly in 2009 and thats mainly in response to high service and drilling costs, completion costs, and even operating costs. Our 2009 program is going to be focused on our Mid-Continent Anadarko Woodford play and were getting good performance, Tom will talk about that later, our reserves are going up, our cost are going down. This looks like its going to develop into one of the better shale plays in the country. Our Permian horizontal projects with improving oil prices and falling drilling costs and completion costs have made a lot of our horizontal drilling projects look more attractive. Weve had a 30% increase in our production and our oil production has grown to 30% of our production, and in the second quarter, it made up 53% of our revenue. Our Permian effort is really moving ahead in great shape. We have a strong team that develops ideas and we have a nice inventory of horizontal oil drilling. That of course is weve inventoried, we have literally hundreds of inventoried locations and that inventory is driven by an acreage position thats around 700,000 gross acres of that the net is about half of it, so it would be 350,000 to 370,000 net acres. In our 3D seismically controlled drilling in the Gulf Coast Yegua and Cook Mountain we drilled our Two Sisters No. 1 discovery well and that was the first well on a new 3D chute that we had conducted. This is really a nice well its producing 40 million cubic feet a day equivalent and with the liquid part of that contributing about 2,500 barrels a day. In addition, were very optimistic about this area, because on that same chute, we have a number of other opportunities that we will drill as we approach the end of this year and into next year. Tom of course is going to cover more information about all of these areas in a few minutes. Looking forward to 2010, by the fourth quarter, we expect to begin ramping up our activity in the fourth quarter of 2009 were going to start ramping up our activity for 2010. We have a large inventory of opportunities all of which make good economics on price decks that are significantly lower than the strip pricing right now. We continue to restrain our spending at this time to stay within our cash flow and still watching how service costs are dropping. Weve seen 20% to 30% reduction in costs, and so it makes a lot of the things that were contemplating doing very economic under strip pricing and actually acceptable under fairly low flat pricing. As a part of our intention to ramp up our activity in 2010, weve begun to hedge some of our production. We view this purely as a cash flow insurance allowing us to better set an E&D budget, which we would fund from our cash flow and potentially some modest borrowings. We plan to hedge up to about half of our 2010 expected volumes. So, with that, Im going to turn this over to Tom and he can tell you more about our drilling program.
Tom Jorden: Thanks, Mick and good morning or good afternoon to everyone, depending on where you are, Im going to cover our exploration results for the quarter and some of our projections looking ahead where we think well be. Operationally, second quarter was a very good one for Cimarex and all of our core areas are performing very, very well and as Mick said when we say core areas, we mean our Mid-Continent gas resource play as one, Permian Basin, primarily horizontal drilling for oil is two, and then our onshore Gulf Coast higher risk geophysically based prospecting is our third core area. On balance when we look at these areas, we have more opportunity and more high quality projects than anytime in our history. We have an outstanding in the Cana shale play in Western Oklahoma weve talked about that at length over the last couple of calls. We have several highly profitable horizontal oil programs in the Permian and weve had some outstanding recent drilling results with future targets to follow up in our Southeast Texas seismically controlled Yegua and Cook Mountain program. As Mick said in that program we drilled a great well this quarter its arguably the best well weve ever drilled in our history as a company. Its the Two Sisters No 1, its currently producing 40 million cubic feet equivalent per day and Ill cover that in a little more detail later in the call. Ill begin the operational highlights with a quick recap of companywide drilling activity. During the second quarter we brought back a few rigs from our first quarter low of just three operator rigs. We currently have seven operator rigs, three in Western Oklahoma, three in the Permian Basin and one onshore Gulf Coast. During the first half of 2009, we drilled 65 gross or 35 net wells and completed 95% of those as producers. Our sharply reduced operator rig count resulted in drilling 74% fewer wells in the first half of 2009 as compared to 2008. Capital expenditures for exploration and development were $98.7 million for the second quarter bringing total exploration development capital for the first six months of 2009 to $240.7 million. In the second half of 2009, exploration and production capital is picking up a bit from the second quarter pace putting our forecast to capital in the range of $500 million to $600 million for the full year. Ill say just parenthetically our organization has adapted very well from going to the 43 operator rigs we had at the third quarter 2008 to a low of just three and now seven. Thats not our first choice of what we would like to do, our organization is wired for high volume drilling, but theyve spent that downtime very, very productively in terms of maturing and developing new ideas, high grading our portfolio, and is reemerging getting back to drilling we have the best opportunity set weve ever had, so it really is a testament to our organization that theyve used that downtime very well.
 : During the quarter a lot of our energy has gone into certainly taking advantage of decreased cost environment. Weve also spent a lot of energy into optimizing our completion and we definitely seen some fruits of that. So, Cana play began in late 2007 we participated in a total of 55 wells and of these wells 43 have been brought online and the remainder are either in the process of being drilled or awaiting completion. For our 2009 drilling, our current estimates for average gross ultimate recovery is somewhere in the neighborhood of 6.4 Bcf equivalent per well, and theres still a fair amount of debate around that average, but thats something that were currently feeling very confident in discussing. Now this average includes certain wells which we didnt get effective fracs off or had other operational challenges, so in that average there are a range of results that go from 2.5 Bcf to 12 Bcf per well, with a majority of the wells hitting that mid-range. Were very excited about the play were working hard to hold and prove up our 94,000 net acres, and number of you are hearing that number its a few thousand acres down from numbers weve quoted in the past, and a lot of that adjustment comes from some title and other defects from our recent acquisition. Were currently quoting our position as 94,000 net acres slightly more than half of which is held by production. So, large resource and it will be an important part of our portfolio for a long, long time. On the cost side of the play our drilling completion group; have been doing a great job. During the first half of 2009 the companies horizontal wells had an average completed well cost of $8 million, an average horizontal lateral length of the 3,700 feet, and an average time to drill total depth of 64 days. These costs are down from the 2008 average where we had a completed well cost of $10.3 million on average. Average horizontal lateral length was 3,500 feet, and the average time to drill the total depth was 77 days. Joe Albi will cover our drilling completion costs in more detail. Our targets going forward weve seen fairly significant cost reductions and our new drill estimates are even less than that $8 million per well average. Our new drill estimates are somewhere in the $7 million to $6.5 million per well, but we dont like to talk about actual, until weve actually seen those in progress, but weve seen costs coming down, we are very, very excited about what that means to this play. We currently have three operator rigs drilling in the Cana play and expect to drill or participate in approximately 45 gross or 20 net wells during 2009. We also expect to bring in two additional rigs in November or December of this year. So there are currently 11 rigs operating in the play, three of those operator rigs are Cimarex rigs. Weve had a lot of questions, moving on to the Texas Panhandle in our greater Mid-Continent region. Weve had a lot of questions about the Granite Wash and what our position in the Texas Panhandle means with some of these recent announcements of these 20 million or greater per day wells horizontal Granite Wash wells. We have a very nice position in the Granite Wash. Weve been out there drilling as one of the most active operators in the Texas Panhandle of Granite Wash for a number of years. We will drill a couple of horizontal wells here for the remainder of 2009. Were monitoring industry activity and we dont see our acreage position delivering that kind of potential thats recently made the splash, but well be out drilling, were certainly watching the activity and hope to take advantage of any new developments that the play brings. Now, I want to move on to the Permian Basin, which is one of our three main areas. Our Permian focus is on horizontal oil, because of weak oil prices, we dropped all of our operator rigs in Permian Basin at the end of the first quarter 2009. At the end of the year, of course, we all saw what oil prices did. With costs not catching up to it, that program just didnt have the kind of economics we demand, but with improving oil prices and lower service costs, we brought back three operator rigs drilling horizontal oil wells, and our economics in the Permian Basin now are amongst our best economics companywide, at current oil prices and current costs, and as we look to allocate capital for 2010, we think the Permian Basin will see a significant funding. First half of 2009 Permian Basin drilling totaled 20 gross or 15 net wells, of which only 8 gross or 5.8 net wells were drilled in the second quarter. So, a lot of that activity in the first half was actual carryover from our 2008 program. Weve invested $70 million year-to-date in the Permian, which amounts to about 30% of our total capital.  We are working on several horizontal oil plays. We have a shallow Cherry Canyon and Brushy Canyon Delaware project in Eddy County. We have a second Bone Spring horizontal program in Southeast New Mexico. We have our Abo horizontal program in Southeast New Mexico that weve talked at length about, and we have a number of new plays that are under development that are very, very exciting. So, we are very bullish about our Permian program, not only plays weve talked about in the past, but also new plays were developing. As Mick said, we have a fantastic acreage position in the Permian Basin over 300,000 net acres. We recently have undergone a project; weve inventoried what we have to do in the Permian Basin. If we never generate another idea, if we never leased another acre, only things we currently have on our books, and thats well in excess of $0.5 billion of future horizontal oil drilling, so very opportunity rich in the Permian Basin. Were also very near reaching great economics in our Third Bone Spring play and hope to put a rig back to work there, its all relative. We run our economic opportunities at strip current prevailing strip prices but were also looking at all of our opportunities companywide at a flat price case, and currently for oil that flat price case is $45 held flat. Thats a NYMEX price less than any local market deducts. So, we want to get a reasonable return at that $45 flat oil price. With the cost reductions weve seen with some of our recent results that are encouraging. We are seeing quite an opportunity set that meets that hurdle. We have a new play in Southeast New Mexico in the Second Bone Spring. We recently re-entered a well and drilled the Shugart West Federal 31 1H. We had a 93% working interest in that well. Its producing 300 barrels a day, and this looks to be a solid test of a new program that we hope will set up not only additional reentries, but also some grassroots drilling. We have a lot of experience doing this. Our team both from a generation standpoint and operational standpoint has a tremendous amount of experience. As weve said in past calls, in 2008 we invested $300 million drilling horizontal wells in the Permian Basin. A lot of the flush revenue we are seeing from oil program certainly is a direct benefit of that, and we see horizontal oil drilling as a significant part of the remainder of our 2009 but also 2010 program. Permian Basin is really firing in all cylinders right now. In the Gulf Coast, we drilled and completed three gross or 2.9 net producers in the first half of 2009, investing $46 million year-to-date, and that amounts to about 19% of our total capital. In early July of 2009, we brought on production from our Two Sisters No.1 well, thats a 100% working interest well, 75% net revenue interest. Its just about in the city limits of Beaumont, just outside the city limits of Beaumont in Jefferson County. Its currently producing approximately 40 million cubic feet equivalent per day and thats 25 million cubic feet of gas and 2500 barrels of oil. That oil is wonderful thing to have, it actually came online with a little higher oil yield than we had predicted and at todays oil price, and certainly the relative difference between gas and oil, its generating more revenue from that oil production than the gas. So its very, very nice well for us. We currently estimate the ultimate production of that well is somewhere between 20 and 40 Bcf equivalent, but thats a very loose estimate. The well has only been online for a month and well be able to dial that in much more carefully as we produce that well longer. This is the depletion drive reservoir. So with that means it is like a shale well that we talk about in the Mid-Continent thats on a very steep decline. This well should be producing flat at a high rate for sometime before we see any decline. The Two Sisters No.1 was drilled off by newly acquired and processed 3D seismic chute that we talked about this program at length over the last number of years. Weve been a very active operator in this trend Yegua and Cook Mountain trend of Liberty, Jefferson, Hardin County, we drilled almost 90 wells there in the six or seven years weve been active. Its a constant recharge, where we purchase or shoot new 3D data. We reprocess it, we remodel it. We go through phases, where well get new surveys in and hopefully have a drilling inventory off of that. This is our first well off of a new chute. Were very, very encouraged with the prospect set on that new chute and well be drilling quite a few analog look like prospects. Our team did a great job. It was a fantastic coordinated effort involving geology, geophysics, engineering, land and production. Im sure, Joe Albi will comment on the amazing time that our production group took and hooking that well up. They really got that well online and selling gas in a hurry from when we logged it. Were also very encouraged about how this well confirmed our seismic AVL or amplitude versus offset response and the quality of additional drilling prospects we have off this chute. Youve heard us talk from time-to-time that when we drill a new well, we like to calibrate, look at additional opportunities, make sure were dialed in and were very, very encouraged about follow ups we have. So as I said, we have one rig working on this trend in Southeast Texas and its currently drilling an analog prospect off that same chute. With that, Ill turn the call over to Joe Albi, our Executive Vice President of Operations.
Joe Albi: Thank you, Tom. Ill briefly summarize our Q2 production results and our 09 guidance and Ill touch a bit on our current drilling and completion cost and then give you an update on the focus of our production operations group during Q2. We closed the quarter reporting average net daily equivalent production of 454 million a day. That was at the upper end of our second quarter guidance, which was 444 million to 456 million a day. Although, we were down from our Q2 08 total company average of 488 million a day, as a result of our drop in activity. Our continued focus in our core areas of activity resulted again in year-over-year gains and second quarter equivalent production in both the Permian and Mid-Continent. As compared to Q2 08, second quarter 09 Permian production of 168 million a day was up 3% from Q2 08, while our Mid-Continent production of 221 million a day was up 1% from Q2 08. Our total company oil production averaged 22,706 barrels during the quarter. That was slightly higher than our Q2 2008 average of 22,471 barrels per day. Our production was supported primarily by our Permian region, where our second quarter production of 14,300 barrels a day was up 15% from our Q2 2008 average of 12,400 barrels a day, and this being a direct result of our horizontal oil drilling programs, that Tom just mentioned. Permian oil now comprises about 63% of our total company oil. So its certainly gotten on the map in that regard. The Q2 oil volumes helped to boost our total company product mix to 30%, as Mick mentioned in Q2 2009 versus 28% in Q2 2008. It continues oil does to play an important role for us. It now makes up more than 50% of total revenues during the quarter and I think Paul or Mark may touch on that. Our total company gas production averaged 318 million a day during the quarter with the Mid-Continent now making up 60% of our gas. Despite our slowdown activity in Woodford/Caney play helped to increase our Mid-Continent second quarter gas volumes to $190 million a day and adds up 1% from our Q2 08 average of $187 million a day. At June 30, net production from the Caney play averaged $27 million a day and thats up more than five-fold from $5 million a day a year ago. As Tom mentioned, were taking somewhat of a deliberate approach on our Woodford completions trying to refine our completion techniques to optimize production, and as such we still have about a half dozen of so wells that are waiting on production. Our hopes are that our total production from that play should equate fairly closely to what we projected early in the year with our original plan and that is to end the year with an exit rate around $50 million a day from the Caney play over the last two years of drilling that weve had. As we look forward into the second half of 09, we see a number of positive factors that should help lessen the decline that weve been seeing in our production during the first half of the year. First, weve picked up our activity in both the Permian and south Texas, stepping our operated rig count up to seven from three that we had early in the year and Tom, just went over all this. Secondly, we anticipate picking up the pace of our Woodford completions as we continued to refine our completion techniques. Lastly, the successful drilling of our two sisters well on the south Texas, which at current rates represents about 7% of total company production. It certainly has a big impact on production and boost our confidence a bit for continued success on that chute and the two other chutes that we have planned in the area. As such, were projecting our total company production decline to begin to show signs of being arrested in Q3 and Q4, with Q3 guidance of $435 million to $450 million a day and full year guidance of $450 million to $465 million a day, this is up from our previous full year guidance of $440 million to $460 million a day primarily as a result of the successful drilling of our two sisters well. This guidance also takes into account approximately $3 million a day of net production that we sold during the year and as production that generated at $22 million in net sale proceeds. While meeting guidance of course is dependent on our activity level and that of course is dependent on continued or further product price support as well as stable or continued reductions in service cost. During the quarter, weve seen further reduction in many of our service cost items. Operating efficiencies and continued drops in day rates, directional services, tubular cost, fracking, and cementing theyre all making their way down to the bottom line, and as an example, Tom hit on a few of these numbers. In November of 2008, a typical 3,000 foot lateral Cana well frac with nine stages had a completed well cost of a bit more than $10 million. Well during the first half of this year, our costs were running around $8 million for a Cana well, even with longer laterals and more frac stages. With what we believe, weve seen in terms of increased efficiencies and further cost reductions. The APs were preparing today for 5,000 lateral frac with 13 stages are now estimated at or below $7 million. Meeting this cost objective, which is our intention obviously, it will result in 30% plus cost reduction from the late 2008 cost levels that we had seen. Even while were drilling about 1,000 foot more lateral and completing four more stages. So were definitely seeing some cost efficiencies and reductions in seeing it benefit the Cana program. Were seeing similar cost reductions in the Permian. In November a 3,000-foot TVD Southeast New Mexico, Cherry Canyon well, the 2,000 foot lateral, AFE for around $2.4 million. Today that well AFE is for about $1.7 million, thats a 29% reduction. So were seeing it basin to basin, and it certainly has had a big impact in us being able to pick up activity and improve our overall drilling economics. Lastly, a few words on our production operations group, and their exploitation efforts, first off I want to follow up on what Tom mentioned about the Two Sisters wells. Our production group did a fantastic job to hook up that well. We had a good portion of our production facilities assembled while the rig was still on location and the well came online with facilities included, two days after it was perforated. So I commend them for a fine job and having a distinct sense of urgency to get our production on, and as we all know that was important production to the company. During the second quarter, the group in itself with a reduced exploitation budget, it continued its focus on optimizing production, lowering lifting cost and concentrating on our base properties. Through Q2, we performed 230 projects. They totaled $16 million in capital, and our focus was on lift and low cost high impact re-completions and other projects to reduce LOE. We placed the strong emphasis on reducing LOE. We implemented saltwater disposal projects. We optimized compression, retooled our lift assign, refined our chemical programs, and that in conjunction with reduced costs that weve seen in service and fuel, they have made their way to the bottom line, and as a result, we anticipate our 09 LOE will be reduced from 2008 levels by 10% to 15% on an absolute basis and on a dollar per Mcfe basis in the range of 4% to 8%. As we have stated in our previous calls, our 09 exploitation budget was $50 million to $60 million when we entered the year with a strong level of activity slated for the first half of the year. With this only getting down $16 million in the first half you can see that to meet that range, we are going to have to pick up the pace, and the last six months of the year. We will probably end the year somewhere near the lower end of the range, while we do pick up activity. We will be cherry picking from, what I believe is a good solid inventory of lift and re-completion projects. We have high graded them. We will do the higher impact projects obviously first, and then we have got a handful of low risk infill drilling projects in Kansas and West Texas that with current costs and stability in the price environment have surfaced their way to the project list as well. So with that I will turn the call over to Paul.
Paul Korus: Thank you, Joe. Apart from just cleaning up on some things that havent already been mentioned, I just wanted to for sure comment that after withstanding three consecutive quarters of reporting losses, it sure feels very good to be profitable again. We managed to earn $38.8 million in the quarter. Of course thats substantially lower than the year ago quarter. Im sure having everyone recalls that at that time, we and everyone else in the industry were experiencing record earnings driven by record high gas and oil prices. Our $38.8 million was despite things that are hard to anticipate, which we outlined in the news release that totaled about $13.5 million pretax and about $8.5 million after-tax. So, all-in-all from an earnings, as well as cash flow perspective we are very pleased with the quarter. Mick has talked about our debt and a little bit about our hedging, just a few additional comments about that. Our total debt at the end of June was $706 million. That included $339 million of bank debt, which actually decreased a little bit from the end of March, when it was $345 million. So, despite all of the ins and outs that you have for accounting, if you just look at it as a dollars in, dollars out more of a shoe box approach, we were actually under-spent cash flow just very slightly during the second quarter. I will add, as things have stabilized, we actually reduced our bank debt to a little bit more in July. We ended July at $310 million, but we do expect our pace of drilling activity to increase, but all-in-all we think were at a pretty stable level right now. If you look at our total debt of $706 million, again we are in great shape. Its only about $0.50 per Mcfe of proved reserves. Our debt to trailing 12 months EBITDA is still less than one. So, obviously very, very strong credit statistics. On the bank revolver itself, just to remind everyone, we do have $800 million of commitments at the end of July. We had nearly $500 million of availability under that, so, very well positioned. On the hedging front, thats a new thing for Cimarex. I hope you all are getting used to it. We know why were doing it. We really wanted to have a more robust capital program in 2010, so we are trying to put in some call it downside protection or warm winter protection, whatever you want to call it to our cash flow. If you look at it on an equivalent basis combining the 8,000 barrels of oil per day and 140 million of gas per day that we had hedged as our date of our last report, thats about 190 million equivalent per day. So over the next few months, certainly by the next time we report to you, well probably have added on the equivalent of another 40 million a day likely to be comprised of something around 3,000 to 4,000 barrels per day and maybe of around 20 million gas per day. Apart from that I think I should probably comment on our gas price differential, our earnings did come in above analyst expectations. We dont try to do that we believe theres a lot of value in earnings forecast actually being accurate and us meeting those expectations. I think the biggest surprise was that our gas price realization came in at $3.48 and thats the unhedged price. If we were to actually doing hedge accounting, the $3 floors that we have in place for this year in the Mid-Continent would have actually added another $0.12 to that overall realization, but still the $3.48 surprised people that was not down a lot from the $3.83 that we reported in the first quarter, and then of course in the first quarter Henry Hub averaged about $4.90 and only $3.50 in the second quarter. The biggest reasons for that is the fact that Mid-Continent prices have really stabilized. Our Mid-Continent index in the second quarter averaged $2.59 hence we made money on our $3 floors. Actually July and August have improved to better than $3.10 in the spot market is actually north of $3.50 right now. So the big decline that you had at NYMEX prices and Henry Hub prices was not experienced around the rest of the country, so what happened to us in the Mid-Continent with a lesser decline also happened in the Permian Basin which is our second largest area of gas production. The other thing is that were kind of down in the weeds, but I know some of you are aware that some of our liquids rich gas that is sold through plants that we dont own, were paid for our gas at the wellhead, and so we get a percent of the proceeds from the natural gas liquids without getting the volumes and so that comes back to this is an enhancement of our overall gas price. So that, I hope, explains it to most of you that want to understand it in that level of detail. The real question is whats going to happen going forward, since our differential was only $0.02 below Henry Hub in the second quarter, clearly we would expect a third quarter to be that good, and frankly, we expect it to be better than that. So we may even begin to report a positive differential in light of the fact of like I mentioned Mid-Continent prices stabilizing some let well Henry Hub has continued to come down and still experiencing very robust natural gas liquid prices. With that, I believe we are ready to turn it over to the operator for questions-and-answers.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Joe Magner - Tristone Capital.
Joe Magner - Tristone Capital: The well producing at 40 million a day hasnt been on that long. Its in the same general vicinity I believe as the Mabel Oil Well you drilled a few years ago and I think that well stayed flat for 12 months to 18 months or 24 months, you might have to remind me on that. Is that something along the lines of what youre expecting from the Two Sisters well? 
Tom Jorden: The Mabel Oil Well is in Louisiana, a different formation, a different behest entirely. So we really dont make any analogies to the Mabel Oil Well. Were forecasting the Two Sisters well to stay flat. Certainly, I dont know, Joe.
Joe Albi: The encouraging thing about the well is that it has significant flowing pressure. So when it comes down to is how fast that flowing pressure drops at these rates? Right now were early in the game and I would say that given the pressured performance data that were seeing right now it certainly looks as it could hold its own for at least three months. It could hold it longer than that, but it ultimately will be a number that were going to get a better feel for as we produce the well for, Im guessing another month to get some them on all pressure data and watch our point to that.
Mick Merelli: The thing too is that these guys are kind of dancing around all of this. Weve got a fairly good size seismic anomaly. It looks like reserves are going to be. We feel good about the reserve level, but we dont know right now is how many wells its going to take to do that. There maybe a little bit of reservoir separation in that anomaly. Were not sure. So until we get through all of that, then if we can drain the whole thing with one well, its going to stay flat for a year or two. If we have to drill another one or two wells to drain the anomaly, then theyre going to decline a little faster. Right now, were not sure. One thing we do know, its a hell of a well and its tremendously economic project. I would say the thing that were really encouraged about is that weve got some look alike, which in the past means that about half of them are going to produce, because theres always something else happens. Weve done a really good job over the years, making about 50% of these things do what we thought they were going to do. If 50% of them produced you make a ton of money.  So anyway, were very optimistic about it. If you hear a little bit about, what are the rates and what are the reserves? Were just too early in it right now, but the indications make us very optimistic.
Tom Jorden: Weve had a lot of debate about this internally and were not being coy here. Its just very difficult to size these things every time. We sized it volumetrically as best we can, just looking at the size of the feature and estimated thickness of the feature, but our own experience tells us that performance is really a much better tool, and its going to take another certainly probably another month of production before we can say something really intelligent on the size of the reservoir based on performance.
Joe Magner - Tristone Capital: So it could be better and it could lead to I guess larger offset to the natural declines youre experiencing, but rather be cautiously optimistic at this point in?
Tom Jorden: The good news as Mick said, if its on the low side, that means that the reservoirs compartmentalize and we have a second well to drill that will probably mimic and that would mimic the original well. There also good news is this is one of a very rich prospect set or how youre drilling analog features. Were very optimistic about, what this program is going to deliver both in terms of value and production.
Joe Magner - Tristone Capital: Whats the AFE or the well cost on this one?
Tom Jorden: We spent I believe $9.6 million to drill and complete this well. So I think if you calculate, thats a payout thats less than two months on a well like that.
Joe Albi: By the way, since you mentioned the Mabel, just see its still producing 6 million a day four years later.
Operator: Your final question comes from Andrew Coleman - UBS.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: I had a question on the Cana play. You guys are at that 27 million a day exit rate in the second quarter, was that right?
Tom Jorden: Actually, the $27 million is our second quarter average rate.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Can you say what the exit rate was or with those 11 wells kind of having been brought on?
Tom Jorden: Those little bit wells were brought on, Andrew those wells were also drilled during that period with first half of the year. Only a small couple wells were completed during the second quarter. So that did not contribute all to that $27 million. So seven wells waiting on completion, so those well we drilled the first half of the year all were not completed, Andrew. So the $27 million actually wasnt too dissimilar for the average for the quarter. So we didnt have a real big ramp up in the end of the quarter for completions.
Mick Merelli: One of the things that is going on there, when were talking about the Caney play and I want Tom or Joe just jump in, they know a lot more about it than I do, but weve really seen a significant, what we are hoping are going to be significant changes in our stimulation approach and results.  Finally, were finding some things that really have the potential to make some difference and were in the middle of that. So thats why were stimulating these wells in series, and some of the things that were doing look like they have some good promise, and in addition to that, the drilling has really seen some interesting twists and turns. As you know, Devon has a big position in this play and theyre a very good operator. Of course, were partners in a lot of each others wells, so we operate some wells that theyre in and they operate wells that were in. Actually, it winds up being most of what we do theyre in and most of what they do, it just kind of works out, because the way the acreage is scattered that we see each other a lot. Recently, Devon has done some wonderfully, very good job of drilling the vertical portion of their holes. So were very optimistic that theres the potential, because we learn from each other pretty quickly as you might expect we probably learn more from them than they do from us, but we learn it pretty darn fast and so whatever things theyre able to accomplish in terms of drilling the wells or stimulating them or anything else, we get the advantage of it and vice versa. So the days to drill the wells and the cost and the effectiveness of the stimulations, were really starting to see some of those things come together for us. So Im very optimistic about that and the numbers that Tom and Joe have talked about really dont have a lot of that in them. So future, I guess this is typical of the resource play. Future looks kind of bright. We really feel like this is going to be one of the, may not be as big as some of the other plays, but its going to rank right up there with the quality wise with the best of the plays onshore U.S.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: If the play does start to develop and pick up a little more steam, would you hazard a guess as to what a gross rate count for the whole play might look like?
Tom Jorden: I would guess, if things continue to improve, youll see 17 to 20 rigs operating out there by next summer. No, thats total industry. Thats not Cimarex, thats industry.
Mick Merelli: The other thing is though the chapter that is, it depends on what the realizations are. It depends on a lot of things. Half of our acreage position is HBP and were a company that has Yegua and Cook Mountain wells to drill and weve got a lot of horizontal oil wells to drill in the Permian. As we move ahead in this thing, this isnt a race to complete the Cana area. Its a good area and well put money in it, but weve got a lot of areas to put money in and were going to measure ourselves. We may run our debt up in 2010 to some degree, because we have a lot of opportunities, but how fast we develop this and I dont know about anybody else, but how fast we develop it is, its going to be a measured thing, and because we have the luxury to some extent of taking a measured approach.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: No, I dont have an issue with that kind of having to go get after it today or tomorrow, but just kind of want to get a sense on what the future might look like. Do you think, looking at how NGL pricing is and how it affected the gas price this quarter in that region? Should I be thinking about, I guess increasing gas reserve booking potential as a result of that? Would that still filter into oil booking potential at year end?
Joe Albi: No. The liquids and the volumes, theyre wellhead sales. So, what we record are the Mcf that go into the plants. Paul mentioned, a percent of proceeds, and all that really means is that we get paid on the basis of what comes out of the plants. So, we will get the residue, gas sales, volume and revenues and we will get the NGL liquid revenues. We will match those up against the wellhead volumes. So, really what it does is its the same wellhead volumes that just a higher received price.
Mick Merelli: It looks like a higher received price instead of bigger volumes.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: What was the accretion expense for the quarter? I didnt see one listed in the financial statement.
Tom Jorden: Yes, we collapsed that into DD&A partly because of this XBRL thing thats going on. So, were digging in the Q here for the exact number. Jim Shonsey has got it here for you.
Jim Shonsey: Thats $0.05. Its $0.05 per Mcfe for the quarter and year-to-date.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: I will just use that then as a rate going forward. I think its pretty consistent. I guess with $0.05 or $0.06 here the last few quarters. Then lastly, given the strength of your balance sheet, do you think that there will be other properties that you would be looking at? Are there things on the market that could catch your interest over the next few months if we see some distress?
Mick Merelli: We are always interested in that and from time-to-time in the past, weve made larger acquisitions or deals. The thing that strikes me right now is we have multibillion dollars of future drilling that is sitting there, thats high rate of return. We see these as really good opportunities. Each one of these areas that we are in, whether its our resource play in Oklahoma, whether its the Yegua and Cook Mountain in Southeast Texas, or whether its oil in the Permian, those things are high rate of return projects. So, what does that mean, it means that if we bought something, the upside in it would have to be better than what we have. So, if we can find something thats better than what we have, well have to look at that and I hope we do. The fact of matter is what we have is pretty damn good. I cant make a big excuse for us not spending our money developing that, which is again, the whole industry anymore is just lets Tcfs and billions of dollars just roll-off their tongue. We really have identified way north of $2 billion or $3 billion of future drilling opportunity. So, if thats all we are left with Im pretty damn happy.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Mark Burford: Thank you, everyone for joining us today. I appreciate your interest in Cimarex, and we look forward to reporting to you our future progress in the next conference call. I will look forward to seeing you at the upcoming conferences. Thank you very much for joining us today. Take care.
Operator:  This concludes the Cimarex Energy second quarter 2009 financial and operations conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges - Chairman, President, and CEO Mike Walen - SVP and COO Jeff Hutton - VP of Marketing
Analysts: Joseph Allman - JPMorgan Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co. Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Co. Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt Andrew Coleman - UBS Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. My name is Richard, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas First Quarter 2009 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I'd now like to turn the call over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President, and CEO. Sir, you may begin.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Richard. Thank all of you for joining us for this year first quarter teleconference call. I have Mike Walen with me, Scott Schroeder, Jeff Hutton, our VP Marketing; Chuck Smyth, our VP Controller. Before we start, let me say the standard boilerplate language and forward-looking statements that we included in our press releases do apply to my comments. Cabot issued two press releases last night, regarding the quarterly financial results and operational update. These followed two earlier releases a couple days ago regarding the Canadian sale and our credit facility. I will touch on all of these topics this morning. Financially, the company reported a strong first quarter, with $42.2 million of net income or $0.41 per share, after removing select items the largest of which was the gain on sale of assets. This gain related to a sale of some of our legacy West Virginia properties that were no longer strategically located. Clearly, our hedge position drove these results with $89 million of increased revenue coming from our counterparties, making it one of our best quarters. In addition to price, however, increased production was also a contributing factor to this success. The quarter reported production was the company's highest ever recorded in absolute terms. The 16% growth came equally from acquired wells and newly drilled wells, highlighting the growth momentum from our drill bit. The press release shows that regionally the East with its Marcellus initiative and the Gulf Coast region concentrating on the Haynesville and James Lime are and will continue to be the catalyst for production growth. We expect this trend to continue more than offsetting any declines we would see in the West from lack of capital allocated in that region. Let me touch on the Canadian sale. In the year-end conference call, I spoke about the intent to explore alternatives, and clearly, we are pleased with market and our near close of this sale. The closing is scheduled for tomorrow and everything is on track. I would note that the transaction is effective April 1, 2009, and based on our early indications the company will record a small loss on the sale in the second quarter. However, with that that we were still pleased with the transaction and however further focuses on our commitment to the Marcellus and Haynesville strategy. In regard to production guidance, with our Marcellus production exceeding our earlier forecast, we do not plan to change our guidance to cover the loss production as a result of our Canadian sale. The continuous success we see with our drilling program puts us in a great position. While I can't say our forecast production levels are conservative, I can say and I do remain encouraged with the progress we are seeing to create more sales capacity and also the consistent strength we are seeing in the drilling of our Marcellus wells. On our capital program, we remain committed to the $475 million program for 2009. Though, we do continue to tweak where and how we allocate the capital. Using the hedges with the current strip, our cash flow generated still exceeds the investment program. In regard to the Canadian sale, the proceeds from the sale will be used to repay debt. Some of the changes in the allocation of our capital include adding new wells to the East Texas program, including a horizontal Haynesville Lime well and our first horizontal Haynesville Shale well. We will remove several of our County Line wells to make room for these wells. Moving to operations; clearly our Marcellus activity is most exciting and the most economic program within Cabot at this time. The effort of a northeast PA continues to surpass our expectations, as completion results continue to push our takeaway capacity. It is a nice to have such a high class problem. As release stated, today we have drilled a total of 28 wells, eight are horizontal. Field is currently producing at our takeaway capacity or around 34 million cubic foot a day pipeline quality gas from 18 wells. We remain very active and will continue to be active throughout the year. Our next horizontal frac will occur in mid-May. Our plan is increase our fleet of drilling rigs by one in May, plus we will bring in two fit for purpose rigs. These will be about 1000 horsepower rigs later this year. These new rigs will allow us to drill longer laterals, plus handle larger casing which could result in improved stimulation efficiencies. With the inventory of completion in the queue, plus the active drilling program, we have a plan to look forward to the impact on our operations and production from this area to continue. We reported earlier on some of our first horizontal completion efforts and those wells continue to outperform. The 30-day, 60-day and 100-day numbers that we gave you obviously remains strong and again serve as a small indication of just what kind of opportunity we may have up in this northeast PA area. While four horizontals is a small sample pool, we are certainly encouraged with each completion. Our most recent completion, the Heitzman 1H again with only four-stage fracs, we had to shorten the lateral length shorter than we had originally planned, but it flowed to sales at initial rate of 9 million cubic foot per day. In terms of capacity issue, we are installing additional compression and dehydration as quickly as we possibly can. As press release indicated, we expect to grow capacity to 50 million to 55 million cubic foot per day by mid-May and expect up to 85 million to $90 million per day by the end of June of 2009. We have also successfully negotiated a second compressor site about four miles away from our initial site for an additional delivery point to the interstate pipeline. This additional capacity will be available in 2010. Between both the delivery points, we will have sufficient capacity for years to come, we think. In addition to our backhaul takeaway capacity, we are currently negotiating with several parties to also increase our firm takeaway on the interstate pipeline. Also, as part of our future expansion, we have secured bids for our first 3-D seismic survey, which will cover the entire core area of our drilling. We anticipate survey will be acquired about this fall with a final process version in-house and possibly impacting our drilling program by early spring of 2010. We are confident that this new data will allow us to continue to improve our efficiencies in this field. Moving to East Texas, that is certainly our other key focus area for 2009. We have been concentrating on developing the County Line properties, exploiting our Minden area, and meeting our drilling obligations in the Trawick area. Even though we have been pleased with our operations in this area, and all the areas, we are still adjusting our program to try new ideas and to enhance our efficiencies out there. At this point, we have only four rigs operating in the area, with plans to be at one rig by year-end and that will be our last contract rig at that point. At County Line, we have drilled 50 wells with consistent results from this play. Those 50 wells were and are James Lime completions. The field average IP is still approximately 10 million per day, with an average 30-day rate of 5 million per day, again from the James Lime. During the first quarter, we have drilled and completed nine wells with an average IP of 8 million per day and average 30-day rate of 4 million per day. These flow rates are a little bit less than what we have seen as the average, and that's as a result of a conscious effort on our part to flow back these wells at a lower rate to keep the fracs in, in place a little bit longer. We think this process will result in better wells in the long run. In regard to a horizontal Haynesville Shale well, we have agreed to an AMI with one party to drill our first horizontal shale well and we continue negotiations in another area to drill a second horizontal well. These wells will test the productive section we encountered in our vertical Von Goetz #3 well drilled last year on our County Line acreage. There is some recent Haynesville activity in the County Line area that continues to encourage us about this area for the Haynesville Shale. At Minden, we continue to drill a few vertical Cotton Valley wells with consistent results. I think more importantly though we are in the final planning stages for the drilling of another Haynesville Lime horizontal. This well will be drilled in an area where we have had good vertical success in the Haynesville Lime since we had our completion problems on the previous horizontal lime well that we attempted. We are going to be drilling this with so many casing and using a [perp] and plug technique to complete the well. This well should spud here during the summer. Out West is Rockies and Mid-Continent area as per what we discussed previously would stop drilling in the Rocky Mountains area. It's driven solely by the low gas prices that we are seeing. Recent index price for our major market is approximately $2. We continue to conduct our technical work on our new prospects out in the area and certainly know that the market will recalibrate in the future and they will be drilling out there in the future for us. We are following the same path in the Mid-Continent, although we do have one rig currently drilling. After this well is finished, we will drill one more well in Oklahoma and then we will shut down the drilling up there for the remainder of the year. Gas market is not as onerous in the Mid-Continent area, but, nevertheless, it's certainly a weaker market than we were seeing in other areas. On the service side outlook, that is no different than the rest of our peer seeing some significant softening which was certainly needed by the service sector. In the East, we've seen reductions of anywhere from 20% to 25% in non- Cabot owned rigs anywhere from 40% to 50% reduction in drilling mud, cost a 40% reduction in directional drilling cost and 20% reduction or so in drill bits in the Gulf Coast. We are seeing similar reductions. Drilling rigs have come down from market rigs 40%, 50%. Completion pumping costs are down, 40%, 50%, and those services are down anywhere from say 20% to 60%. In the West, you are also seeing significant rate reductions and service costs. These reductions are certainly needed to calibrate with the current commodity price we see. We do think further reductions are going to be coming. Anyway, with that in mind, and that said, Richard was fairly a quick overview. But, we were fairly focused in our two key areas, but I will open the phone lines up for any questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Joseph Allman.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan: Dan, I know it's early days in the Marcellus for these horizontals, these four wells, but what would be your best guess at this point in terms of EURs that you are seeing?
Dan Dinges: We are seeing right now with, again as you mentioned, kind of an early time curves, but we are seeing four plus EURs on these wells.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan: Then, what is your interpretation in terms of the lower than expected declines? And would you expect to try to open some of these wells up some more and potentially get higher initial rates and you are thinking that will lead to some steeper declines closer to the model?
Dan Dinges: I will let Mike answer that. We think we are prudent in the way we are handling the wells. Again, early time data first wells up in a new area, it was a significantly remote area with our discovery well only being the sixth well ever drilled in that part of the woods. So, we are handling the wells prudently and we haven't just absolutely opened the wells up to atmosphere, because we want to keep our frac sand in place. We don't want to damage the wells, close up any efficiency of our fracs. So, we think the way we are bringing these wells online that we are being prudent about it, but as we get deeper into the completions, we are going to be trying different things.
Mike Walen: Yes, Joe. I think Dan is right on there. We have apparently hit some very good rock with some excellent reservoir pressure. The rock is very thick, probably the thickest part of the Marcellus in the trend. What we are concerned about as Dan mentioned is keeping our frac sand in place. We have not had any problems to-date with that issue, but we want to make sure that it doesn't happen, and so we are handling these wells gently. Since it is a new play for us, we don't really want to open these wells up for and get the big flash IPs and to potentially hurt the wellbore. So, that's kind of our strategy going forward, and I think as we get more history then we can address that issue.
Joseph Allman - JPMorgan: And the pressure is holding up pretty strong it seems in this reservoir?
Mike Walen: Yes. Like we said, these wells are outperforming our wildest expectations. Pressure is looking good. No hydrocarbon fluids which we think are very important as far as keeping your relative permeability intact. So it looks like a real home run play.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ellen Hannan.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Just a follow-up on the Marcellus, if you could. What are you now looking for in terms of drilling complete costs for wells for these horizontal wells? And as what you are seeing to-date is already changing your thinking in terms of your development on 100-acre spacing? Lastly, I believe you mentioned a 3-D shoot that you are planning in this area. What do you expect that to yield for you in terms of additional information?
Mike Walen: Ellen, this is Mike. You have a lot of questions there I am trying to think to start with.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: The cost per well.
Mike Walen: The cost per well, we started off obviously on the first horizontals you kind of learn about that and we thought that we could get these wells drilled between $3.8 million and $4 million completed. Our initial wells were right in that range. Now, we are seeing considerable reduction in service costs, as Dan mentioned, but we were learning an awful lot about how to drill them and our rate of penetration, our days on locations have been reduced markedly. Right now, our latest wells are probably getting down into the $3.4 million to $3.6 million range. As a matter of fact, we just did a horizontal well yesterday, getting ready to set our casing and we drill that well for about $2.1 million, with about, say, almost 4,000 foot lateral. In that well, by the way, we do plan to complete it with about 10 stage frac and that is part of the moving target for a total well cost is how many fracs that we do put into it. And of course, the more stages the higher the well cost will be after we drill it. The seismic data, as Dan says, the bids are in. We'll be selecting a contractor to do that work for us. The reason we were doing it is that there is some faulting in the area and it isn't a pervasive issue. But there are enough faults to make drilling sometimes give us some surprises. So we think that the seismic will let us more effectively cite our well site and also steer the horizontal. Then back to your 100-acre basin question. That follows right into that. The seismic is going to allow us to place our wells in the most optimum place for a 100-acre unit, which I think we will be keeping going forward until we get new information.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: I just have one quick question for you in East Texas. Could you just tell us what your expectations are for a Haynesville lime well versus the Haynesville shale well horizontally in terms of either your cost or your EUR? What do you think your benchmark is?
Mike Walen: The costs are going to be very comparable because, obviously, the lime is just a little bit deeper and the drilling characteristics are very similar. Obviously, we think that the lime horizontal will be multiple, a vertical line. Hence, we are looking at maybe one to two Bcf a well for vertical lime well. We would think that a horizontal lime would be a multiple of that, maybe three to four to five times multiple of that. The shale wells, we don't have any history yet. We're encouraged with the result of our first vertical test. We're hearing some nice numbers in the area by other operators. We are thinking right now that the horizontal shale well will be at least on par and, hopefully, better than the horizontal lime well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Following up on the Haynesville, can you just talk to any changes you maybe making in completion techniques as you go forward with a couple of wells here you referenced versus the wells drilled in the fourth quarter early first quarter?
Mike Walen: We tried the Packers Plus and our first Minden horizontal lime well, which was consistent with the flawless completions that we had had in the James Lime in County Line. It didn't work for us. We had mechanical issues, basically a failed completion with our first effort there. The difference right now is simply just we're going to cement the casing and complete this well in a more traditional sense.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Secondly on the Marcellus, if we just take a step back based on the wells that you drilled so far, can you just talk to with your various acreage blocks what you think is prospective than where you see better opportunities regionally?
Mike Walen: Well, one thing about our acreage position, which we've indicated in the past that when we initiated our strategy and our play concept up there, we focused in one area initially, and that is in Susquehanna. We felt like with the data points that were available out there that that was going to be the thickest Marcellus that we could find anywhere in the play. So we didn't lease initially in a lot of counties. We only leased in one county and we blocked up that acreage fairly successfully. So from a regional sense and when you look at the Marcellus play and discussed it as a regional play, frankly we are on a small little postage stamp area with our 160,000 acres in relation to the regional aspects of the play. So far a deviation in what our expectations are on our acreage blocks and since it's all kind of in one area, we are not expecting to see a great deal different in the Marcellus in our area. What we do see regionally though, however, is a differences in thicknesses and we have seen differences certainly in the maturity of the Marcellus, wherein in our area we do have a mature absolute perfectly baked section which gives us pipeline quality gas and some other areas, there is maybe it's not quite as cooked and there is more liquid attached to it. And there is going to have to be some additional facilities to strip out liquids and move the gas into the pipeline. But, again back to I think your question is, what is the risk profile of the Cabot's acreage position in the Marcellus? I would say it's very low.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. That's helpful. And anything from others or any plans on the West Virginia side or maintain the more so focus on the northern Pennsylvania?
Dan Dinges: Well, we are willing remain with us again hide behind trying to enlarge our program up in northeast PA, build a core infrastructure up there, get the people on the ground that we want to see. We are going to continue to focus almost exclusively, certainly from a development standpoint in northeast PA. We are adding people on the ground. We had our board meetings yesterday, and they presented a story that said with our drilling equipment and service infrastructure up there that we have certainly brought our own people up there, but we also hired probably a third of now our work force up there, our locals from the area that we are hiring. So, hopefully we are giving back in that regard. As far as West Virginia is concerned, I think it's safe to say we continue to look at some of our leasehold positions and some of the acreage we acquired in support of the Marcellus in West Virginia. But the expectation would be we would probably test the acreage with a couple of wells, but not go into a development phase in 2009 anyway.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Biju Perincheril.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Co.: Couple of quick questions. In the Marcellus, Dan you addressed the infrastructure, what will be your capacity with the second compressor and the second tap installed?
Dan Dinges: Well, our next benchmark is going to be the 50 million to 55 million cubic foot per day and we expect that to be available to us by the end of May. And then the next tranche, which is where we are putting in a fourth compressor at our existing site and that's going to be a 2300 horse compressor. We expect to be at 85 million to 95 million to 90 million a day in June at that particular site.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Co.: And then you mentioned the second compressor site in early 2010?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have acquired another large site that we are finalizing and that is going to be the location for another tap into the interstate pipeline system and it's going to be another site or an expanded compression plant.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Co.: And then what could be eventually the capacity out of that second site? I mean, could that be another 90 million a day, does the interstate has that kind of capacity available?
Dan Dinges: Well, the two questions there. One is as far as our site is concerned, we are going to be installing a little larger tap into the interstate pipeline capacity at that site, depending on the amount of compression we bring in, could be up to 150 million cubic foot a day. In regard to the pipeline we are flowing into the pipeline. We are flowing into is a 700 million cubic foot per day pipeline capacity. What we are balancing right now is and what I mentioned in the teleconference is that we have firm of up to 90 million cubic foot per day and that's kind of on our backhaul arrangement. All the gas we moved to-date is on an interruptible basis that we are moving on forward sales, but we were also negotiating with several parties for additional firm capacity.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. Thanks. In terms of any estimate on what your exit rate could be out at the Marcellus this year?
Dan Dinges: We have presentation of the board meeting yesterday and we are going to study that a little bit longer before we give that number out.
Biju Perincheril - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. And then one last question. The AMI for the Haynesville Shale program, is that only cover County Line acreage?
Dan Dinges: Yes. What we are focused on right now is the acreage that we not only have in County Line area, but as we mentioned several times, we have for the last almost two years now acquired additional acreage around County Line, which some of the discussions on the AMI covers that acreage also.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Jacobs.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Dan and Mike, as you were looking back and comparing completion techniques between the Ely, the Blacks, the Heitzman wells, what are you doing differently in terms of interval length? Are you seeing better frac placement and any color on prop and types or the amount of pump fluid that you are using?
Dan Dinges: Well, these are slick water fracs. We're just using regular 20-40 sand, pumping them at about 60,000 minutes. I think some of these better wells were just hitting some real good rocks. It's kind of jumping all over the page. Some of these six stage frac or wells maybe were only at 6 million a day. Four stage frac well was 9 million a day. So I think that we're just probably accessing some pretty good looking rock. We haven't done anything special on frac technique or frac fluid recipes, something like that. It's pretty standard stuff.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Just following up on the infrastructure side. We're up to speed on the near term capacity adds. DAN, you mentioned you could see up to another 150 million a day. How do you envision total capacity as you look out to 2010, 2011? Any sort of higher level visionary outlook?
Dan Dinges: Are you talking about from an infrastructure capacity?
Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: Yes, sir.
Dan Dinges: Well, we're going to be again building out this new site. At that new site, we are designing it as a pretty large -- it will be a pretty large slab to allow us to put in a significant amount of horsepower of compression. That's kind of my reference to an additional 150 million over and above anything we've talked about at our existing site is kind of what we are looking at to reach out there in the 2010 range.
Michael Jacobs - Tudor, Pickering, Holt: You are obviously doing some more work on the infrastructure side, but it's becoming increasingly apparent that your capital intensity in the Marcellus is coming down as a function of better productivity. How were you thinking about the tradeoff of accelerating infrastructure build out versus potentially dropping rigs and lowering overall capital intensity of the east region?
Dan Dinges: That balancing act is going to be a dynamic process because we do have a very large acreage position. The acreage position we have up there, again, in this rank area are all primary term leases. So we want to set a program out that is going to be able to capture HBP, if you will, all the primary term leases. So we will continue even though we have five-year term leases or five-year term with five-year kickers, we want to continue to be fairly aggressive on the front-end to make sure we reach out and we don't fall behind on touching all of our undeveloped acreage. So we'll remain fairly consistent on the front-end of this program, but enjoy the efficiencies we are seeing up there not only on enhanced results but certainly reduction in cost.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Coleman.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: I had a couple of questions. One just thinking about the [160,089] acreage you guys have in the Marcellus play. With the 30/30 split for horizontal and vertical wells, do you foresee that sort of split continuing in terms of the 30/30 split or at what point you think you'll start drilling with more horizontal completions?
Dan Dinges: I think it certainly safe to say that we will be drilling more horizontals as we get deeper into our program. Again, we've only drilled 28 wells in a totally rank area. Brian had asked a question earlier about what consistency that we might have on our acreage of possession in the initial stages. We didn't think we would see a great deal of difference in the consistency of the rock and the thicknesses and whatnot. In fact, as we have expanded out from our core with these 28 wells, we are not seeing any big differences in the Rock, in the Marcellus right now. The vertical wells was allowing us to log and look at the entire section to be able to get the data points that we need. So as we get more and more comfortable and certainly we are seeing our expectations met in that regard, we are going to be drilling more horizontal wells, less vertical wells as we step out into a deeper development phase.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. So I sort of think about then from a reserve potential that maybe 80% of the reserves you are going to book on a 7 to 10 Ts are going to come from the horizontal wells as opposed to the vertical wells?
Dan Dinges: Definitely more reserves booked attached to our horizontal program. No question about it, Andrew.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. And then you said you had 28 wells drilled to-date. If I heard right at the beginning remarks, you said something like 16 are tied in. Are those remaining wells? Are they waiting on completion? Or is that part of the backhaul arrangement or something?
Dan Dinges: Mike, correct me if I'm wrong. We had 28 wells drilled. We had four horizontals and 13 vertical wells that are flowing into the pipeline now with 34 million a day. We have three verticals and three horizontals that are waiting on completion, and coincidentally we were drilling three more verticals and three more horizontals as we speak. Are those numbers right?
Mike Walen: We have a couple wells that are shut in.
Dan Dinges: Yes. And we do have a couple wells that are shut in.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Can you give color as to what is causing the shut in? Is it infrastructure, what performance or clean up or what?
Dan Dinges: Yes. We are at our capacity with our 34 million a day and we shut those wells in. And frankly that really tells us something to be able to shut these wells in. We are hitting some buildup pressures. We are looking at how quick these wells continue to build up. So, it's useful information as we go through this process and continue to expand our capacity.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. And then of the wells as you are stepping out and drilling your 60 wells this year, how far I guess or how much acres are you trying to test up? And I'm thinking about it from a reserve book (inaudible) standpoint. Are you getting far enough apart in these wells to be able to [book to offsets] or are they eventually going to get too tighter spacing here this year?
Dan Dinges: Well, we have done two things with our 2009 program. With our reduced cash flow based on reduced commodity prices, we revamped our original plan in 2009 to reduce the amount of pipeline we are going to lay out into our leasehold position and we started with a portion of our wells. We started back filling where we had drilled our 2008 program. And with half our program we also stepped out but not quite as far stepped out with our 2009 program. We will have more wells drill in 2010 even within our 2008 original drilled area and we will have certainly additional spacing and additional wells to drill in between the areas that we are drilling in our 2009 program for 2010. So, I think that answers your question but maybe in a different way.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Sure. And last question here, apologize for the laundry list. But it looks like brokered gas volumes had gone up by about 30% in the first quarter. Can you I guess explain why or what drives that?
Dan Dinges: Well, I will defer that to our VP of Marketing, Jeff Hutton.
Jeff Hutton: I believe the increase has to do with plumed gas out of storage. We had some additional volumes that came out of storage fields that were brokered volumes in 2009.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Those volumes and again the brokered, so they don't flow into your production level, it's just a attach impact.
Jeff Hutton: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Aydin.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Question. On the County Line and Minden, the Haynesville Lime shale, horizontal Haynesville Lime and a horizontal shale, did you change anything from the past in terms of completion, in terms of the drilling, in terms of fracking versus the previous efforts?
Dan Dinges: Yes. I will pass this on to Mike to get a little bit more granular, but our failed Packers Plus effort and County Line, we have not identified conclusively that the failure was a result of it being a little bit deeper and a little bit higher pressure and temperature. But the deductive reasoning indicates that that most likely was the problem with using Packers Plus in our Minden/Haynesville Lime application. So where we are going with the drilling and completion, Michael described exactly what we are going to do with that completion effort and that particular well.
Mike Walen: We aren't going change much on the horizontal drilling part. It will be the same way that we drilled before. We will use higher mud way to course in the shale because of the pressure differential there, but the drilling process will be about the same. As Dan said on both wells, we will be cementing the casing and doing a plug and perp completion probably up to 10 stages in each well depending how far out we get. Now, we did do a lot of research and talk to a lot of our peers in this area. And it appears at least down in this County Line area that the preferred method to complete is by cement in casing and not use in the Packers Plus. So we are going to use that technique on these first two wells.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Mike, you said as a result of the start to extend energy well in that area. Are you doing the same area that you're doing? I mean they have a good IP rates yesterdays.
Mike Walen: Yes, it will be very similar completion.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: How far are you from that acreage or from that well?
Mike Walen: Probably less than four or five miles away.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Mike Walen: And there is other activity out there that that's pretty encouraging right now.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Mr. Dinges, there appears to be no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks?
Dan Dinges: Thanks, Richard. I appreciate everybody's attention and interest in Cabot. I think we were certainly fairly transparent now selling Canada's refocused our efforts, not having rigs running in the Rockies and not having rigs running in the Mid-Continent after the next couple of wells is going to have our entire company focused on the East Texas area and the Marcellus. We continue to expand both of those operations. So keep the fingers crossed that our tough and low commodity price period through the summer will improve as we come into the winter season. We look forward to our next report. Appreciate everybody's interest. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's Cabot Oil & Gas 2009 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-18 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Burford  Director of Capital Markets F. H. Merelli  Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Thomas E. Jorden  Executive Vice President Exploration  Joseph R. Albi  Executive Vice Operations Paul Korus  Chief Financial Officer, Vice President & Treasurer  James H. Shonsey  Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer & Controller
Analysts: [Amir Bala  Liberty Mutual] Andrew Coleman  UBS Gregg Brody  J.P. Morgan Jeffrey Robertson  Barclays Capital Kevin Smith  Raymond James Jeb Armstrong  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.  
Operator:  My name is Connie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the fourth quarter results conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Mark Burford.
Mark Burford:  Thank you everyone for joining us today on Cimarexs fourth quarter results conference call. We did issue our financial results in a news release that was put out this morning and a copy of which can be found on our website. I will point out that on todays call we will be making forward-looking statements and at the end of that release Ill refer you to that regarding a disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements.  Here in Denver on todays call we have Mick Merelli, our Chairman and CEO; Tom Jorden, Executive Vice President of Exploration; Joe Albi, Executive Vice President of Operations; Paul Korus, our Vice President and CFO; and Jim Shonsey, our Vice President and Controller. Thanks again for joining us and well go ahead and jump in on the call. Ill turn it over to Mick Merelli
F. H. Merelli : 2008 was actually a good year operationally. We increased our oil and gas production by 8% to 486 million cubic feet a day equivalent. Thats the average for the year. We generated record oil and gas sales of more than $1.9 billion and our cash flow from operations increased 45% to an all time high of $1.4 billion. Of course the collapse of commodity prices at year end took a toll on our financial results and impacted our proved reserves. That was exacerbated even more by our price realizations that were impacted even greater than what you had seen from the change in the NYMEX. Our basis blew out in the Midcontinent Permian so that during the fourth quarter our differential in these areas averaged over $3 per mcf.  The drop off in both oil and gas prices caused our reported yearend reserves to be lower and resulted in a $1 billion dollar full cost ceiling test right down. Paul Korus will cover that in more detail later in the call. Having said that, we have a very solid reserve base with over 80% of our reserves classified as proved developed. These reserves are associated and come from highly productive wells. The reserve changes that we have, the negative changes they mainly came from cutoff of the tails of the decline curves and from puts that were loss due to lower prices. But, if you remove the price drop affect from the reported numbers, proved reserves would have grown by 8%. The proven undeveloped reserves loss because of low prices are mainly in our horizontal Permian oil plays and our Texas Panhandle gas program. With these low prices cash flow available to reinvest in 2009 will be somewhere between $400 and $600 million and of course thats down significantly compared to 2008. So, our capital is going to be down and were going to have to hydrate all of our investment projects. We have a lot of projects and were going to rank them all and do the ones that make sense. Added to that is the fact that right now it makes sense for us to defer drilling. The projects can be profitable but it makes sense for us to defer the drilling to later when we hope the cost will fall and catch up with the drop in commodity prices. So, we dont think weve seen the full impact on the cost of drilling to complete the wells. Again, one of the things that wont change in our approach is that were going to be doubled disciplined in how we evaluate these project and which ones that we pursue.  Looking at 2009 our capital program will focus on three plays, number one is going to be our midcontinent Anadarko-Woodford play and thats going to comprise the bulk of our drilling activity. The play has low finding costs, the wells are very productive and even in this commodity gas price environment the economics are acceptable. The second area that well be working in even though our activities will be cut down there to some degree is our Yegua-Cook Mountain Gulf Coast program mostly in Southeast Texas. We envision having a rig start up later this spring and depending on how the program proceeds we may run that rig in the program for the rest of the year. Our third area that were going to focus on is our Permian basin horizontal oil projects. That activity has been really curtailed a lot and it really is going to require for that program to really pick up and present us with the kinds of opportunities that wed take advantage of we have to have significant cost reductions so well just have to see how far the drilling and completion costs fall because we have a lot of projects there to drill but they dont make very good economic sense at current costs. So, recapping our capital approach and general comments about our 2009 E&D capital, were going to spend generally what our cash flow is so were going to try to hold ourselves to our cash flow. Our bias is to defer until service costs decrease. We will be mostly focused on the Woodford shale. We do not have significant lease expiration issues in the Woodford or other areas. Were going to have a decreased level of activity in the Gulf Coast and Permian is really depending a lot on what happens to the drilling and completion costs. So, whats going to happen is were going to slowdown but were going to continue to move forward. Along the same lines, we are really, really going to be hygrading all of our investment opportunities. Having said all of that well constantly adapt and adjust the programs and I think a lot of things are going to be changing. With our low debt we think were relatively well positioned to not only get through this economic slump but maybe well see some opportunities come from it. We have a lot of things to drill and with our financial position it may work out that we may even look at some acquisitions later in the year or next year. With that, Ill turn this over to Tom and hell give you some more detail about drilling program.
Thomas E. Jorden : Ill walk you through our exploration development activity for the year program by program and as we have for the past several years our program generally falls in to three major arenas: one, would be our midcontinent; second would be the Permian basin; and third, would be onshore Gulf Coast. In aggregate in 2008 we drilled 450 gross or 277 net wells and we completed 94% of those wells as producers. Our total exploration and development capital for 2008 totaled $1.4 billion. Of that midcontinent and that would be our Andarko-Woodford play, our Texas Panhandle play and southern Oklahoma is the bulk of it. That accounted for 45% of our total capital.  The Permian basin accounted for 38% of our total capital and those are mainly horizontal oil plays and weve talked about those in the past, the Third Bone Spring, the Abo Wolfcamp horizontal play and weve also begun prosecuting a shallow horizontal play. Just by flavor of that program about 62% of our net wells in the Permian basin were horizontal oil wells and 74% of our total capital in the Permian basin were horizontal oil wells. We invested about $420 million exploration development in the Permian basin and 74% of that was horizontal oil wells that were internally generated opportunities. In 2009 were looking at paring back significantly from where we were in 2008. As we discussed in our last call and in some of our operational releases, we hit a high of 42 rigs in late September. When we saw the market turned on us, when we saw commodity prices turn on us we adjusted rapidly. Its taken us a while to finish out that existing drilling program.  We still have some wells that are in the process of being completed from that. By the end of this month we should have a rig fleet that will be somewhere between four and six rigs as a company ongoing. So, were looking at investing this year somewhere between $400 to $600 million of capital. As Mick said were going to stay within cash flow. That capital number is a bit of a moving target depending on our cash flow and that of course is a function of oil and gas realized prices.  Our Midcontinent for 2009 is getting an even larger share of our total pie, that will be around 60% of our total capital and thats due to the Anadarko-Woodford horizontal shale play and the commitments that we have there. Now, I say its due to the commitments, its also one of our most profitable programs and it can stand quite a bit of downside sensitivity in our commodity prices.  Weve been somewhat quite about our results in this play as weve been drilling and gaining information over the last year or two but today were willing to be increasingly forthcoming. Over the last 18 months weve gained a much better understanding of the basic play and weve seen good results from the wells weve drilled so far. Weve drilled or participated in essentially every well in the play. There are only a small handful of wells out of the industry that we dont have a working interest in so we feel we know as much as anyone about the play. We currently have 98,700 net acres in the play. Of that 50,200 are held by production and 48,500 are term acres that have some kind of expiration to them. Those are important numbers to us because with the downturn in commodity price, with the decrease in our own cash flow, were managing our drilling program not only to optimize our rate of return, maximize our cash flow from our investment but also hold our acreage position. The fact that the majority of our acreage is held by production gives us the luxury of timing. For most of that were not under the gun to drill expiring leases.  As we talked about in our last call we completed a purchase of HBP or held by production acreage from Chesapeake in October and that was the last large remaining held by production acreage in the core of the play. We very much like that asset and are delighted to have it. A key attribute to that [inaudible] is that 88% of the 38,000 acres were held by production. Because of the uncertainty around gas markets that gives us significant flexibility with held by production acreage and timing and development and that was a critical decision in our proceeding with that purchase. The Characteristics of the play itself are very attractive to us. In 2008 in the Anadarko-Woodford we drilled 21 wells for about nine net wells and we have a type well that we have a type well that were willing to talk about. Today we see the Woodford in the core area of the play. The type well is somewhere between $7.5 to $8 million to drilling complete. That type well is depending on the lease situation, the land, somewhere between a 4,400 and a 5,00 foot lateral length and we see that type well as somewhere between 6.5 and 7 bcf. So, good economics around that, those are long live reserves, good flush production.  These numbers Im quoting are based on our own average. We have of those 21 wells that we drilled last year we have 18 of them where we think we have enough data to actually make informed statements about their ultimate recoveries so we see this play as involving somewhere between $7 and $8 million to drill and complete a well and somewhere between 6 and 7 bcf equivalent per well.  Now, I will say that theres still a fair amount of internal debate around those numbers. Those are actual averages from our actual results. Were still experimenting with our drilling completion techniques, were still sampling our acreage so it would be unfair for anyone on this call to take our net acres and divided by a spacing and say thats our total resource potential. We certainly dont do that internally. There are sweet spots in this play but that average that Im quoting has sampled our acreage fairly. Were going to have three to four rigs in the Woodford this year running continuously and well drill in the neighborhood of 20 wells this year. Our primary constraint on that is really managing around our cash flow. At one point I will say that we modeled between nine and 12 rigs running in the play. We certainly have the opportunity and a lot of question remain in this play. As I said, theres a debate around the ultimate recovery there is a certain question as to where drilling completion costs are going.  Earlier in the year we were dealing with a $9.4 million drilling completion cost, that same well today has come down between $7.5 and $8 million and were experimenting with cheaper drilling and completion techniques with smaller hole size, smaller pipe and different stimulation so theres still a lot of unknowns about this play but were very excited about our results. We think its a solid contributor for us to the ongoing future and weve got a great opportunity set.  One of the unknowns is ultimate spacing on this play. Weve modeled this internally as 160 acre spacing and when I say 160 acre spacing I mean four wells per section and theres still a question as to whether it will be down spaced to more well per section than that. Certainly, when we look at other shale plays that we monitor around the country, it wouldnt surprise us if our own Woodford play ultimately goes to 80 acre spacing or eight wells per section. These are things that will evolve as we drill and complete. Moving on to other areas, our Gulf Coast we have an ongoing Yegua-Cook Mountain play that will be a continuing part of our 2009 program. We currently have in our core are of the Yegua-Cook Mountain approximately 2000 square miles of 3D data. We acquired in 2008 92 new square miles of proprietary data that we havent drilled on yet so we have a very rich opportunity set. Were looking forward to that being a solid contributor to our program in 2009. Then as Mick said, in 2009 in the Permian basin we have a very rich opportunity set of horizontal oil program spread over several plays in West Texas and Southeast New Mexico. The problem with that play is it cant stand $33 oil. Were looking for our costs to come down significantly, were looking for hopefully some ongoing support in the price of oil. Were going to need both before we reactive that program. These are all internally generated opportunities, very attractive to us from a technical standpoint but obviously the economics currently arent where they need to be. We do have a Permian program thats a reentry program thats shallow oil that well be prosecuting here in the latter half of the year that does withstand some of these lower prices but as Mick said, for our program were watching costs, were expecting our costs to come down dramatically and its going to take a combination of cost decrease and price increase before Permian is a significant portion of our 2009 capital. As we go forward our strategy is pretty straight forward and its a three pronged approach. Our program is going to be comprised of our horizontal shale, mostly thats the Anadarko-Woodford, our onshore Gulf Coast geophysically driven program and our Permian horizontal oil. Go forward strategically were positioning ourselves for those three plays to be the underpinning of our capital investment program. So, we have a great opportunity set. Certainly, when we look today at our current cash flow were in a position thats somewhat new to us and thats we have much, much more opportunity than we do cash flow and so were selecting and hygrading our opportunities and funding the very best companywide. So, our regions are competing for capital and thats kind of a new position for them but, we certainly have a very rich opportunity set. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Joe Albi, our Executive Vice President of Operations.
Joseph R. Albi : Id like to briefly go over our 08 results in production exploitation and then touch on our 09 outlook for both the production exploitation again and then give you a quick synopsis of where we see the current market for service costs with regards to our drilling program. We ended 08 with a good strong fourth quarter for production. We reported net equivalent production of 493.7 million a day, that was an increase of 9 million a day over the third quarter. It was right in the middle of our guidance and we were up 5% from our third quarter 07 average of 471 million a day.  We also recovered the majority of the volumes we lost to Hurricanes Gustav and Ike during the third and fourth quarters which in the end impacted our overall 2008 production by approximately 6.5 million a day. But, despite the storms, our strong fourth quarter brought our reported 2008 total company average net daily production up to 485.5 million a day. Thats an 8% increase from our 07 reported average of 451 million a day but, more comparably on an apples-to-apples basis, after adjusting for property sales our 08 production was up 10% from our 2007 levels. During 08 we saw very nice production gains in each one of our core areas of activity. As compared to 07, our 08 equivalent daily production increased 16% in the midcontinent, 15% in the Permian and 5% in the Gulf Coast. Fourth quarter also marked record quarters for regional production in both the midcontinent and the Permian. With our midcontinent region averaging 238 million a day and our Permian region averaging 176 million a day. Year-over-year our total company gas production was up 6% during 08 an increase driven by the high activity levels in our Texas Panhandle and Woodford shale gas programs. These programs helped to increase our average daily gas production in the midcontinent 19% from 160 million a day in 07 to 190 million a day in 2008.  On the oil side, we also saw a nice increase there as well. Total company oil production increased 12% and this primarily was a result of, as you are all familiar with, our Permian basin horizontal oil program which helped to boost our oil production. In fact, in the Permian we saw 36% increase from 07 going from 9,520 barrels a day in 07 to 12,938 barrels a day in 08.  Our high activity levels during the fourth quarter continued our upward production growth trend in to January and right now were looking at January falling somewhere in the range of $496 to $498 million a day. However, with our decision to cut back our rig count until costs fall back in to line with low commodity prices we anticipate a drop in our production sometime here in the middle of Q1. Looking forward in to 09 weve put various models together trying to predict our 09 production levels and in each case weve built in one primary assumption and that is that well live within cash flow for our capital investment. The wild card in each one of these models is the timing of when well see the costs fall back in line with low commodity prices and be able to pick up our activity. If its early in the year well pick up our production trend after a short period of production decline and if its later in the year well see a bit longer period of decline before our production growth continues. Based on a wide range of possible results, weve projected our full year production to average in the range of 440 to 460 million a day with our first quarter expected to be in a range of 476 to 488 million a day. Weve demonstrated our assets allow for production growth however, given current market conditions and as Mick said as a precursor to this phone call here in his segment, were simply living on our cash flow and were waiting for service costs to fall back to levels encouraging our investments. The timing of this is going to have an impact obviously on our production.  Shifting gears to our exploitation efforts, last year was another successful year for our exploitation program. During 08 our production group deployed approximately $139 million in capital, the performed 448 projects, 75 of which were drilling projects and 373 were work over recompletion and/or remedial type projects. For 09 back in October, we actually began our 09 production group planning process.  With the dramatic change in product prices, weve refocused our group and our 09 production growth strategy around really three simple objectives: number one, increasing on net operating income by optimizing production and lowering lifting costs; number two, effectively utilizing a reduced exploitation budget; and number three, prioritizing and accelerating our focus. We actually have a very solid inventory of exploitation opportunities that weve identified for 09 and through our planning process we generated an inventory of over 550 projects which equated to about $177 million of possible activity. We culled through these projects, we hygraded them and we put together and built a targeted budget of $50 to $60 million comprising a final list of 337 projects, a wide range of varied opportunities from artificial lift, gathering and compression, salt water disposal, recompletion work overs and low risk in field drilling projects. The majority of the inventories is falling in to make [inaudible] Permian areas as has been the case in the past. The projects have been prioritized, it is very important to us so that we focus on the low cost high impact projects here early in the year.  Outside of our exploitation efforts our production group has identified a number of action items where were focused on improving overall operations and lowering lifting costs. Were ahead of the game from a standpoint of planning and now it comes down to execution.  A couple of comments on where we see the current market from a cost standpoint before I turn the call over to Paul. But, over the last month in particular were finally beginning to see strong indications of drilling and completion costs relief. As compared to the peak cost we saw in October 08 weve seen 10% to over 40% reductions in a number of our drilling and completion related costs.  As an example, day rates have dropped anywhere from 10% to 25%, stimulation costs have dropped 30% to 40% and cementing costs have dropped by as much as 50%. Although its a good sign, were coming of a three year period where we saw drilling and completion costs in some areas increase significantly, in many instances more than two fold. With low commodity prices and a sharp drop in industry activity, as Mick pointed out, were optimistic that further cost reductions may be right around the corner.  So, were aggressively pursuing additional service cost reductions where we can and were retooling our drilling and completion program design where we can. Were rethinking whole geometry, Tom mentioned some of that, our casing programs, our steering and down hole tool technologies, utilization of different types of fluid systems, challenging ourselves on stimulation design. Were also working with all of our drilling and services contractors looking at all angles to try and reduce costs. At the same time were continually evaluating program economics based on the service cost reductions that weve achieved and the change [inaudible] drilling and completion program design that we contemplate, all with the goal of getting our drilling program back in to gear as soon as possible. So, with that Ill turn it over to Paul.
Paul Korus : I think today probably the most important things for me to mention or to talk about are: one, cash flow; two, our liquidity situation; and then finally, Ill do a little bit of explaining about the full cost ceiling test write down since not everyone is familiar with how that works. Youve heard Mick, Joe and Tom talk about our process of hygrading our prospects and other drilling activities and lowering costs. Certainly in this type of price environment, thats what we need to be doing and that is what we are focused on. You also hear them mention trying to squeeze a drilling program in to about $400 million of cash flow. I know many of you think thats very conservative, I know I have several analyst that follow us have our cash flow more in the range of $600 to $700 million so let me just talk about our $400 million case. Right now midcontinent gas is selling for about $3.10 and our crude oil is being solid for about $33 or $34. The forward curve for both commodities assumes that prices will rise as the year unfolds. But, the fact of the matter is that the forward curve has been saying that for quite some time. I was just looking at some data, on January 2nd the forward curve said we should be getting about $5 to $6 for our gas right now, were not, were getting $3. Oil was suppose to be $45 or $50, its less than $35. So, were just taking a look at a case that says, Hey prices are where they are and if they remain so what will our cash flow be? That translates in to about $30 to $35 million a month. So, if you do the math thats how we get to our $400 million case. Its not our forecast but it is a case that were obviously taking very serious and one that were going to choice to live with.  So, the next topic then is could we spend more if we wanted to given our existing financing arrangements? The fact of the matter is yes, we could. But, we probably need to complete some endeavors that we have currently underway. We have a revolving credit facility with a strong syndicate of banks led by JP Morgan but also comprised of many other fine banks. Our borrowing base is limited by the size of the note which is about $1 billion.  We have tried to mimic the calculations that banks do for borrowing base ourselves and even with the price deck that the banks are using we would anticipate in the new price regime our borrowing base will still be $900 million to $1 billion. Our challenge in the current environment is that when we put our facility together back in 2005 we only asked for and paid for $500 million of commitments on that credit facility. You see from our yearend disclosures that on December 31st our bank debt was about $220 million which was up from zero at the end of September. How did we get $220 million of bank debt? Well, in December we had some convertible notes that were put to us by some of the holders which resulted in us drawing $105 million on our credit facility to fund that repurchase which was the right that the holders had to put to us. So, that was $105 and then as had been mentioned in October, we had made a $180 million purchase of additional acreage in the Woodford shale which were very glad we have and of course will be the bulk of our capital program in 2009.  As it turned out though, that purchase was essentially funded largely with drawing on our credit facility because our cash flow shrunk so much in November and December after we had made that purchase. So, at yearend we were at about $220. Were currently at about $300 million of bank debt which leaves us about $200 million of liquidity, certainly a number that we can live with and are comfortable with but as Mick mentioned, we are opportunity rich.  We see the possibility that there may be some purchase opportunities we may want to take advantage of later in the year so we are presently working with our banks to redo our credit facility and increase our commitments to approximately $800 million. Hopefully by the time we report to you on our next conference call well have that done. So anyway, that process is underway. Were also encouraged by the fact that some of our BB rated peers in our sector have been able to access the high yield market with yields or coupons somewhere around the 10% range. Thats pretty high, its called high yield for a reason but that is also an option that we will explore after we get our new credit facility put in place.  Those are some things that were working on from a finance perspective. Of course, having said all that you still need to realize that all of our credit statistics are still very strong, rival investment grade companies. Our debt to cap ratio despite the large full cost ceiling test write down last year was still 20% at the end of the year, just slightly higher than that right now. Most credit facilities and debt covenants have a provision for that your debt should not exceed three times your trailing 12 months EBITDA and ours is only about .4 times our trailing 12 months EBITDA. In our worst case scenario of $400 million cash flow, maybe wed be 1.5, still very, very low and of course our debt to total proved reserves is still less than $0.50 per mcfe. So, very strong credit statistics which obviously encourage us that we can indeed expand our revolving credit facility despite the tightness of credit and banks sometime begrudging wiliness to lend. So thats whats going on in that front. Then on to the ceiling test and perhaps some explanation of our adjusted earnings which we describe in our news release. Of course, adjusted earnings is a non-GAAP measure of earnings and we describe that in the news release. But, as opposed to our $12, almost $13 per share loss or $1 billion loss for the year, if we adjust for the combined ceiling test write downs we had during the third and fourth quarter of $1.4 billion, after tax $2.2 billion pre-tax and also adjust for the litigation provision that we had to make which weve described in a couple of news releases which was $126 million pre-tax and $75 million after tax, we come up with adjusted earnings closer to a positive $600 million or $7 per share. Thats another way of saying or reiterating what Mick said, you know 2008 was a pretty good year operationally, it just had a very lousy ending with the two events that caused large charges to our earnings. So, to those of you not familiar with the ceiling test impairment that we had to take, generally accepted accounting principles require that companies that chose to utilize the full cost accounting method versus successful efforts must evaluate the carrying value of their proved properties for possible impairment at the end of each reporting period. So, thats each quarter and yearend. The test to simplify it for you consists of comparing your net book value of your oil and gas properties less any deferred taxes associated with those properties to a calculated maximum carrying value which is referred to as the ceiling. The Ceiling or that maximum carrying value in turn is calculated by determining the present value of the after tax future net cash flows from your proved reserves plus the historical cost basis of any non-producing properties you have. In other words the book value of your acreage. That ceiling is calculated using oil and gas prices in effect on the last day of the period or in the case of an annual period December 31 and then held flat forever and then you discount those cash flows by 10%. You then compare the net book value of those properties less the deferred taxes to that calculated ceiling and if you have an excess you write it off. So thats how we got to our two ceiling test limitations that we had, the first one at the end of the third quarter and then another at the end of the year which totaled $1.4 billion after tax or $2.2 before tax. I also need to add that prices that were used in that determination at yearend were $5.33 per mcf of gas and $36.34 per barrel of oil. Well now, were looking at a gas prices which is almost $2 lower than that and an oil prices thats also about $2 lower. So, on our worry list is of course the end of this quarter so well see where prices are but if they dont improve we are of course facing another impairment.  Of course, we believe in being very transparent, we have scrubbed all of the assets on our balance sheet and we keep a list of looking at everything we have. Many of you know we have goodwill on our balance sheet, close to $700 million worth. We did look at that and evaluate it for possible impairment. There are rules to follow for it and as a result of the testing that we did we did not have to impair it.  Goodwill tests are a little bit more like companies that use successful efforts, you get to use escalated prices, we would use whatever the NYMEX curve would suggest prices would be, you can use different discount rates and you also get to use all of your reserves not just your proved but you get to use all of your probable and possible.  Of course given the opportunities we have in the Permian and the large opportunity set we have in the midcontinent Woodford shale program we have plenty of value from our probable and possible to cover our goodwill so therefore that was not impaired. With that I will turn it over to the operator to entertain questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from [Amir Bala  Liberty Mutual].
[Amir Bala  Liberty Mutual]: Just a couple of questions, first on the basis differentials you know midcontinent, Permian and that area, I mean obviously youre in the $3 range now, do you anticipate that being the scenario for the remainder of the year if gas stays and NYMEX stays in the $4.50 or $5 range or do you expect those to kind of slim down a little bit?
Mark Burford: We do anticipate the differential to narrow as we go in to the second half of the year and our base of that belief is the forward curve actually indicates that and the forward curve is indicating that because of some additional expansion of the [Rex] pipeline from Missouri in to the Ohio area which should hopefully move some gas that is bottlenecking up in the [inaudible] to move to the east coast markets which would imply we have some improvements in the differentials in the midcontinent.
[Amir Bala  Liberty Mutual]: Another question was what is your calculated F&D cost for 08?
Paul Korus : Well, theres many different methods and calculations and of course the sales side will provide most of those. The short answer is they were too high. If you look at the so called all sources method which includes the negative revisions that we recorded to prior year estimates of proved reserves it was just a crazy number, it was $26.61 per mcfe by my calculations. Obviously, like I said thats impacted by the negative revisions. If you look at the money we spend on exploration and development and you look at the reserves that were added through extensions and discoveries that turns out to be $7.51 obviously, higher than the price of gas so also not good. With where prices ended up these numbers for last year are of course not acceptable. When we were making these investment decisions, many of them anyway, oil was north of $100 and gas was $9 or $10.  It is what it is and I think you heard from both Mick and Tom were very focused on a few programs right now so we expect to see our finding costs improve substantially along with the efforts that Joe has underway to reduce costs and our expectations of what will happen with service costs in general. We think well get back in to a competitive level of finding costs. 
[Amir Bala  Liberty Mutual]: Paul, one more question for you on the working capital side of it. You said your revolver was $300 million as of today. Is that primarily due to just working capital, kind of timing of spending and receipts at the end of the year or is there more to it than that?
Paul Korus : There is some of that, prices have fallen rapidly so our receipts are coming down. The decrease in the drilling program, we acted quickly but it is still slow to materialize. We peaked with 40 some rigs in September/October time frame. By the end of the year we were down to 21, by the end of January we were down to 12 and were soon to be down to this four or five but we are still paying the bills from the higher level of activity so there is a disconnect.  Cash receipts falling faster than our disbursements are so there is some of that. But, another way to look at it is E&D expenditures amounted to about $1.4 billion last year, cash flow amounted to about $1.4 billion also. Well, we had $180 million of acquisitions so, dollars are fudgeable but in the simplest sense you could basically look at how did we get $300 million of debt? The convertible notes put to us and the $180 million acquisition.
F. H. Merelli : And we increased our pipe inventory by over $100 million.
[Amir Bala  Liberty Mutual]: Youre at $300 right now, do you see that again, given that the convertible issue is past you know, do you see that an additional kind of draw on working capital? Im looking at $300 million outstanding, right now youre $500 million on the commitments, are we going to get squeezed pretty soon here? Thats kind of what Im worrying about there.
Paul Korus : Well, were not worried about it. Were obviously watching it very closely. We dont expect to be any higher than $350 by the end of the quarter and simultaneously with that we anticipate having our commitments expanded.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Coleman  UBS.
Andrew Coleman  UBS: I have a question, just looking at your firm transport, what kind of options have you looked at over the past few months and are you going to look at ahead of these new infrastructure projects coming on that might give you a little more chance to capture better basis?
Joseph R. Albi : Well, what weve done really in that regard is more focused on the Canadian county stuff. Weve been working with [Oneok] who weve got a long term contract with to help expand our systems and ensure that weve got more than enough capability in their system with enough of that being dedicated to us on a throughput commitment basis. We feel like we can fund anywhere between two to nine rig and meet the commitments and be able to sell our gas. I dont know if thats kind of a rough way of trying to answer your question.
Andrew Coleman  UBS: So you dont have any backhaul arrangements or other sort of foundry stuff?
Joseph R. Albi : No, its just getting it in to their system and getting it sold.
Andrew Coleman  UBS: A question for Paul, it looked like you guys had a fair bit of capitalized interest for the quarter. Do you expect that sort of trend to continue in 09 or was that really related to those notes being called?
Paul Korus : No, it has nothing to do with the notes being called. What capitalized interest stems from is basically the value of the properties not being amortized times and average interest rate. The value of our properties not being amortized has risen as a result of the $180 million acreage acquisition net of costs moved up in to the costs being amortized which in turn were written off.
Andrew Coleman  UBS: Then just a clarification here for Tom, if I heard you right at the beginning it was 98,700 net acres, roughly 50,000 HBP and the balance was on term?
Thomas E. Jorden : Thats correct.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Gregg Brody  J.P. Morgan. 
Gregg Brody  J.P. Morgan: You mentioned that costs are coming down, I was just curious how much is currently factored in to your operating costs and your capital spending budget?
Joseph R. Albi : Where the costs are really hitting us hardest is on this end of the drawing side. I expect that well be able to see some further cost reduction on the [LOE] side, the lifting cost side. Our Permian basin New Mexico team was able to cut about 25% to 30% [LOE] and part of our 09 production group plan is to dissect the [LOE] look at everything we can, electricity, chemicals, remedial work, is it necessary or not necessary in an effort to try and reduce those costs. But, the biggest place where costs are hurting us are on the drilling and completion side, thats our life blood.
Gregg Brody  J.P. Morgan: Youre currently assuming numbers as of last year?
Joseph R. Albi : No, no were looking at those daily. Between Toms guys in exploration and our guys in drilling we know what its going to take at current price levels or even higher or lower price levels to make these projects economic and were looking at current cost reductions that weve seen as well as contemplated program designs and their effectiveness to try and understand what program economics are so were ready to pull the trigger at any given time.
Thomas E. Jorden : Were seeing costs come down. It kind of depends on the basin, depends on the play but certainly in the Woodford for a new drill weve seen those costs come down 15% to 20% and theyre falling rapidly as the industry drops rigs many contractors are competing for services now in a way they havent in the past and were anticipating costs coming down continuingly certainly through the first half of the year.  The question is a natural fall through is where do you guys think theyll finish? We dont know, were certainly running sensitivities around a total aggregate 30% cost decrease of where we ended last year. We would love to see more than that and time will tell.
Joseph R. Albi : These prices drops have really happened over the past two or three weeks, its been rather sudden and I think it just falls in line with reality. Youre starting to see the rig count fall dramatically, a lot of the service companies, lets take fracing for an example, if they had you on their books for many months, if youre already on their books why should they lower the cost of the frac.  So, the books have been weaned down and were seeing dramatic decreases on the stimulation side, the cementing side upwards of 50%, day rates just within the last two or three weeks weve seen 10% to 25% reduction in day rates. Were also seeing contractors be a little bit more inclined to perhaps give you a footage bid when they wouldnt do that before. So, the climate is changing. I think its just starting to happen.
Gregg Brody  J.P. Morgan: You mentioned there are commitments associated with the Woodford, what are they for 09?
Thomas E. Jorden : We currently have three rigs under long term contract and that term would have anywhere from one to three years remaining on it. Were picking up a fourth rig here in April so well have four rigs under some kind of term commitment.
Gregg Brody  J.P. Morgan: Is the fourth rig part of a previous agreement?
Thomas E. Jorden : Yes, its an agreement we entered in to last fall. 
Gregg Brody  J.P. Morgan: What are you seeing for additional rigs? Are you seeing the terms come down or is it still a pretty tight market?
Thomas E. Jorden : Were seeing day rates fall.
F. H. Merelli : One of the interesting points is that we have rate sensitive contracts so theyre market sensitive contracts. So, those contracts they adjust to market every six months. So, were tied to those rigs for over two or three years, whatever the terms are but they all have a market rate sensitive provision in them
Joseph R. Albi : That the rate will drop or go up. It does you know good to have a winner or a loser. Somebodys blue along the way but anyways thats more philosophical than anything else. But, the term contracts I think youre not going to see I mean all these rigs are laid down theres not need to term up a rig. So well live through our contract commitments and when we need a rig I dont suspect right now were going to have a problem pulling one in there to start drilling.
Gregg Brody  J.P. Morgan: I noticed in terms of F&D Paul mentioned what it was for 08 do you have a sense absent provisions what it could look like in 09 with your current capital budget?
F. H. Merelli : The finding costs, I dont really want to get  it has so many moving parts in it. One of the things that really impacted our finding costs this year was the fact that we entered the year with $90 plus oil and we spent over $300 million of drilling horizontal oil wells in the Permian basin during that year. Now, sometime along we werent using $90 but we kind of felt okay about $70 and we were running downside sensitivities at $50.  Well, what happens is then you come to the end of the year and we run everything on this $36 year end price and because those programs are big and they cover large areas we had PUDs booked in there. We drilled the PUDs and then at the end of the year we didnt PUD up the offsets. So, what happened is we spent the money drilling those wells and we didnt book any extra reserves. As a matter of fact because the yearend reserves were lower than what we had anticipated.  It sounds like an excuse but its just a fact you dont spend $300 million plus, what was it Tom? 
Thomas E. Jorden : $307.
F. H. Merelli : So again, its an excuse and well fix it and go forward but that is the heart, that and the basis blow out are the heart of our problems and frankly we never book a PUD that we wont drill. We usually anything we book for PUDs we drill the next year. But again, Ill say this because there is an element of what happens in the future in your question. Weve never been involved in an honest to God gas resource play before to any extent. So, our spots will change a little bit. The Woodford play really looks good for us. I dont know how many of you all have studied or heard or paid any attention to what Devon has said about it but from what they said they like it too. Thats probably going to change a little bit our approach to PUDs in the future because those programs really have a lot of [inaudible] and we like the results.
Joseph R. Albi : One of the things Id like to turn you to is those finding costs numbers also included about $325million of acreage purchases. That acreage is still here and that acreage has opportunity to put the price levels we anticipate we can either get to or that cost can get back down to if they dont get up. Last year was a very strong year from a capital standpoint putting money towards land and that brought us tremendous opportunity for the future.
Gregg Brody  J.P. Morgan: Just on the Permian assets is the breakeven around $15 right now without thinking to economy costs improvements?
Paul Korus : It depends on the play. Some of our plays are very close to being profitable at current cost, current pricing. Some of our plays need $50 oil and some cost decrease so it really does kind of depend on the particular play. But, theres another issue in play and thats while we see costs coming down were going to defer. Were not going to jump out there until this thing settles down a little particularly in oil.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeffrey Robertson  Barclays Capital.
Jeffrey Robertson  Barclays Capital: Most of my questions have been answered but Tom, can you talk a little bit more about what you all can do by yourselves to lower costs on some of these wells whether its through different well bore designs or just getting more well experience under your belt in some of these new plays?
Thomas E. Jorden : Well, Im just going to give you a short answer and turn it over to Joe. The drilling and completion group is under Joes purview and hes done a great job getting them focused on cost but were looking at working with our drilling completion group in terms of hole size, that makes a tremendous difference, whether we do or dont drill a pilot hole. Certainly, in some of our earlier wells weve drilled a pile whole and if you ask a geologist a pilot hole is absolutely critical and they never want to give that up but we find we can often give up a pilot hole and save a considerable amount of money. We look at pay drilling and the efficiencies that gives. In the [inaudible] were looking at longer laterals. Weve watched what theyve done over in the Arcola basin going to considerably longer laterals and were considering that. Joe, do you have any comments?
Joseph R. Albi : You hit on most of them Tom. Were challenging ourselves with lets say casing side 7 5/8ths versus 7, 10  versus 9 5/8ths. Do we need to run a long production string or could we try and live with an intermediate string with a liner. Were challenging where our casing points are, do we use oil based mud versus water base muds? The trade offs of benefits as far as time drilling and days saved. Were really looking hard at our stimulation design. Can we frac with different rates or different percentages of sand or volumes of water?  So, these are all things that were trying to bat around at the same time service costs are dropping. What I can say rather quickly in the last month weve seen, as Tom mentioned, a 20% to 25% decline in that typical well cost. 
F. H. Merelli : Theres one other thing too. In the Woodford well, less than 20% of the cost of that well is attributable to the day work rig costs. So, 80% of our chance to save money is associated with the stimulations and the mud and all of the other things but just the rig itself, what it costs us is less than 20% of the cost of the well. So, we have a lot of opportunities, there are a lot of things out there that can drop, a lot of services and everything and were starting to see those things drop.
Jeffrey Robertson  Barclays Capital: Mick, you said you have four rigs running currently?
F. H. Merelli : Yes, we have one rig running in the Permian and three running in the Woodford.
Jeffrey Robertson  Barclays Capital: One last question, on your Woodford acreage that you have purchased, did you all just buy Woodford rights or do you have rights to any other zones?
Joseph R. Albi : Woodford rights.
F. H. Merelli : Well, it depends, the term leases in general have all rights. The HBP acreage is Woodford only.
Thomas E. Jorden : The acreage block we purchased from Chesapeake was Woodford only.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kevin Smith  Raymond James.
Kevin Smith  Raymond James: I just had a few questions, also back on the Anadarko basin, whats kind of made you comfortable to increase EURs? Is it just longer production history or better well results?
Thomas E. Jorden : These are wells that are very hard decline and then they bend and flatten out. Every one of these shale basis performs a little bit different. For those of you, and I know many of you follow the various shale places that are out there. The Marcellus shale [inaudible] than the Fayetteville or the Barnett or the Haynesville and they have their own unique production declines and their terminal rate that theyve finally established.  We dont have but 18 months production on any one well out there and were seeing some of our recent wells, were very encouraged, theres a debate internally that our wells could even be a little better than were saying but we just dont know right now. One of the other things that were finding is theres a question about pipeline infrastructure, were in the closing days of laying more capacity coming out of Canadian County and some of our more recent wells have been constrained while we get that pipeline hooked up but by the middle of March that problem will be solved and well be collecting a lot more data on our own wells. So, theres a fair amount of debate.  Were also debating what zones to be landing these laterals in, how many stages per lateral we should design, how many feet between stages, a lot of these factors have ultimate implications on the EUR or ultimate production of the well. So, were early time in to this.
F. H. Merelli : We are early time but the other thing that I think we probably ought to say is that when we went in to this play we had core data and the core data indicated that the quality of the rock was very, very good relative to other cores in other shales. So, it was right up there, it was a very high quality rock. Of course at that point we didnt know whether or not it was going to be a successful horizontal shale play.  Subsequent to that in that area there have been 41 horizontal Woodford wells that have been drilled and cased. Of the 41, Cimarex has ownership and has participated in 36 of them. So, we have a lot of information, not a lot, were going to get a lot more, as Tom said it continues to unfold. But, were not totally absent information and those wells are scattered around what we think is the core area to some degree.  So, were moving ahead on it, we feel pretty good. You never can tell because as he said the longest production we have is 18 months. But really, at this point from everything we can see were very optimistic about the quality of the wells. But, well have to see going forward.
Kevin Smith  Raymond James: That kind of leads me in to my next question, is it safe to assume that you participate in Devons 10 wells?
F. H. Merelli : Of the 41 wells that are out there Cimarex operates 17 and Devon operates 15 and of those 15 I think were in almost all of them and theyre in a lot of ours. Theres basically four competitors out there and its Devon I think and I think I read somewhere I think where they have 120,000 acres and weve got about 100,000 and were interspersed and it looks to me like we must do the core area. We have about the same kind of area because their acreage and our Chesapeake acreage is kind of next to each other, its intermingled. Weve competed to buy leases, we had an AMI, when we started this program it started with an AMI between Devon and Cimarex so we shared all of that information. I think we have most of their core information and I know they have everything that we have. So, its been Devon and its been Cimarex basically driving this thing ahead. Theres two other people that are drilling wells out there right now Questar has two rig running and Marathon has two rigs running so its starting to expand some. But, as we view the core area of this, this is a high quality fairly  its not going to cover all of Southern Oklahoma, its a discrete high quality play we think.
Kevin Smith  Raymond James: You might have already said this, forgive me if I missed it, how many reserves have you booked in this play?
Joseph R. Albi : We have 54 bs of true reserves booked in Woodford.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeb Armstrong  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.
Jeb Armstrong  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: First of all what are you thinking of in terms of your corporate decline rate is at this time?
Joseph R. Albi : Our base properties with the new wells that we have can decline pretty darn steep and year-over-year its probably close to 29% to 31% base property decline and thats what were fighting every year.
Jeb Armstrong  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: Turning to the Yegua-Cook Mountain area, when do you think youll have that rig starting to drill and how many wells do you think youll be able to drill in that area?
Thomas E. Jorden : Our plan right now is to bring a rig in in April and start a drilling program. We have a pretty rich inventory. That said were still reviewing it technically. This is very detailed geophysical analysis that rifle shots based on amplitude and direct hydrocarbon indicators we are in the process of reviewing our final prospect inventory. Thats a lot of windage but what Im really trying to say is we have to love these things and we have enough prospects that we think is going to pass muster. Were going to have a final review of that next week. We could easily have six or seven wells this year if we keep that rig busy. But, thats not a promise or assurance of that. Every well we drill gives us new information and we recalibrate our data. One of the things that well be doing this year, one of the things I said last year is we shot a fair amount of new data and were drilling our first well on it here in April. We have 92 square miles of data that we have not drilled on yet. So, when we march out and drill on that this wouldnt be the first time weve had surprises both positive and negative so we really do watch this carefully. So, we have the potential to get six or eight wells done this year but in order to do that weve got to love these opportunities and were going to need to make sure that geophysical response is very well calibrated.
Jeb Armstrong  Calyon Securities (USA), Inc.: Finally, do you sort of have a thought of what kind of acquisition youd like to make?
F. H. Merelli : Well, the world is changed. Everybody use to make acquisitions that had brought them drilling, had lots of upside. The winner in the contest to buy it was in general the guy who put the most on the upside and everything. Pretty much now in the industry you have more opportunity than you have cash to pursue it so basically what well be looking for is PDP, an acquisition that we like that has PDP and that would be pretty much it. Were going to buy a cash flow stream out of some properties that we like and if we can buy the cash flow stream at a decent price, were going to buy it and if we cant we wont. Its a hell of a lot simpler when youre not putting possibles and probables and probably possibles in to your bid.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time.
Mark Burford: Thank you everyone for joining us today. We went a little longer than usual but, please if anyone has any other questions for us please feel free to gives us a call and we look forward to talking to you again in the future.
Operator:  This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges - Chairman, President and CEO Mike Walen - SVP and COO Scott Schroeder - CFO
Analysts: Joe Magner Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus Andrew Coleman - UBS Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co. David Heikkinen Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch
Operator: My name is Shadoy, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas third quarter 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Dinges, you may begin your conference.
Dan Dinges: Thank you. Good morning, thanks for joining us for the third quarter teleconference call. With me today I have several members of management, Mike Walen, Scott Schroeder, Jeff Hutton, and Chuck Smyth. Before we start, let me say the standard language and forward-looking statements included in the press release apply to my comments today. Last night, the company issued two press releases, covering the most recent quarterly and year-to-date financial results along with providing an operational update, regarding progress and status of our Marcellus and Haynesville/Bossier programs. As highlighted, Cabot established another new high for its clean quarterly results, making third consecutive quarter this has occurred. This clearly sets up 2008 financially as the best in the company's history. The $60 million of net income and approximately $150 million of cash flow from operations were the results of increased equivalent production levels and higher realized commodity prices. Even with the softening of commodity prices during the third quarter, Cabot realized a significant up tick in realizations, with natural gas increasing 27% and oil growing 40%. Cabot's hedge position, while very robust in the current market, was actually a negative to the price profile for the third quarter. However, for the fourth quarter, both the oil and natural gas positions are expected to add considerably to our realizations. At this time, the company is 72% hedged on equivalent volumes for the fourth quarter and 54% hedged based on mid-level guidance for 2009, which I will discuss in more detail in a few minutes. Production for the third quarter totaled 24.2 Bcfe, which is the highest quarterly production level reported by Cabot Oil & Gas and over 10% higher than last year's third quarter. The Gulf Coast region is the driver of this growth, with its East Texas successes and its acquisition which was somewhat offset by hurricane impact. The region production, however, was up over 30% between comparable quarters. The remaining regions were relatively flat as the Western Canada have less capital allocated their way and the East continues to transition its program towards the Marcellus based on the success we have realized which we will also discuss today. With the historic changes in the economy, Cabot, as I'm sure others, has received many questions regarding liquidity. At the most recent balance sheet date, the company had $165 million of capacity on its $350 million revolver. Thus far, in October, an additional $40 million has been drawn and we expect to end the year at about $100 million of capacity. With this market, Cabot continues to conduct its business in an efficient orderly fashion consistent with the way we have always done business. Each year we prepare our investment programs to allocate within cash flow and 2009 will be no different. We will continue to monitor the macro environment, the efficiencies of our investment and allocate capital accordingly. We will discuss the specifics of this allocation for each region. In response to the market conditions and commodity prices, we have reduced some of our leasing efforts in select areas. We have delayed several wells, particularly in the West, and now expect our 2008 program to be about 450 wells and a spending level of about $750 million on the organic program. This figure excludes acquisition investment for producing property and leases which total about $450 million and which were funded with a combination of new debt and equity this past summer. For the most part, we will continue with our selected drilling program. For the remainder of 2008, and as such, we currently have 25 rigs operating and 17 rigs that are currently under contract. My Chief Financial Officer indicated I made a little faux pas here and said $450 million for our organic program for the acquisition versus what I meant to say was $754 million for our acquisition and leasing effort. Thank you, Scott. As we discussed in the Gulf Coast, the company started several new initiatives during the third quarter in the Gulf Coast area. Our primary effort revolved around continuing development of the newly acquired assets in the Minden area. To that end, we have completed eight new wells testing Cotton Valley. The well results have exceeded our acquisition model, with an average IP of 1.5 million cubic foot equivalent per day and an EUR of approximately 1.7 Bcfe. Average Cotton Valley well costs almost $3 million completed. We continue to be bullish on this play and we will continue our drilling effort through 2009, with four rigs drilling on this property. Additionally in the Minden area to exploit the potential we've seen in the Bossier shale and the Haynesville Lime, the company has drilled and cased two horizontal wells in these intervals. The first well reached total depth of 14,144 feet with a 3800 foot lateral section drilled in the Bossier shale. The second well which was drilled from the same pad reached a total depth of 14,427 and that was drilled in the Haynesville Lime with a 3100 foot lateral section. We will stimulate both these wells with 10 fracs over the horizontal section. While these wells are ready for stimulation and we had pushed to have these wells completed prior to this call; however, the operation has been delayed until we're able to access enough (inaudible). This is a common problem the industry is seeing in several regions. We are aggressively searching for the supply with our vendors to secure 5 million pounds of frac sand needed for this completion operation. Another new initiative is our deep vertical Haynesville test in the County Line area. This well was recently logged to a total depth below 13,800 feet. We are encouraged with what we have seen in the deeper section and have run production casing. A completion operation will commence once we're able to line up the necessary equipment and secure the frac sand necessary. This test is a significant test as it could open up the deep potential which has not been evaluated under our County Line acreage. Also in the Gulf Coast, a portion of our 2009 program will be focused on development drilling in the County Line James play and the greater Minden Cotton Valley play. We will anticipate drilling 36 horizontal James wells in County Line plus 52 vertical Cotton Valley wells and five vertical Haynesville Lime tests in the greater Minden area. However, it is important to note that should the completions in the two horizontal wells in the Minden area that I just mentioned be successful or the deep vertical completion in the County Line be successful, you can expect us to reschedule our program to exploit the success from these new initiatives. At Trawick, we continue to drill and test wells pursuant to our contract and we will have drilled seven of eight obligation wells by yearend. We continue to see success in the upper Bossier shale, the Travis Peak, the Pettit, Cotton Valley and the Haynesville section in this field. One of the recent deep vertical wells this week has successfully tested a zone and is flowing to sell at a restricted rate of over 8 million cubic foot per day. Trawick has the potential to be a significant development area for Cabot in 2009. Throughout 2008, we have gathered extensive positive subsurface data at a considerable expense, with virtually no cash flow generated from this effort due to surface infrastructure modification. However, we're close to integrating all our successful wells into the existing pipeline system as progress has been made to speed up this operation recently. We anticipate near-term sales rates to be plus or minus 15 to 20 million per day gross. Let's move East in the Appalachia area. First, the traditional comments. The company will drill approximately 220 wells in 2008. The majority of these wells are in West Virginia and are typical infield development wells testing the Mississippi and sandstone in the Devonian shale. We continue to have nearly 100% success in this program, which is typical, and we will continue to drill this type of wells into 2009, although at a slower rate. In the same area but under new initiative, we recently reached TD and set production casing on our first Berea horizontal well in Southern West Virginia this week. We expect more information to follow in the short term from this effort. The Marcellus play in Pennsylvania has become our focus for the future in this region. We kicked off our program in this play in earnest in 2008 where we had been very active drilling, laying pipeline and moving equipment into our Susquehanna project area. We have leased over 150 thousand acres in our play to-date and continue to expand our leasehold effort, although currently at a slower rate. We have drilled 15 wells to-date with five on production and 10 other wells in various stages of completion or pipeline connection. Additionally, we have five rigs drilling, two of them on horizontal wells. At this time, we have started the completion with the first three of six planned fracs on our first horizontal well, with very early indications which I've just received of production flowing to sales approaching 3 million a day from just three of six planned fracs. This exceeds our pre-drill model. Two additional horizontal wells are also ready for completion. This play continues to give us consistent results from our vertical effort. The first five vertical wells currently producing are making a combined 4 to 5 million cubic foot per day, and as previously mentioned, we anticipate that we will have producing anywhere from 6 to 9 million cubic foot per day by yearend. However, with the recent results, these initial vertical completions and now the most recent information regarding our horizontal completion, this projection could be on the conservative side. We have 100% working interest in all of these wells. At this time, our well cost, production, and reserve profiles confirm our early estimate, although the horizontal well is certainly exceeding our estimate. Our well cost ranged between vertical wells 1.3 to 1.5 million for a completed vertical well and $2.5 million to $3 million for our completed horizontal well. Early reserve estimates seemed to fall between 1 to 2 Bcf for the vertical test and 2.5 to 5 Bcf early estimates for a horizontal well. Our Phase I gathering system is scheduled to be finished by the end of November and we will immediately expand that system by 24 miles for gathering the 2009 drilling program. At this time, with compression and existing pipeline tap in place, we are designed to move about 20 million cubic foot per day, but with an additional tap expected to be in place by the end of this month, in fact construction started this week and with our new compression order we will be expanding our takeaway capacity by over fivefold. One question we get asked often is about the status of the water availability for drilling and completion. We did receive our SRBC permit, as expected, on September 11 for 3 million gallons of water per day. This volume will allow Cabot to drill and complete its remaining 2008 and all of 2009 program. The 2009 Marcellus program will be a total of 60 wells made up of 30 horizontals and 30 verticals. We currently have five rigs running in the area and plan to max out at about eight rigs. We are able to expedite the drilling by having several smaller rigs drill the pilot holes, the vertical portions of our horizontal well, set casing and then move in larger rigs to drill the horizontal leg on mud. We have drilled several such wells and have seen a marked savings in time and money. With the premium we receive for natural gas over the Henry Hub in this Appalachia area, the high net interest we realize and the expected completed well cost, the EUR per well and production capabilities of this area, the returns for this project compare favorable with any other project area that I'm aware of. These returns are some of the highest in the company. We expect to see positive results as we move forward and up ramp this program. Moving to the West. We will be reducing our capital exposure in this region for 2009 just as we did last year at this time due to the price received, on the net back price received for gas. However, as we mentioned in earlier calls, certain initiatives have continued and the company did conduct a 40-acre pilot test on the Moxa in the Rockies to test feasibility of a 40-acre downspacing to the Frontier. This pilot has been completed with four wells drilled from a central location. All four wells have been stimulated with the result similar to wells we drilled on 80-acre spacing. It is early time data, but it appears that we are accessing new reserves at pressures typical for the Frontier. We will take more data points but if these wells holdup, we will be able to add considerable infield upside to our Moxa Frontier acreage. Clearly pricing and overall project economics will determine the future timing of further drilling. Also, our first Frontier horizontal well will be drilled during 2009. In the Moxa, the Abbey 3416 Wildcat is drilling below 8400 feet in the Honaker trail. We plan to see this well at total depth within two weeks before the drilling window ends. Moving to Canada. We are drilling the Hinton #11 well, a 2-mile Southeast extension to the proven pool. We have penetrated the Upper Mountain Park interval in this well and expect to reach total depth next week. In the same field, we have just fract the Mountain Park sand in the last well we drilled the Hinton #10. The initial test looks promising with flow rates over 6 million cubic foot per day. It does appear the well may be choked back by frac sand in the wellbore and we are moving in coil tubing to clean out the sand and retest. We are confident the rate will improve considerably following this remedial work. In view of our 2009 market, certainly 2009 will be a challenging but I think rewarding year. Our program is anticipated to give us double-digit production growth and still have spending remain under our discretionary cash flow. We have focused most of our effort in capital and East Texas and Pennsylvania Marcellus play with just over 90% of our program dollars. We feel these two plays provide excellent returns for our investment. We anticipate that the cost environment will be more favorable for the E&P sector in 2009 with marked reduction in price per drilling rigs, services, and people. We have already seen a softening in rig availability, some completion services, in casing availability and cost. Our biggest concern at this time is the ongoing shortage we're seeing of the profit available in East Texas and some of the West regions. While this does not stop our program, it obviously slows the completion operation. Moving to our guidance, with our investment plan heavily weighted towards East Texas and Pennsylvania, our program guidance format will change to reflect production by quarter to the company and away from regional reports. To that end, the new figures have been posted to our website and show a range of equivalent growth for 2009 between 14% and 17% on a $600 million program. This budget is run at 750 Henry Hub and $75 WTI and provides excess cash flow for the program. Additional expense guidance has also been provided. There is definitely a change in sentiment of the market and this industry, Cabot is predicting and proceeding as planned as we have historically. We have put together a program that falls within cash flow expectations which we have done this every year. Any changes to our capital program will be dictated by market conditions with over 90% of our program allocated towards two high potential areas. Cabot is positioned very well for an outstanding year in 2009. Recent test results, in fact just this week give us encouragement that our 2009 production profile could be enhanced. Shadoy, with that, I will be happy to answer any questions.
Joe Magner: Just a quick question on Q4 guidance, with no change in your plans for '08 spending, could you maybe discuss a little bit as to where those reductions are coming from?
Dan Dinges: I'm sorry, in which period, Joe?
Joe Magner: Q4 '08, it looks like guidance came down a little bit, just curious what the primary changes were relative to previous expectations?
Dan Dinges: It was a timing, Joe. We have slowed down our activity in the West on the Moxa as well as other initiatives out there. And then of course, we have also slowed down a little bit in West Virginia. Those are the two main areas that we have slowed up in.
Joe Magner: Then maybe a little bit more color in terms of '09. You've got an initial plan to spend $600 million which is well within cash flow. As things improve, or if things improve, as we get into the year, how would that progress? Would you put more capital into East Texas and the Marcellus or would you reallocate some capital back towards the West and Canada?
Dan Dinges: No. Joe, I think it's at this time, depending on how the market improves and where it improves, with the activity level in East Texas and the Marcellus. We have a number of areas that we might be able to reallocate which we referenced a little bit in East Texas. For example, if the horizontal effort works in the Minden area or the deep tests work in County Line, those two areas could see additional capital allocating and kind of an amendment to our program. Also with this recent activity and well results, we're seeing in Trawick with the well, the vertical well, that has tested and in fact flowing in the line over 8 million cubic foot per day. We are evaluating this and maybe further capital allocated in that area. I might add also as a follow-up to your first question. The other slowdown a little bit in the last quarter, 2008. We did slide a little bit our expectations due to the lack of prop sand on the completions that we have scheduled in East Texas. So it's a shift versus an operational disappointment.
Joe Magner: Okay. And I guess the last comment leads into my next questions. We are hearing a lot about tightness for profit and frac sand. Is there anything you can do outside of what you're already doing to address that or to improve your access to supply or is this just something the whole industry is trying to grapple with?
Dan Dinges: Joe, actually we have been pushing our vendors as hard as we can, and they are very, very much aware of the issue. We have gone as far as to approach the manufacturers of the frac sand and the ceramic sand and, of course, we didn't get anywhere there. We have heard that we are importing sand from Brazil now and their ships on their way. Those boats aren't going to get here until next month, but it just looks like this is a response to the ramp up of these long reach horizontals across the industry that take a lot more, 10 times the sand that a typical vertical well would take.
Joe Magner: Okay. And just is it frac sand or is it prop or a combination?
Dan Dinges: Well, it's both, typical white sand as well as ceramic sand, manufactured ceramic profit. They are both in the short supply.
Joe Magner: Okay. And just my last question. Maybe a comment towards the end of your comments there, Dan, about moving to a companywide production report versus a regional production. Have you already made that change?
Dan Dinges: Yes. Our most recent posting, Joe, on the website has taken that into consideration and the reason for it, basically is with the way we're allocating capital and we're shifting capital certainly by choice and market dynamics, I just didn't want to have to indicate every time I talk about guidance. We've cut capital and production is pushed back and each region when in fact the impact is really on capital and gas.
Joe Magner: Okay, that's all I have. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Singer.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: I wanted to follow-up with a little more color on the Trawick vertical. Did you mention how many zones are involved in that 8 million a day rate and what the cost of that well is estimated at?
Dan Dinges: No, I did not, Brian. I'll let Mike look up where the cost is but with this vertical well that we've just brought on and were testing at restricted rates right now, it's from one zone.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: And that's the deep Haynesville Lime?
Mike Walen: It's a deep zone.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: So how do you think about the ultimate potential I guess, was that the 15 to 20 million a day co-mingled with the up-hole zones then?
Dan Dinges: Well, right now we haven't even gone that far. We have up-hole behind pipe zones. We see some very strong pressures in this zone and we're not going to do anything except watch it flow into the pipeline right now. We would not, it is not our plan to shut a well in with this rate to frac up-hole and then open up ports and then co-mingle.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Okay. 
Dan Dinges: So we're going to continue to flow this well, get good tests out and all that and this well completed is right at about 5 million cost.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: 5 million, okay. I guess what would be the next step if the rate continues to hold in line with expectations? Could you just talk about the additional drilling opportunities around the area?
Dan Dinges: Well, we have ongoing drilling and we have a couple other wells that have seen this deeper section and this is really the first good rate and test we've had and it's near term information for us. We're pretty excited about what we're seeing, but we're going to watch it a little bit. And if things do holdup well, Brian, I think you'll see some additional activity.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And I guess between that well and I guess the initial indications on the horizontal Marcellus well, I know these are just two wells and potentially two of the better wells since you're highlighting them here. But has that been factored into fourth quarter guidance or first quarter '09 guidance or is there upside if these rates hold in and you complete the other three zones or the other three fracs in Marcellus, etcetera?
Dan Dinges: Well, first off, we didn't go cherry pick these wells. These happened to be the only two wells that we had with our first horizontal in our Marcellus and our first deep test in Trawick. But with that being said, both of these wells have exceeded our pre-drill expectations. So we're excited about what we're seeing, and we get say on the Marcellus, we've only produced half, we only frac half the well right now and we're right at 3 million a day from that completion. We're going to clean it up and then we're going to temporarily shut it in and then open up the remaining three fracs and frac this next week and then open it back up. So we're excited about what we're seeing up there. Again, we had some pretty good numbers on pre-drill expectations but we're excited about what we're seeing on our first effort there and this test in Trawick is equally exciting for us, along with the deep log we have seen in County Line.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Lastly, I know you're speaking less regionally in terms of guidance, but how should we think about Rockies production next year, given reduced investment there?
Dan Dinges: Well, I think don't hold me to this Brian, but I would say that production just purely out of the Rockies would be anywhere from 3% to 4%, 5% down.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Hall.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Just kind of drilling into the Marcellus a bit more. In the first three wells you've drilled, can you talk about any sort of, did you run into any difficulties in the horizontal leg and drilling into the Marcellus? Was there any issues that came up?
Dan Dinges: Well, I'll let Mike go into a little bit of detail on that. I will say that, of course, this is obviously a Greenfield effort up there and we learn and expect a learning curve throughout this process, just like they are still learning things in the Barnett and the Fayetteville, but the five vertical wells that we have producing, we learned a couple of things in those wells. I can say that the zones that we have identified as potential in the vertical wells in two or three of the wells, we did not affect full frac potential in two of the three, two or three of the five wells that we are producing right now. And that was for various reasons and Mike can go into details if we need to, might be a little granular. So those five wells even though they're flowing very well, we did not have 100% completions in those five wells. On the horizontal well, we had delays with the rig and the rig was too small and the first rig we had on it, we tried drilling that with air versus mud in the beginning and we decided well we don't need to do that, let's move the small rig off and move a larger rig back on. And once we did that, we drilled basically without any trouble to a TD on that well.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: So you ended up using mud, not air on it?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we did. And the horizontal section. Mike might want to add in here.
Mike Walen: The reason that we went to mud was because we found the pressures to be too high for to handle the air and we couldn't keep the hole open, so we had to mud up and go to relatively high mud weights to keep that hole open. Once we did that everything was fine. To come back to Dan's comment on the vertical wells, we didn't have mechanical problems for not fracting everything. We chose to be selective where we would do our initial fracs and what the logs were showing us. The other zones that we have seen are still there to be completed in the future.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. And then in terms of the gas, what kind of BTU contents are you seeing or do you think you are going to need processing capacity in the Northeast or is it looking pretty dry?
Dan Dinges: No, it is pipeline quality gas, right around a thousand, a little bit over a thousand BTU.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. And then finally, you talked about 2.5 to 5 B's per well on the horizontals and $2.5 million to $3 million cost on the three initial, obviously it's very early, but you talked about the first with only three stages being above expectations. Would it be above that five B expectation or is that kind of more reflective now of the initial result out of that first well?
Dan Dinges: Well, the range we've given you can drive a truck through.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah.
Dan Dinges: We're just getting this information in, so it's a little bit early to speculate out there, but we're really pleased with what we're seeing. I would say overall and I'll take this moment if I may, Mike to make a comment overall. What we've seen out in the Marcellus is an effort to get equipment in our pipeline done and get locations built and get the infrastructure in place and get people up there and the appropriate equipment and decisions on how we're going to drill and where we're going to drill and do we drill from two pad, one pad, two wells or how do we go about this operation and frac techniques and recipe and all that. I guess my frustration is that and maybe I don't have the appropriate patience but it's been a little bit slow. I would have expected our horizontal effort to be a little further along than it is right now. We were delayed for some of our own reasons and we were also delayed though significantly for regulatory reasons up there. So we're a little bit late. I was hoping to have more color at this conference call but I'm glad we could get in half of this horizontal well report. Also in the East, we have many initiatives with the horizontal wells. I would hope to have information on those in the Minden area. We knew we were probably not going to have the in-depth information except maybe the log on the County Line deep test and we were glad to get the new information on Trawick. So my frustration I guess comes in everything in Cabot's program right now that has a lot of visibility on the horizon for us and certainly potential upside is just it's still new information but what we're seeing, it has met and in most cases exceeded what we've been looking at.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks for the color. If I may one more just on the rig count. Companywide, you plan to drop any rigs in 2009 as you bring spending in a bit and then also it sounded like maybe you're adding some rigs up in the Marcellus. I just wanted to confirm. Are you going from five to eight or where is that at?
Dan Dinges: We'll have five kind of up there consistently and as the weather gets better, we'll move in a couple more rigs. When the weather is better for some deep drilling and then probably once it gets, the weather gets bad towards the winter of 09, we might lay down a couple of the rigs up in Appalachia but maintain at least five rigs up there. As far as the 25 rigs we have running now, we don't have besides the information we've given on the West, we don't have plans of letting down too many rigs.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Coleman.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Good morning folks.
Dan Dinges: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: A couple of quick ones. Just looking at the use of the lower horsepower rates that drilled some of the vertical sections, could you like give a rough break down as to I guess the number of days that you can use that rig for of the total days used to drill? Are you getting like 50% of that well? Is it 20% of the well?
Dan Dinges: Andrew, our best effort up there in the Marcellus with the vertical well on air was about nine days to get down to just above the Marcellus at our seven-inch and then we go out and drill the horizontal leg and we can generally drill these wells in under 21 days, TD. So it's using the small rig to do the service hole, really to speed stuff up.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Do you have additional opportunities as you look across your portfolio to use that same style of horsepower rig to save cost, save time?
Dan Dinges: Well, of course, we use that style of rig to drill all of our wells in the West Virginia, so that's just something that we always do. Generally speaking, like at County Line where we're doing a lot of horizontal James drilling, really we have found out the E&P rate for our typical rig there will kind of give us the same kind of penetration. We don't see any value of putting on a small rig and then moving off there because we can get those rigs drilled in a good order with the current set up we have. I would say using the shallow rig would be really most applicable to the Marcellus in Pennsylvania.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. All right. And looking at that I guess base declines and then across your assets, it was said earlier on the call that you expect to see about a 5% decline in the Rockies. I guess could you just go over what you guys do to I guess key production that flat I guess given only 10% of CapEx is going to that region of the country and is it increased work over activities or what?
Dan Dinges: Well, we haven't shut down all activity in the West, okay? So we are going to be drilling some wells in the West. We are going to be doing some work over work but also remember that the decline rate, our base decline in the West is only what, 8-12% depending upon where you are. So it doesn't fall off too badly.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Aydin.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Dan and Mike, of the five rigs that you are using, the number is small. How many of them are small, how many are capable of doing the horizontal leg?
Dan Dinges: We have three rigs capable of doing horizontal up there right now, and two of the small rigs.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And if you go to eight rigs, which one you will have horizontal rigs or the small rigs, if you have the 3?
Dan Dinges: We're still working the plan, Jack, but I think you can expect that we would look for probably two more of the larger rigs to drill horizontals and then one more of the smaller rigs for the verticals.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And Mike, you mentioned that you have 150,000 now in the Northeast in a sense in the Susquehanna area. How much acreage do you have in the Southwest to the Marcellus?
Mike Walen: In what area, Jack?
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: In the Southwest area of the play.
Mike Walen: In Southwest PA?
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yes.
Mike Walen: All right. We probably have in Southwest PA probably only about 5,000 acres. That's blocked up in essentially two small areas. We really did not focus on nor did we want to get into a bidding match with the long term first movers in Southwest PA. So we didn't really get in there.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Then it's the economics and internal rate of return and based on what you mentioned on the IP, the potential, why not accelerate the activity in more than 30 horizontal wells?
Dan Dinges: Well, it's a valid question, Jack. Keep in mind we built this plan and presented it to our Board just this week and we built the plan still with the expectation that, based on our models that we had confidence in our models. We still hadn't seen the rates from our first Marcellus well, our horizontal Marcellus well. And additionally, we have infrastructure equipment. We have bought acreage up there for building site. We're building our yard. It is our every intent because of the superior economics and returns on a play like this, we have every intention to continue to expand our capital dollars allocated up there. But at this stage, we thought that the 60 wells, 30 and 30 vertical versus horizontal and all of the other moving parts we had and uncertainty about the regulatory process that that was a good starting point.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ellen Hannan.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Good morning. I just have a couple questions for you. Dan, in light of your capital program for 2009 and keeping in mind the drilling results that you've had so far, how do you feel about your 235 to 260 F& D cost range?
Dan Dinges: Well, it's fairly early to make that estimate, but I feel pretty good about it. Some of the uncertainty certainly is how quick service cost will come down and we feel fairly confident they will come down. I might add that just as a precautionary measure in our budgeting, we actually put a slight increase in our budget profile for our service cost over and above what we have realized in 2008. So that number, 235 to 260 does include a slight.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Hello.
Dan Dinges: I guess somebody got off and their line is open. I'll continue talking. Anyway, the 235 to 260 does include a slight increase in our capital program over 2008. So if costs come down and results are enhanced, then you could see that number move.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Okay. And one other quick question for you too. One area that you've not made any mention of at all is concerns your properties in Canada. What are your thoughts on that longer term?
Dan Dinges: Well, Canada's focus has been in Hinton. What's interesting about Hinton, I didn't go into any detail about it but what's interesting in Hinton is that this well we're drilling now is a two mile Southeast offset and it's across the River from where we've been drilling and all of our drilling to-date has occurred on the West side of the town of Hinton and the West side of the river. We've jumped the river and we jumped on the East side of Hinton and where we have a significant acreage position over there in the Southeast side that we have covered with our 3D and what not. And this is going to be a very interesting well to expand and prove up a considerable amount of acreage in that particular area. So we're looking forward to those results and with those results, we could modify our program up there also.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Just one last question on Canada. Do you expect your Canadian operations to fund their own cash flow or do you allocate more capital to Canada then?
Dan Dinges: No. We are expecting Canada to fund not only their program but we expect the Canada's cash flow to help fund our East Texas and Appalachia operation. That's our expectation.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Great. That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Heikkinen.
David Heikkinen: The Bossier shale and then the Lime test, can you talk some about the depositional environment? Are you seeing consistent deposition in the Bossier shale across your acreage?
Dan Dinges: David, you were not opened up to the speaker here on the earlier part of your question.
David Heikkinen: Okay, I'll repeat it.
Dan Dinges: Okay. Thank you.
David Heikkinen: Basically just thinking about the Bossier versus the Haynesville and trying to frame up depositional environment and consistency in the Bossier shale as you move into your acreage, I know there isn't the Haynesville and County Line, but just trying to understand consistency and kind of properties? And then next on the Lime, normally it's too tight, so is there a cutoff as far as what you're seeing with the horizontal Lime well that you drilled, just trying to understand that too?
Dan Dinges: David, we have drilled numerous deep data points that are giving us Bossier/Haynesville shale information. We are seeing the Haynesville shale, you will extend overall of Cabot acreage. It is not as thick as we would see over in Louisiana. But the properties, the gas content, so on are the same. More importantly from our perspective is that we are seeing what we're calling the middle and upper Bossier as very thick, very gas charged. We are producing a well right now from the upper Bossier shale at nearly 3 million a day. We talked about it earlier at Trawick at the last conference call that well is actually improving. We're confident that our horizontal Bossier shale which is in the middle Bossier interval is drilled in shale that is rich in silica and quartz and in carbonate, low in clay content. This shale should stimulate very effectively, probably better fract if the efficiency that you might see in the more play rich Haynesville shale. And I think some of the anecdotal evidence that we've seen from some of the other operators suggests that this middle and upper Bossier which may not be getting the big press that we're seeing from Louisiana is going to be a significant contributor to the entire Bossier shale play in East Texas. So right now we're very optimistic on what we've seen so far both from rock properties in the Bossier and Haynesville shale as well as the production and test rates and gas contents that we've seen to-date.
David Heikkinen: So really, just trying to summarize you guys testing the Bossier and favoring it, it's really the economics of the Bossier because it's thicker and the Haynesville thinned out. It's not that you're not seeing Haynesville. It's just thinner so your economics are better in the Bossier on your acreage probably than they would be in the Haynesville?
Dan Dinges: Well, we have seen some data that suggests now from vertical wells and I think that these are horizontal plays, we have seen some data from vertical wells from the big thick Haynesville shale, big thick 200 feet thick or more that the initial rates after frac are not all that big. I mean a million a half a day. So you can say that where we're drilling, although it is thinner, the similar type of rates had been established by up in the Minden area with a well that was drilled by the former operator of the property that was bought. So we think that there's still a lot of upside left in the Haynesville even though it is thinner over in the Minden area.
David Heikkinen: Okay. So maybe I'm reading too much into your decision to test the Bossier and the Lime first. It sounds like you're going to test the Haynesville on your acreage as well as beyond just the vertical well?
Dan Dinges: Absolutely we are.
David Heikkinen: So can you give any thicknesses as far as what the Haynesville and Bossier are on your acreage as you move to the South?
Dan Dinges: We're seeing the Bossier and we don't break it out into the so-called Haynesville. I don't buy the terminology. It's all Bossier. It's between 750 and 1000 feet thick and it's all gas charged.
David Heikkinen: Okay. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: All right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Magner.
Joe Magner: Thanks. Just a follow-up with respect to some comments made about development plans, currently running around 25 rigs and aside from slowing down or laying down some in the West, you're going to keep things pretty consistent. Can you remind us what your average rig count has been throughout 2008?
Dan Dinges: Probably average 22 plus or minus.
Joe Magner: Okay. So I guess how do we think about if you're going from 22 up to possibly somewhere in that range for all of '09, I think CapEx for this year around 750 dropping to 600. You are budgeting service cost increases, where are the savings or where are the reductions really going to come from? Is it workover expenditures? Is it exploration efforts that might be slowed?
Dan Dinges: We certainly have reduced our leasehold considerably. That's one of the areas. We've reduced our seismic is another area. And actually, on the drilling side, we've reduced our drilling capital probably close to 12% to 15%, just on drilling dollars is all we've reduced the drilling portion of our budget 2008 to 2009.
Joe Magner: Okay. Maybe I heard incorrectly earlier. I thought there was a comment about how acquisition and leasehold spending was not included in the '08 budget, the $750 million budget, what was that?
Dan Dinges: That's right.
Joe Magner: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Drew Banker [ph].
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: A question on the attach rates you cited. Are those 24 hour tests, rates just to give us an idea of what time period you're talking about?
Dan Dinges: Excuse me, Eric, which well?
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: The Marcellus well and the Haynesville Lime.
Dan Dinges: Both those wells are flowing into sales.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: So you're producing the Marcellus well to sales right now?
Mike Walen: Let me back up. The five wells that we had that we put out on the press release are all vertical wells and those five vertical wells are producing between 4 and 5 million a day.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And the horizontal well?
Mike Walen: The horizontal well, which is, they have been cleaning it up, tweaking it, shutting it in, turning it on, shutting it in, turning it off and they've now turned it on and got some of the frac sand back and some of the water flow back and all that. They've turned it on and they have now put and as they cleaned it up, they've now turned it into the sales line and it is approximately 3 million a day by itself.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then in the County Line, the James Line play, any updates there, any recent well results and just to look back on how wells are performing there relative to your model?
Mike Walen: We've configured the program. Our most recent completion was around 12, a little over 12 million a day, same pressure profile. We again are averaging and we've drilled approaching 40 wells now. Our average is still almost 11 million a day IP with about a 5.6 million a day, average 30 day IP. So the well results are being very, very consistent across the field and we anticipate that to hold up going forward.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And looking forward to '09, Mike, what's the program look like there again? It is going to be 40 wells again?
Mike Walen: 32 wells I believe it is horizontal James wells in County Line.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great.
Mike Walen: We have three rigs running in the field, maybe a fourth rig in and out but we'll keep that level of activity for most of the year.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks, Mike. Thanks, Dan. Dan Dinges Thank you, Eric.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Michael Hall.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Thanks for the follow-up. Just real quickly on the CapEx. I was wondering how much of the 2009 budget and maybe how much of 2008 as well relates to kind of midstream spending, gathering compression pipeline?
Dan Dinges: I'm going to let them shift through their notes here, Mike.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Yes, Mike, we're looking at for total pipeline and gathering about $34 million in '08 and about the same level in '09. And then up in the facilities production equipment line, we're looking at about, well that number is pretty high in '08, about $20 million to $27 million and it's about $31 million in 09.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Very good. And then the DD&A rate kind of in the guidance, it's a bit higher maybe than I would have thought. Is that predominantly related to the Minden acquisition?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, it's about $0.25 plus or minus is related to the acquisition.
Michael Hall - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Dan Dinges: Okay. I appreciate the questions, the interest. We are certainly looking forward to a better commodity price environment, if we can find that. But as far as our organic program, when you look at what we have in front of us with the most recent data and color, we've been able to add still some pending data with the two horizontals in the Minden area, the deep test in County Line and incremental adds on production in the Trawick area. And we anticipate a couple more horizontal wells to be completed in the Marcellus very near-term and also our horizontal Berea well up there in the East. Pretty excited about what we have in front of us and appreciate your support. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges - Chairman, President and CEO Mike Walen - SVP and COO Scott Schroeder - VP and CFO Jeff Hutton - VP of Marketing Henry (Chuck) Smythe - VP Controller and Treasurer
Analysts: Joe Allman - JPMorgan Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs  Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co. Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch Andrew Coleman - UBS Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital Sarah Spencer - Quartz Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil
Operator: At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas second quarter 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the question over to Mr. Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. You may begin.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Chasity. Appreciate all of you joining us for our second quarter teleconference. I have our management team with me today. Mike Walen, our COO; Scott Schroeder, our CFO; Jeff Hutton, our VP of Marketing; and Chuck Smyth, our VP Controller. The Board applied language and forward-looking statements included in our press release do apply to my following comments. Cabot issued two press releases last night, as most of you probably read, regarding the quarterly financial results and the operational update, with some recent operational successes and our current efforts in the Marcellus and Bossier Shale's, which I will expand on later in our discussion. Financially, the company reported an excellent second quarter, with approximately $70 million net income after removing the expense associated with stock compensation that is driven by FAS 123R valuations. This does represent record second quarter results for Cabot. Higher production levels and higher prices contributed to the increase in performance year-over-year from a clean earnings perspective. I would note that the major contributor to the select item was stock plan payments to our non-officer employees. This reduced cash flow per share about $0.14. The stock compensation expense relates to the finalization of a non-officer employee-based incentive retention plan that paid a portion of their base salary when predetermined stock targets were met. The targets were met and the total payout to the non-officer group was $15.7 million pre-tax. The company's production increased nearly 10% from last year's comparable period and had a 5% increase quarter-over-quarter, led by volume increases primarily from our west region. The east region was relatively flat, as we continue to allocate resources away from our traditional areas in West Virginia towards Marcellus development, including the resolution of inherent startup issues that we have experienced which really should be expected when developing new areas, especially developing those areas where there has never been E&P operations of any magnitude. The Gulf Coast met the expectations, but more importantly, it is positioned to increase base volumes and will also see the additions of the acquired volumes for a portion of the third quarter following our imminent close of this transaction. As we prepare our 2009 program and budgeting process, we have our challenges ahead of us to determine the focus of our capital allocation. As I had mentioned in the past, we have a number of new initiatives, i.e., wells that we are currently drilling, that we have recently collected information and we also have initiatives that we are currently awaiting new information. The good news is that this is a high class problem. We are going to have a decision on selecting which pool of opportunity we will be allocating capital as we move into our 2009 budgeting process. As mentioned, we are in the process of shifting capital from our traditional vertical well program in the east to our Marcellus expansion in Pennsylvania, and also expanding our East Texas Bossier effort. Clearly this will impact volumes, production, from each area. However, this shift to capital will increase the company's production profile overall as we move forward. It is going to be just a matter of what volumes, quantity of volumes come from which area. For the third and fourth quarter, production guidance levels have been increased. This is primarily due to the planned inclusion of volumes from the acquisition for the Gulf Coast starting in September. This is somewhat offset by the lowering of our east volumes due to what I just mentioned, redirect of resources and also to the regulatory delays relating to water. And we did reach a milestone yesterday with the industries, first Marcellus production flowing to sales in Northeast P.A. I will cover a few more details when I get to the east operations discussion. As we announced last night, the capital level, excluding the acquisition related to costs was increased to account for the extensive leasing activity or the extensive land-grab that industry is experiencing right now, plus the additional drilling activity. Right now we expect to drill a total of 516 gross wells for the year and 536 total wells, when you add the acquired properties to this account. Now, I will be slightly more grainier discussing each region. In the west, through the first half of the year, Cabot has drilled 61 gross wells, and without a dry hole. 72 wells remain to be drilled for the remainder of the year. We have drilled 26 Chester wells, 15 Morrow and 20 Frontier wells across the region, with an indicated drilling finding cost of less than $2. The company has two rigs running in the Wyoming Moxa Arch area, plus two rigs operating in Oklahoma. We plan to keep this level of activity for the remainder of the year and into 2009. So far we are very pleased with the results we have seen from our Mid-Con and Rockies drilling program, and we do expect this level of success to continue into 2009. On the exploration front, we have finished drilling the south Gypsum Wildcat that we have talked about several times. We were delayed in completing this well with the drilling step regulations, but we have reached total depth. Production casing was set over that (inaudible) well lateral and we have completed the well. We are currently flow testing and obtaining pressure data to assist in evaluating the extent of this discovery. So far, we are cautiously optimistic, although additional testing will be necessary prior to constructing pipeline into this area. A second well has been staked and we have initiated the permitting process. Later this fall, we will, this is also in a Paradox. We will spud the Abbey Wildcat. This 9000 foot honker trail test will evaluate a large seismically defined structural feature that is northwest of our Double Eagle field. Cabot will operate this prospect with a 25% carried interest. Cabot also plans to initiate in the Green River basin, a test of Lewis Shale potential and its Lookout Wash field with a horizontal well to be spud in October. If this horizontal test is successful, we will set up an additional horizontal exportation on about 7000 acres in the field. Cabot will have a working interest of 45% to 80% or so in this 7000-acre area. Again, this is our first horizontal effort in the Lewis Shale in the Green River basin. Moving to the Gulf Coast; the company has drilled 35 wells during the first half of the year and experienced a 94% success rate. We drilled 16 wells in County Line in the first half of the year which brings a total of 27 horizontal James wells in the field. Now, we also have drilled seven Trawick wells, four of those being outside operated and four Minden wells. We also had some activity in south Texas, as well as some additional activity in our Mississippi acreage position. We have six rigs operating in the Gulf Coast region at this time, two in Minden, where one is drilling a horizontal Bossier test. We have two rigs at County Line, a rig in Trawick, and a rig working in Mississippi. We will also add two rigs later this year, or this summer I should say, into our County Line field. Additionally, there are four rigs drilling for Cabot's account at Minden on the pending acreage acquisition position. Our focus continues to be in East Texas and north Louisiana, an obvious response to the new opportunities we see associated with the Bossier/Haynesville Shale play. We have approximately 135,000 acres in this play, in both states, while our three main project areas fall within the play fairway. Competitor activity, as well as Cabot's work has demonstrated the shale potential in this area. As I mentioned it at Minden, we are currently drilling middle Bossier horizontal test. This well will reach total depth within ten days. This well is testing a zone equivalent to that reported by an operator in Harrison County recently. So far in drilling this well, we have encountered encouraging gas shows while drilling. Additionally at Minden, we will also exploit the success of a recent vertical well in the lower Bossier, i.e. Haynesville shale, and middle Bossier drilled by the operator; the properties we are acquiring. The well that they drilled tested both zones at a combined rate of 1.6 million cubic foot per day from, again, a vertical well bore. Cabot will be drilling an initial horizontal test to evaluate these shale zones, on the acquired acreage in the very near future. The Haynesville Lime continues to show excellent results from vertical completions in the Minden area. As we reported earlier, these deeper tails under the traditional Cotton Valley wells yield up to 1 to 1.5 Bcf of the incremental reserves with up to 2 million cubic foot per day plus of incremental IP at a cost of $200,000 to $400,000 over the typical Cotton Valley completion. The economic returns are very attractive, but we think that a horizontal exportation of this fractured lime section could make this play even more attractive to us. To that end, the company plans to drill a horizontal well to test the Haynesville Lime, immediately following our Bossier horizontal test which is as I mentioned currently drilling. In fact, as we discussed in our operational update last night, we plan to utilize the same pad, skid the rig about 30 feet and spud this well, after completion of the Bossier horizontal. Both well bores will be completed back-to-back and we anticipate first production from the first completion in October. The recently acquired properties at Minden continue to be exploited at this time by the operator with a four-rig program drilling for Cabot's account. After closing this transaction, obviously Cabot will take over operatorship, and we will continue with the program but will modify it somewhat to start development of the deeper Haynesville and Bossier Shale potential. We view these properties to have significant resource opportunities in these zones, which certainly would be accretive to this acquisition. At Trawick, we continue our one-well drilling program. Obviously, as I have mentioned we are restricted to one rig as we are targeted to drill, moving towards drilling eight earning wells, most being planned to the Haynesville. To-date we have drilled three earning wells and are currently drilling our fourth earning well. We anticipate completing all the earning wells by year-end. We have also drilled two wells outside of the Trawick outline area, completing one of those wells in the Travis Peak. As we were drilling our earning wells on the Trawick field, two are deeper targets. We have been encouraged with excellent gas shows in the upper and middle Bossier Shale's and subsequently have moved towards completion of these intervals. The TGU-101 well was completed in the upper Bossier Shale, testing at 3.3 million cubic foot a day at 1,800 pounds flow casing pressure and 5,200 pounds shut-in casing pressure from this vertical completion. The well is currently shut-in waiting on hookup. As mentioned, excellent shows have occurred in the middle Bossier Shale in every one of the deep tests drilled so far. We plan to continue exploiting this resource with additional horizontal drilling in the very near future. At County Line, the company has drilled and is producing 27 operated wells with two rigs currently working with plans to increase the rig count up to three, and possibly four rigs during the later part of this year. We continue to see exceptional results in our drilling program with an average IP between 10 million and 11 million cubic foot a day and a 30-day rate between 6 million to 7 million cubic foot a day. Of note is the recent completion in the Katherine Von Goetz well. That well was tested over 7 million cubic foot a day with a flow casing pressure of 1,300 pounds. This is our southern most operated well on our acreage position. The well is about 7 miles south of our core area of drilling and lies on the new 12-inch pipeline recently completed. With this success, we can confidently say that the acreage which lies between the core area of drilling and this new gas well is proved and we will be developing the acreage as we move forward. Finally at County Line, we plan to drill a vertical wildcat test to test the Bossier and Haynesville potential under our James production. This well will spud in the fall with completion expected in early winter. This well will be an important first deep data point for this area, and will be critical on our far ongoing evaluation of the Bossier Shale in this greater play area. Again, if you are unable to keep straight, the many different initiatives that we have ongoing in our Gulf Coast region, certainly appreciate that position. In the east, let's focus on our efforts to-date on the over pressured Marcellus play in Pennsylvania. At this point, we have approximately 135,000 acres under lease in Pennsylvania and far northwest Virginia, of this approximately a 120,000 acres lie on our Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania project. We have been working on this project since 2006 and have leased what we believe to be the core of the Marcellus play. The Susquehanna area has the thickest and richest Marcellus we are aware of, and we believe our initial wells bear this out. To-date, we have drilled eight wells and we have three rigs operating in the project area. One of these rigs is currently drilling our first horizontal well and we will be down on this first horizontal in August. We are also utilizing smaller rigs to drill the up-hole portion of future horizontal wells, which afterwards we will move in larger rigs to complete the horizontal section. In all, we have planned to drill 18 vertical wells, 12 horizontal wells in this play this year. This is no change from what we have previously stated. However, our completion dates have slid due to the water access issue, which we are all aware of. Also, we plan to drill up to 80 wells in this project area in 2009. In regard to the water access issue, it has slowed our progress. However, we have worked out a short-term solution to allow us to continue the drilling pace through September when we expect to reach and receive a global water permit. Once we receive that that will allow us to increase both our drilling and completion activity into 2009 with a projected eight rig program. We continue to hear about the lack of infrastructure, which may slowdown the development of this play. In fact, we have also heard several mid-stream gatherers that are partnering with E&P company [allied] new systems. Cabot's approach with our history of running extensive pipeline systems in West Virginia chose to develop its own gathering system in our project area. The initial 10-mile system is being laid as we speak. We have completed some of that system and the first Marcellus production, two sales to occur in northeast Pennsylvania happened yesterday. Our first well has been hooked up to the sales pipeline and is flowing in excess of 0.5 million a day and over 2,500 pounds flow tubing pressure from a vertical completion. We anticipate that we will have a number of wells completed and online by the end of this year and we believe we will see an exit rate of between 6 million to 9 million cubic foot per day from the Marcellus. Again, this is a nice milestone to achieve being the first to have Marcellus production in northeast PA. We have been slowed by the water access issue. Again, though we do expect to be able to receive a permit to allow us to move extensive amounts of water on to locations for completions in the very near future. Looking into 2009, we are now buying pipeline rights-of-ways and permitting along a 57-mile pipeline expansion into this core area. The system will be ready as we drill into this area for our 2009 program. We continue to expand our opportunity base even in the face of extreme land competition and leasing competition. Lease bonus costs have sky rocketed, as we have seen bonuses in the range of $2,500 to $3,000 per acre. Industry has ramped up activity to unprecedented levels. In short, leasing has been very difficult. However, we have been successful in gaining acreage position using our rifle shot philosophy where we lease in limited areas. We believe this will allow us to be more efficient and timely in monetizing our investment. In every case, we try to stay in close proximity to a major inner state pipeline, which allows Cabot to get our gas to sales as quickly as possible. The company is leasing not only in our Susquehanna area, but also in several other main project areas in Pennsylvania and Warren in northern west Virginia. Evaluation of these projects new areas will commence in late 2008 and into 2009. As most of you are aware, since our last call, we have made a $600 million acquisition. We have successfully raised the funds to pay for it. We hedged anticipated volumes in 2008, 2009 and 2010 at 13.50, 12.18 and 11.43 per Mcf, respectively. And now all that remains is to close this deal. We are working on the traditional title work as with any deal and expect the transaction to close in the middle of August. You will recall this acquisition triples our Minden acreage to approximately 37,000 acres. Currently mentioned, we are testing the middle Bossier with our first horizontal well, which we plan to be drilled into that section. We have other opportunities and initiatives which I previously discussed. As I said in the operation section, we are well-positioned in two of the most promising plays this industry has seen in a long time. Our task ahead is to accelerate the reserve realization in each of these areas. To do that, we have expanded capital and are putting the necessary resources in place. I do wish we had more tangible results for all of us at this time. However, I like our position and I am confident that as we mature our opportunities, you will also appreciate Cabot's position. If you take into consideration Cabot's acreage position, coupled with the emerging plays on our acreage, and what we found in again, on our acreage and in the immediate area, we could be on the cusp of a material growth change in our story. If you look at the recent sell-off in the position in the market, you look at what Cabot's anticipated reserves are at year-end, we think we are trading in the ground at $2.70, $2.75 at this time. And looking at those values and certainly looking at the inflationary pressures that We have seen in the marketplace, we are looking at re-instituting our buyback program. With that, Chasity, I will turn it back to you and open it up for any questions the group might have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Good morning, everybody.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Joe.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: I guess this is for Mike or for you, Dan. In your field in East Texas, could you just talk about the presence of the upper, middle and lower Bossier and the Haynesville line?
Dan Dinges: Yes. I will make just a cursory comment, let Mike get a little more grainier on it. But for the most part, we see that Bossier section, upper Bossier down to the Haynesville in each of our three areas. I will turn it over to Mike.
Mike Walen: Thanks. Joe, It is 700 to 900 feet thick. As we drill the well, I think as Dan mentioned, we have been encountering significant gas shows with two significant pressure in the upper, what we call, the upper Bossier. The middle Bossier, which is where you have seen some of the recent announcements, what we believe is the middle Bossier. And then, of course, in the lower Bossier, the Haynesville Shale, the folks we bought the property from actually made a completion in that interval and we also see shows in that. And of course we do not have any Bossier penetrations yet at County Line but recent drilling nearby has certainly suggested that same thing would be found at County Line. So we are pretty confident that the Bossier covers the entire acreage spread that we have in our three main projects in East Texas.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: And when you say 700 to 900 feet thick, are you talking from the top of the upper Bossier through to the bottom of the Haynesville line?
Mike Whalen: No, that would be to the top of the Haynesville line.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay, the top of Haynesville line. Okay. So, then you got some additional with the Haynesville line?
Mike Whalen: On the Haynesville line we are seeing some really nice results on that. And as Dan mentioned, we do plan to do the horizontal test in that later on this summer.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Are you seeing any differences, I know you have got limited data but any differences in the quality difference between the upper, middle and lower Bossier?
Mike Whalen: In the sense of rock quality or production quality or what?
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Both, actually.
Mike Whalen: We really do not have a lot of data yet to make that kind of definition, Joe. We just have some early time information.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay. And then, I guess the first horizontal result we will get, I know that you are doing those two horizontal wells in Minden, one to the middle Bossier, one to the Haynesville Lime and we will get the results, I guess October, November. But will we get the Minden horizontal from the acquired properties before then? And if so what is the expectation on that timetable?
Mike Whalen: It will probably be contemporaneous with that, Joe.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay, got you, Thanks. Okay, and then in your release, you are talking about net acreage in this play and then also in the Marcellus. Could you give us net acreage positions?
Mike Whalen: Well, we have a fairly high net position also. For example, the acreage that we acquired in the recent acquisition in the Minden area is 95% working interest in that position. I amAnd I am sorry, the other areas you are talking about, Joe?
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Just, I guess, in your release you talked about 125,000 gross acreage in the Bossier play and 135,000 in the over pressured Marcellus. I amI am just trying to go from gross to net in both those plays.
Mike Whalen: In the Marcellus that is, that gross number and net number is essentially the same.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay.
Mike Whalen: Because Cabot's leasing up there 100% and there is not a great deal of division of [manual] ownership up there, simply because of the lack of historic E&P operations. And the net number is, I do not have it exactly in front of me Joe in the East Texas, North Louisiana area but it is a very high net number comparable to our gross.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay.
Dan Dinges: Joe, the majority is the acreage in County Line would be a 100%. We do have some leases where we have partners where our minimum working interest would be like 70%. In Trawick, we are right now at 100%. Our partner has not yet elected to join us on anything, so that could end up being a 100%. And up in Minden, again like County Line the majority is 100%, but we do have some leases where we have partners, but generally speaking, those never go less than about 75% working interest.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Got you, that is helpful. And just last one, and then I will get back in the queue. In the Marcellus Shale, I think you said you are going to get to 6 million to 9 million a day and I am thinking that is by the end of this year. Could you just help us with like, what kind of production growth do you expect to see for Cabot in the Marcellus Shale? And you can give us wide ranges, just to kind of help us to think about how this can be really meaningful for Cabot?
Dan Dinges: Great question and very good information to have. We have not as you are aware drilled our first horizontal well. All we have is kind of the sidebar information from what we have heard out there. I think one of our peers had made estimates of their horizontal completions at over 4 million cubic foot per day.  We have given pretty wide berth for us because we are still educating and learning the regulations that are a dynamic process in Pennsylvania. And so the timing of whatever the production is and when it comes on is a little bit uncertain, but we do think that the regulatory agencies are working with us, it is just that I think they are trying to determine the regulatory overprint as we go and as they anticipate a significant level of opportunity and activity up in this area. But Joe with what we have seen, let me take this time if I may, and start it with just a vertical completion. The Marcellus, we have absolutely determined is a very nice program, if you just look at a vertical completion. The cost of drilling and completing a vertical well, what we anticipate on production and what we would anticipate on EUR yields a very very nice return project. We think with what we have seen so far and what we have studied and what we have modeled, that our horizontal aspect to this program is going to yield the multiple enhancement that you would typically expect to see vertical to horizontal. And that would be an expectation of three to four times the IPs and the three to four times the production, I mean the reserve recognition at a cost vertical of about two times or so the cost of a vertical well. We have not seen anything to deter us from that expectation. We expect a vertical well backing up a little bit, a vertical well to recognize a million or so a day of initial production and we would expect a vertical well to recognize over Bcf per vertical completion. So that kind of gives you a wide sideboard show, I know, but we really are anxious to get the information just as everybody else is on what we will say about the horizontal comparison.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Good morning.: With your multiple opportunities between East Texas and Appalachia, how do you think of the strategic nature of the US and Canadian Rockies assets? And whether at some point did you accounted for asset sale or whether it is just further CapEx that gets invested there alongside your other areas?
Dan Dinges: Brian, we have always looked at our diversity as opposed to a weakness a strength. We do have very good projects in the Rockies, very good projects in the Mid-Continent area. Canada, we have approached as simply a greenfield opportunity for us where it is just a very small percentage of our allocation. Certainly a valid question, because we do have not only existing project pool that is quite extensive in the East Texas, North Louisiana area, but also the Marcellus. Looking at how we allocate capital is going to be a very extensive project for us between now and October when we submit our budget to the Board. I would say since I have been with Cabot and looking at the number of opportunities and the number of good opportunities that we have had on our plate, to be able to make these choices is as large of opportunity pool as I have seen since I have been with Cabot. So, it is going to be a challenge, addressing your point about how much you reduce. Maybe, Canada opportunities, and you look at the overall balance of production reserves, of rate of return that the Rockies, Mid-Continent, East Texas, and the east will yield  is going to be our challenge. And I am confident that we are going to be able to put forth to the Cabot shareholder a program that is going to have a very good returns and returns on all of those metrics when we complete that process.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. I think you did make a decision just in the last, I guess few months to reduce some activity in the legacy Appalachia areas and I wondered if that was a conscious decision to prioritize the Rockies over a legacy Appalachia or if there were kind of people issues that played into that as well, as you shift capital and people into the Marcellus?
Dan Dinges: Yes. It is a little bit of both, Brian. With our staff size in the East and looking at all the moving parts that's attached to the Marcellus, trying to plough new ground not only in the field, but also through the regulatory process and being able to mature a program with some element of consistency and meeting expectations. It is taking a great deal of our manpower effort, and conscious effort to allocate away from the traditional into the Marcellus, to get a smooth flow operation, and be able to meet our, say 80 plus or minus wells expectation into 2009. We have not allocated personnel to any great extent in between regions at this time but we certainly have our position requisitions open in the east and in East Texas, to fill some voids that we have.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. And lastly, you indicated you expect the water permit in the Marcellus and Northeast PA to be approved in September. Could you add any additional color and if there is any, I guess risk if that happens either earlier or later?
Dan Dinges: I will let Mike answer some of that, Brian.
Mike Whalen: Brian, as we mentioned we have approached the water issue two ways. Number one is that we have figured out a short-term solution to access water for drilling and limited completion work through the Susquehanna Basin Commission and we have got permission to do that right now. And that kinds of a stop gap measure until we get our global permit, which will be coming in about the middle of September. And once we get that permit we have identified multiple sources of water, the permit will cover, and that permit will allow us to wrap up our drilling program, and also to get back on the completion schedules. And we think that once that is in place, the slowdown that the industry is seeing now, at least from Cabot standpoint, will be over and we will be able to get to the schedule that we had planned initially.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Mike Walen: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ellen Hannan with Weeden & Co.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Good morning.
Dan Dinges: Good morning, Ellen.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Just a couple of question and a follow-up here. Dan, there was a time when you all had kind of looked at a $2 S&D cost overall for Cabot? And your objective of what you felt comfortable with your program. Do you still think that is still realistic in light of where costs and things are going?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, I think it is realistic. I think you are going to see some impact on that cost this year in light of our extensive leasing effort in some of the areas that we have been playing have had some fairly stellar per acre costs associated with it. We are also as a pressure on that number, Ellen, seeing some inflationary pressures, particularly from tubulars that we will be dealing with and certainly be rolled into that number. But we do, though expect to -- we are not going to be at $2, but we expect to have a cost to defined number, I think that will be attractive in relation to the peer group.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: Great. And then just another, in terms of the Gulf Coast area and the acquisition that you are getting ready to close, do you have any expectations for what you think you can do in terms of production growth going into 2009, just taking into consideration again constraints on pushing down of equipment and that sort of thing?
Dan Dinges: We are optimistic about our production growth, particularly considering the number of horizontal initiatives that we have ongoing right now. The difficulty on the snapshot period that we are in is just getting our hands on solid information that we can analyze, we can look at, we can do testing analysis on initial flow rates, pressures, declines to be able to make a very good forecast into 2009. But we have seen certainly the industry and others make a robust reports on horizontal drilling and we frankly have a lot of optimism in what we are going to see but we don't have the information in hand yet. Again, frustrating for us Ellen, just like I am sure it is for you all, but know it is a little bit arm waiting right now. But we are spending money and we have rigs committed to this horizontal section and we are going to get the information between now and the end of year on a whole lot of new projects.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: That's terrific. Thanks. And I just had one other question maybe for Mike. Could you just give us an idea of what your expectations are on a horizontal Haynesville Lime well, maybe in contrast with maybe James Lime or the Haynesville Shale. What are you looking for in terms of -- what do you expect out of that horizontal test?
Mike Walen: Well, we're based on modeling, Ellen, on results of our vertical wells. And we certainly don't think that we will see any difference in multiples between vertical to horizontal as what we have talked about earlier in the James, as well as in some of these shale plays. So it will be a multiple three to four times what we see on vertical for the reserves. And right now the best we are ranging up to 1 to 1.5 Bcf of reserves on the vertical well in the Haynesville. I am thinking that on a horizontal lime shot, should see three or four times multiples.
Ellen Hannan - Weeden & Co.: That's it for me. Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen with Merrill Lynch.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Hi, good morning.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Eric.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Two question on any problems acquiring rigs? And also pipe getting tubulars, have you pre-purchased that?
Dan Dinges: As far as problems acquiring rigs, as you know, that there is a number of new bills going on out there. And so, depending on what area in particular you are talking about, but in the hot areas certainly we have rigs in place and there are a couple of areas in our key play areas that we are looking for additional rigs. In pipe we have, and we continue though to look forward to securing additional pipe for our 2009 program. I'll let Mike add a little color if he would like.
Mike Walen: Yeah, Eric. We do have our inventory for tubulars pretty much purchased and in inventory. And we have made a habit of whenever we run across tubulars, that we can acquire, we do buy that pipe and put it again in inventory. And as far as rigs go, we are actively looking for rigs right now to expand our program, especially in East Texas. And as we are able to, we will add-on additional capacity on that front.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Are you seeing pressure in day rates out there, is it significant or --?
Mike Walen: We are seeing increases pretty much across the board on our operating costs.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And the last one just on Marcellus to get some clarification. So, the global permit, does that cover sourcing and disposal? And what are some of your options for disposing of water? You have to treat it --
Mike Walen: Eric, that permit covers sourcing of water. We have already lined up disposal facilities that we are currently using that will be able to take care of our needs in the short to medium-term. That's an issue that industry is addressing as a group with the state agencies as we speak. And I don't anticipate any issues with that going forward. We are actually using a lot of our frac waters again. We are filtering those waters and using those in subsequent completions. So it is just something that we have to work through and to do our planning. The access of water in my mind was the big issue. I think we have that solved. The disposal, there is already facilities available and we are accessing those now.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: And Mike, I got just one on the Paradox, the well you are completing there, is that a shale? Is that one of the salt flank type well or is it similar to what Williams and Barrett are chasing out there?
Mike Walen: No, no, no. This well is based on a 3D controlled very large structural feature, not as large, but analogous to the (inaudible) field and we are testing the Leadville carbonates.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, it is a more conventional play. Okay, great. Thanks. I appreciate it.
Dan Dinges: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Coleman with UBS.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Good morning, folks.
Dan Dinges: Good morning.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Yeah, I had a question on your reserve booking philosophy. You still are thinking 300% reserve replacement or more is going to be possible with this increased capital budget?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we are actually thinking higher than that, Andrew.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Maybe you can give us a sense as to what level that might?
Dan Dinges: It cannot get anymore great than that but it certainly going to be north of 300%.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay, great. And then, is it also fair to think about philosophically that when you are drilling in some newer areas, as you are seeing in Northeast Pennsylvania and perhaps, some of your newer Haynesville tests and Bossier tests that you will be able to book more than one PUD for one proved location or are we still in such an early phase of proving up that the wells will deliver that, there will be a little constraint to get some well results?
Dan Dinges: I would say that traditional with our character that by year-end with the limited information that we are going to have, although we are going to have significantly more information than we have today, that we will not be real aggressive on PUD bookings until we see extended production tests out of some of these initiatives. So to answer your question more succinctly, we don't know how extensive PUD booking we can recognize, but I would say that whatever opportunities are out there that we are going to take the conservative approach initially.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay, great. Thanks. Just a clarification on the comment made earlier about the 1 to 1.5 Bcf you are for the vertical Haynesville and about three to four times that for a horizontal. If I heard that correctly that then implies about a 3 to 6 Bcf for horizontal which is a bit below what some competitors have put out there?
Dan Dinges: I am not talking about Haynesville Shale; we are talking about the Haynesville Limestone here.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay.
Dan Dinges: Okay. But the number is correct for the lime.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay, perfect. And then, lastly, just kind of a question looking at Canada again. Did you guys have anything, Hinton and that is located relative to some of the Canadian shale places that are emerging. Have you guys looked at any potential up there?
Dan Dinges: We have. In fact, our drilling at our Hinton area, we have recognized maybe some shallow shale opportunities. But, Mike do you want to comment on it?
Mike Walen: Our Hinton play is quite a bit south and east of the Montney Play in Northwest BC, and obviously, way south and east of the other shale play up in northeastern BC. But we are looking at projects in the Montney Play to exploit shale. Cabot does have a small position in that play. And of course, as Dan said, we have encountered excellent gas shows in our drilling in the Hinton area for the shallower shale. So we are going to be probably trying at least one completion in a shale later on this summer, and we will just see how that works out as we go forward.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. Thank you. And if I could squeeze one last question in. On the hedging front, it looks like you guys are about 70% hedged this year and about a little over half-hedged next year. Is there a bit of a macro call there for you guys or is it just kind of a better course of business?
Scott Schroeder: That is a normal course of business, Andrew. What we try to do is traditionally we layer in as we see strength in the market and we were doing that over the course of a longer period of time. Clearly, when we started 2008 there was a lot more weakness than any of us ever anticipated versus what has actually transpired thus far in 2008, so we even added to the 2008 position during the first quarter. The latest wedge that we added was to protect the acquisition, which we laid out in the June conference call related to the acquisition where we did some straight swaps. And right now we are kind of on the sidelines just evaluating if we want to layer anymore into 2009 and look out into 2010, but right now the hedging committee is taking the posture to just wait and see.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. Thank you for your time today guys.
Dan Dinges: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jack Aydin with KeyBanc Capital. 
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital: Hi, guys.
Dan Dinges: Good morning, Jack.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital: Couple of questions, Dan and Mike and Scott. Mike, could you update us on what is happening in the hurricane and more directly what is happening in the Huron Shale, what you are doing there? And second question to that, your competitors have been talking about [Debria] play more than ever. Can you give us a little bit more insight to what you are thinking?
Dan Hinges: Yeah, Jack, I will just make a quick comment on the hurricane and the Huron as far as just allocation of resources. We have slowed that to a crawl, simply because we are trying to get ahead of the curve on the Marcellus, with our resources that are available to us at this time and prior to us being able to add new people. As far as the opportunity in the Huron and Debria, I will turn it over to Mike.
Mike Walen: First of all Jack, we continued to drill vertical Huron wells just as a matter of business up there in West Virginia. We are also looking and hope to get it drilled later on this summer, early fall, a multiple leg horizontal well in the Huron, in the hurricane area. And this would be, lets say, kind of a like a pitchfork type design, where we can cross a lot of natural faulting and get the natural flows and attempt to make a natural completion rather than injecting all this nitrogen that we have in the past. So that is another new initiative that we are looking at. Also, we are very aware of Debria and the play in the Debria in the western part of West Virginia. And the guys in Charleston are right now planning a horizontal well in Debria one of our leases in the western West Virginia to see what kind of results we can get out of the Debria. This well is being drilled not too far away where some of our competitors have announced some good Debria success.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital: Okay. Dan, you mentioned that on the vertical wells that IP million Bcfe -- are we talking about a cost. What kind, you didn't give us the cost of the well. What are we talking about per well cost?
Dan Dinges: On a vertical well, Marcellus completed well costs were $1 million to $1.2 million.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital: Okay. Scott, corporate taxes going forward. What kind of rates should we use? 36, 37?
Scott Schroeder: The provision should stay right around 37, 38. The deferral, we deferred more in the second quarter. We still think we are going to be in the 75% to 85% range when you look at the full year. You might trend more to the higher end of that range, more towards the 85% based on what we are seeing right now, but we just didn't want to fundamentally change it till we got more confidence than that.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital: Dan, I mean you have got asset base in everything booked in the Marcellus in East Texas. Do you have the people really to push this program, accelerate the program, and if you don't, what are you guys doing about it to get this going because the competition is really strong and everybody moving fast?
Dan Dinges: Yes.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital: So what are you trying to do or what are you going to do to move this thing a little bit faster?
Dan Dinges: Of course Jack, our business has always been extremely competitive and these new plays, the level of intensity certainly seems to escalate. We are looking to place and hire some new people. We are doing some internal shuffle of our organization. That is not big and different, but certainly we are looking at how we can do more program planning and have specific people in charge of only those areas. For example, right now in the east, we have all of our people up there still looking not only at the Marcellus but their responsibilities are also in the traditional areas.  We have talked about in looking at and structuring the idea of having a more intense focus of people only allocated to the Marcellus. So the distraction would not occur in their traditional areas. The same I think is going to hold true in the east, Jack, as we get more information from these new initiatives and it looks like the ramp-up in the horizontal drilling occurs in East Texas, though we have some that are allocated exclusively there. We have some that are cross pollinated really from South Texas to East Texas but I would say that shift is going to occur with an exclusive focus where the majority of the capital are going and that is in East Texas. So, we are trying to do all of the above and I feel confident that we are going to be successful in finding some additional key people that we are going to also restructure a little bit internally in each of the regions to focus more intently on where we are going to be allocating the capital. I think we can compete with anybody out there, Jack.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Larry Busnardo with Tristone Capital.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Hi, good morning.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Larry
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: A little bit of clarification just on the drilling process in the Marcellus on the horizontal well. As you are drilling, you are using two rigs right now, smaller rig and then a larger rig. Is that how it is going to be going forward or is that process going to change as you get new rigs into the play?
Mike Walen: Larry, this is Mike. That process would change as we get more larger rigs in the play. Right now we have two rigs in the field capable of drilling horizontals. We have a third rig that is really, it kind of goes to its limit to go horizontal. So we are using that rig just as to drill the up-hole portion of these horizontal wells, set our intermediate and then come back with a larger rig. But I think as we get into '09, you are going to see that we are going to have larger rigs in place to drill the horizontal wells from the grassroots and we may be using the smaller rig to drill vertical wells in areas where we cannot drill a horizontal well.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay, great. And just to reconcile back on the capital budget. I guess the only increase in terms of the leasehold is that, only $55 million. Is the rest of that going towards drilling and, I guess infrastructure?
Dan Dinges: That's correct, Larry.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay. And then Scott, just one more just on the stock-based comp. How do you envision that going forward? I know that is going to be a function of share price, but just as it relates to non-execs?
Scott Schroeder: Non-execs; there was a meeting and discussion about it at the Board level on Thursday. It is being evaluated with the intent of putting potentially another plan in place with higher targets for the employees because of a lot of the personnel issues we are talking about here. The original intent was for retention and incentive. Clearly, nobody anticipated the level of stock movement across this entire industry in the first five months of that plan. Clearly, the plan originally had a 3.5 year term on it, and the fact that it reached payout in five months highlights just how aggressive the market was in this first part of the year. We are evaluating it and at some point in time, we will probably look to roll something out again for the employees. Again, the officers would not participate, but we are constrained on the employee side like everybody else.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay. All right, great. Thanks a lot.
Dan Dinges: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Joe Allman with JPMorgan.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Yeah, thanks again. In terms of the CapEx budget, that moved up from 560 to 750. Could you break it up by how much of that is because of the acquisition? And how much of that just roughly is, just because you are getting more aggressive in your drilling, and you drill more and acquiring more?
Scott Schroeder: As Larry just asked, it is the lease-back and the drilling, no money included in the 750 relates to the acquisition.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay.
Scott Schroeder: The acquisition will be a layer on top of that.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Got it, okay. And how much of that would you estimate?
Scott Schroeder: The acquisition?
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: No, how much additional CapEx? I guess, I am trying to figure like --
Scott Schroeder: The whole 750 versus 560, the 190 is all CapEx.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: I don't understand. I guess, like how much given that kind of the activity and the money that is being spent there now, like your 560 does not include spending between the end of August and December 31st on the acquired properties, right? So I am trying to figure out like how much of this incremental 190 is just getting more aggressive on your legacy properties and just buying more acreage? If you can break them, maybe you are not thinking that way but --
Scott Schroeder: Hold on a minute, Joe.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Sure.
Scott Schroeder: What the acquisition does is the 750 includes no activity related to the acquisition. The acquisition is $603 million. On top of that there is about a $50 million to $60 million level of capital that we are assuming during the course of the rest of the year for the four rigs running.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay. And that is not in the 750?
Scott Schroeder: That is not in the 750. The 750 number we updated was just based Cabot. The acquisition has not happened yet. We have not added anything in for that.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Understand. So, if we are modeling the acquisition, maybe a better number would be like 800 or 810 or something, is that?
Scott Schroeder: Yes.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay. For the full-year? Okay.
Scott Schroeder: For the activity related to the acquisition, yes.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Got you. Okay. All right, that's good. And then just back to an earlier issue. Like just constraints in Marcellus clearly, the global water permit is going to help and you have got kind of short to mid-term disposal solutions. Are there other constraints that you are worried about in the Marcellus? And any other constraints you are concerned about in the Bossier Shale, Haynesville play?
Mike Walen: Marcellus, no, not really. I think we have the rigs in place to do what we need to do. The frac crews are in place. We two groups in place. And in the Bossier, Haynesville same story, we are looking for additional rigs to ramp-up a little activity. But other than that, we are in good shape for tubulars permit as well as the people and rigs in the field.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Got you. And Mike, in terms of I asked the question about the Bossier intervals, but just qualitatively, like what is the difference between the Haynesville Lime and the Bossier Shale in terms of what you know with the productivity and the reserve recovery you can get? Can you just talk about that qualitatively?
Mike Walen: Well, from Cabot's point of view, we just don't have a lot of data yet from the Bossier Shale. We have some initial test data. None of these wells are yet hooked up and flowing, so we are not quite sure what they are going to do. They looked good on the outside here looking in, but we are going to have to have some time. Of course, we have some good history in the Haynesville Lime up at Minden from the vertical sense, and those wells look pretty strong. And now we are hoping that the horizontal lags will give us multiples of production and reserves, Joe. But I'd say in the shale, it is too early to say. And the limestone, the vertical sense looks good and we will wait and see what the horizontal well does.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Got you, okay. And then Mike, also, in terms of the costs you are seeing, you said across the board you are seeing costs increases. For what kind of level, I mean, what kind of percentage increase are you seeing versus the same time last year, whatever kind of starting point?
Mike Walen: We have seen increases in rig rates; in certain areas we have seen increases in tubulars. We have seen actually in frac services, in cementing services to menu services actually flat to a little bit of an increase. But there is definitely upward pressure on services in East Texas, and up in Appalachia based just on the level of activities that we are seeing.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay. And then I guess, Scott, maybe you guys made this clear but maybe I missed it. I think LOE was higher than what you guys had guided in the second quarter. Could you just comment on that what were the reasons for that?
Scott Schroeder: It was a lot of issues based on operations, lease maintenance, subsurface maintenance. There was additional work over, expense work over activity. There was treatment of some wells, primarily in the east, and then the biggest piece of the component was fuel cost. I don't think anybody anticipated when we did the original budget or even the original guidance off the original budget, where just fundamental gas prices go. Keep in mind we have about 100 plus employees driving trucks up and down the roads of West Virginia checking on our 3,000 wells. So, that was over a $1 million of incremental fuel costs above our budget.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Got you. Okay. All right, very helpful. Thanks, everybody.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Sarah Spencer with Quartz.
Sarah Spencer - Quartz: Hi. Just wanted to check something. In the Marcellus, when you said you were reusing water, Mike, does that mean you are recycling? And are there recycling facilities in the Marcellus yet? Also, where are the disposal wells up there? Where do they tend to be clustered?
Mike Walen: On the recycling, we are on limited basis, it is just not a big deal. Cabot is attempting to, or we are recovering water that we frac with, and we are filtering that ourselves before we put it back into the frac tanks. So there is no plant that we go to. On the disposal well, the nearest disposal well that we are using is just across the border in New York State, and that is a permitted disposal well and that is where we take our waters.
Sarah Spencer - Quartz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Larry Benedetto with Howard Weil.
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Larry.
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Dan, I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color on the horizontal well into the Lewis Shale?
Dan Dinges: Larry, this will be our first attempt. I will flip it on over to Mike also on that.
Mike Walen:  Larry, we are drilling a lot of wells in this field, vertical wells. It is an Almond field and as we drill down to it, we see very thick peers to be over pressured shale with a lot of big shows in it. And we thought that if we put a horizontal leg in the shale, we might find something interesting. And so that really is the background of it. We had tried a couple of vertical completions in it and we have got some gas out of it that we are actually selling, not at big rates, but we are thinking that a long lateral with a good frac could give us pretty good pop there.
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: And Mike, anticipated well cost?
Mike Walen: Larry, I just do not want to guess at that. I can get back with you.
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Okay. That is fine.
Mike Walen: All right.
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: And then, Dan, last year we had pretty wide differential in the Rockies. You re-allocated some capital away from the Rockies into other areas. We are starting to see the wider differential back with us now and it may stay with us for some time. Any thoughts on re-allocation of capital if it does turn out to be, we are in a much wider differential for another year, year and a half or so?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, if it does stay fairly wide in the net back to us, Larry, or not the range that we want them to be, you have kind of made a list as we have of the number of different opportunities that we are looking at in East Texas, and certainly trying to ramp the Marcellus. But, we certainly will have enough places to re-allocate capital in that, Larry, if I look at the biggest charge that I have between now and October and not just me but all of us have between now and October is to make that decision, make that call on the percentage of allocation of capital to each of our operating areas. Again, as I reference it as high class problem because we have a lot of opportunity but it is going to be a challenge to put together the best program with the best metric results. So, yes, we are looking at it actually succinctly and if it does blow out, we are obviously going to slowdown capital in that area.
Mike Walen: Larry?
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Yes.
Mike Walen: I looked at in my notes here and that Lewis horizontal is going to be, dry hole cost is going to float around a couple of million bucks and completed cost depends on how many fracs we put on it, maybe up around $3 million.
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Great. Thanks a lot.
Mike Walen: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time.
Dan Dinges: Okay, Chasity. I again appreciate everybody's support and beg a little bit for your patience as we work through our initiatives, all the things that we have mentioned in this teleconference. I think everybody has a sense that there could be significant opportunity in what we are doing, we certainly do. We do look forward to being able to report back at our next meeting with some clean information, if you will. And maybe a little bit more direction where our program is going to go. Again, appreciate all the support. And look at this downturn in the market as an opportunity. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's Cabot Oil & Gas second quarter 2008 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges - Chairman, President and CEO Mike Walen - COO Jeff Hutton - VP of Marketing Chuck Smyth - VP of Controller
Analysts: Joe Allman - JPMorgan Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital Omar Jama - Owl Creek Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Andrew Coleman - UBS 
Operator: Good morning, my name is Jodie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas first quarter 2008 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I'd now like to turn the conference over to Dan Dinges, Chairman, President and CEO. Please go ahead, sir. 
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Jodie, and good morning to all the participants. Thank you for joining us for this first quarter teleconference call. I have with me today Mike Walen, our COO, Scott Schroeder, CFO, Jeff Hutton, our VP of Marketing and Chuck Smyth, our VP Controller. As you all are aware the standard forward-looking statements including in the press releases will apply to my comments today. We issued two press releases last night regarding the quarterly financial results and an operational update with some recent operational successes, but more importantly, we gave a roadmap of Cabot's efforts this year, which I will expand on as we go through this call. Financially, the Company reported an excellent first quarter with $57 million of net income or $0.58 per share after removing the expense associated with stock compensation that is driven by FAS 123(R) evaluations. This level of net income is Cabot's highest first quarter results we've ever reported. Higher production levels and higher price contributed to the increase in performance year-over-year from the clean earnings perspective. Part of the stock compensation expense relates to a recently implemented employee based retention plan that pays a portion of base salary when pre-determined stock price targets are met. This year's stock move caused the first target of $50 per share to be met and later exceeded, resulting in a $4.3 million first quarter expense for this payment, and estimation of achievement of the next hurdle, which is $60 per share. I will note that this plan is for all Cabot employees except for officers. It has been a successful retention tool for us and certainly has motivated our staff. As the press release indicated the result at $50 per share has been over a $1 billion add to shareholder value since we implemented the plan. Moving to production, earlier in April the company increased its production expectations for 2008 from 8% to 12% guidance to a 10% to 13%. This increase reflects the increased capital program particularly in the Rocky Mountains area, the momentum that we saw in the quarter for February and March, which saw a 10% increase in the daily rate during the first quarter and certainly our drilling results across the program area. With April production averaging more than 255 million cubic foot equivalent per day, we do remain confident that our guidance and the detail we provided earlier in April last night is attainable. The Gulf Coast volumes remain the same in the second and third quarter, with an increase at year-end due to the ramped up drilling activity in East Texas. In the West, the Rocky Mountain values were increased due to the added capital we saw in the program there, while mid-continent, we left unchanged, and Canada was increased in the near and midterm on the strength of the early year Hinton success. The reduced East volumes reflect a short-term delay in production due to the timing of our West Virginia deepening program to the Marcellus, from our typical tight sands we see in our Pineville region. This has resulted in a two month delay in starting up that portion of the forecast stream. We are just starting to recomplete these wells to the shallower horizon. So far, we have about 20 wells waiting to be recompleted. Additionally, we are experiencing less than expected production associated with our 2007 Hinton Vertical Huron Shale program and in that area, we tried to close space some of these wells. It's an area we've been drilling in for 40-60-80 years. We were thinking we could find additional reserves and production; however, we did find more reserves but the production in that particular area did not meet our expectations. In response to the reduced production in that particular pilot program, we're moving 2008 capital allocated to 15 additional system wells to the Marcellus play in Southwest Virginia. And as I will discuss, we will continue to increase our East region focus on the Marcellus. Corporately on production for the production guidance for the fourth quarter, the upper end of our guidance has moved higher, and the lower end of our new guidance actually exceeds the previously expected high. This is due to the timing and maturing of many of our programs we have scheduled in the Marcellus Haynesville, James Lime, Cotton Valley Frontier, et cetera. Now, let me move to the operations update that's allowing us to increase our production guidance. In response to the continued robust gas market, Cabot is significantly expanding its drilling program from the original budgeted program. We now plan to drill approximately, excuse me, 470 wells this year. Today we have 18 rigs running, with nine in the East, four in the West, and five in the Gulf Coast. This level will expand to 21 in the next couple of weeks, with activity in East Texas, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia. We are working on a program to increase the total operating rig number to 25, and we will keep you informed on the progress of this acceleration plan. In the West, getting more regional, we earlier indicated at such time we were comfortable with the net back price in the Rockies for the gas that we would expand our program. With that comfort, we have begun to increase our drilling, and expect 46 additional wells to be drilled focusing on the Frontier formation on the Moxa Arch in Wyoming, and the Chester/Morrow in Oklahoma.
 : Moving to the Gulf Coast, the Gulf Coast program will increase by 18 wells, reflecting additional activity in the Minden area, with eight wells all going to be Haynesville test, and we will plan to bring in one additional rig to accelerate the activity there. Additionally, we're currently planning to drill about 40 wells in our County Line area, with three rigs working throughout the year. We will initiate new exploration activity in Minden, County Line and Trawick in East Texas. At Minden, the company plans to drill a horizontal test targeting the Haynesville section. At County Line, we will drill a vertical Haynesville test which will be the first in County Line to evaluate the Haynesville, and determine the potential of that zone under our large acreage position. At Trawick, we will begin to drill a horizontal James test, which we believe will be similar to that scene at County Line. Two of these new initiatives will take place in the third quarter with the third well and third initiative to be spud in October. We recently announced that we have completed already a well producing Haynesville gas in Trawick as part of our eight well earning program which program we plan to have completed by the end of August. At County Line, we will have the new Southeast County Line 12 inch pipeline extension that heads down to the South portion of our acreage finished this summer. Our late 2008 wells will be drilled along this new pipeline route, as we mentioned last night, three new completions in County Line were 14.1 million, 17.3 million, and 16.4 million per day, million cubic foot equivalent IPs and Mike just informed me this morning that the fourth well that we had mentioned as completing on last nights report is currently testing over 13 million cubic foot a day and still recovering frac water. Clearly, the Haynesville has a new initiative, the Haynesville has become another hot topic for the industry and with the plans I just laid out, we will be assessing the prospectivity of the Haynesville in our acreage over the next several months. Moving to the East, and our program is in transition in the East, more focused on the Marcellus; however, our Marcellus project continues to meet expectations. We will be expanding our activity in both the near and normal pressure Marcellus in West Virginia and the over-pressured Marcellus in Pennsylvania. We're leasing in eight prospect areas in the Marcellus with a significant lease hold position in Pennsylvania. In all, we have over 90 lease brokers currently working in the field. In West Virginia, we plan to drill a total of 77 vertical Marcellus test to compliment our traditional drilling on our legacy acreage in the play. We had drilled 16 of these wells thus far and completed 14, 11 have recently been turned in line at expected rates ranging up to a 30 day average of about a 0.5 million cubic foot per day. We will have up to five rigs drilling this program in 2008. Cabot has drilled one horizontal well and is in progress of completing this well. This is again down in Southern West Virginia. Also, we are permitting additional horizontal wells in this area. While we have completed these wells in the Marcellus, we have frac'd only that zone to gain data and gather additional information as we produce just a Marcellus for the time being. Consequently, that delayed and that information gathering has delayed traditional gas production, we have behind pipe. However, once we can quantify the Marcellus down here, we will begin to commingle these zones immediately once pressure is equalized. We have recently completed our second vertical Marcellus test in northern West Virginia, in an area which seems to be transitional between the near normal and the over pressured Marcellus. While we're still in the early stages of testing we're pleased with the initial results of this test so far. This well was drilled 26 miles from our first Marcellus well up in this area, which tested at 2.3 million cubic foot per day. Two additional Marcellus tests will be drilled this summer up in this area. Cabot has an additional 100,000 acres leased under this area not previously discussed. In Pennsylvania, Cabot continues to evaluate the Marcellus. We have drilled four vertical wells and are currently drilling our first horizontal test. This well spud in mid April and should reach total depth by approximately a week. The third vertical well has been frac'd and will be tested shortly in conjunction with a micro seismic survey, which we initiated yesterday. The fourth vertical well was drilled on the same pad as horizontal well we have currently drilling. It will be completed after the rig is moved off. The success we have seen to-date resulted in Cabot increasing its program in Pennsylvania by 50%. We plan to drill about 18 vertical wells and 12 horizontal Marcellus wells at Pennsylvania in 2008 utilizing up to three rigs, commencing this month. We are currently in the planning stages for our 2009 program, now estimated at 70 to 100 wells, with up to seven rigs working in Pennsylvania. The majority of these wells will be horizontal. We view the infrastructure issues, which we've talked about in Pennsylvania to be an important component for the industry in determining how quickly the Marcellus resources can be developed. Anticipating this, Cabot is far along in building a gathering system to get our first gas flowing as soon as possible from this project area. We have our pipeline permit and we've begun right away clearing to commence construction this month. At this time, we believe we'll be flowing gas to sales out of the Marcellus by late summer and on this first initiative in Pennsylvania. Along with this operational activity, as I have mentioned, we have an extensive leasing program ongoing in Pennsylvania. Because of our accelerated Marcellus effort, we have elected to redeploy both our human capital and our financial capital away from some of our traditional areas including the hurricane area, where we had originally 19 wells scheduled and now only five wells scheduled, and we're re-deploying this activity to be able to get our arms around the push to the Marcellus particularly in Pennsylvania. So, with our ongoing program in the new initiatives that we have scheduled, our current $560 million program is well within our current cash flow. We expect at this level to generate free cash. We do have the potential to see the program dollars increase into the future. And we will continue to update you in that regard. Jodie, with that update, I will be happy to answer any questions.
Operator:
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Dan Dinges: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Dan, I missed a comment you were talking about a two month delay in 20 wells waiting on completions I think or pipeline. I missed where you were talking about. Could you talk about that a little bit more, please?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, that was in our Southern West Virginia area where we have, that program is in the state of transition, if you will, on trying to make a decision and determination where the best places are going to be for us to deepen some of our scheduled traditional wells on our legacy acreage and where we're going to deepen those wells to look at the Marcellus. We've done that so far down there in Southern West Virginia, where we've deepened about 16 of those wells so far and we've recently turned in line about 11 of them and in doing so, we're wanting to evaluate the results of the Marcellus before we co-mingle. Plus there's a pressure differential between the shallow tight sands and the Marcellus, so we're going to complete those maybe a little bit longer than we normally would just to get a feel for the decline curve and the profile on the Marcellus, so that is delaying a little bit of the anticipated and scheduled traditional completions we had scheduled down in that particular area.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay, that's helpful, and for those West Virginia vertical wells, I think 14 completed and now 11 online. What have been the costs so far on average for those wells?
Dan Dinges: About the typical wells as we went into the program, the traditional wells without that Marcellus shale was about $400,000, $450,000 and that's a completed cost. What we're seeing to deepen these tails is about a $600,000 completed cost.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: And so it totaled shallow and deep total is $600,000?
Dan Dinges: Yes, Joe.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Gotcha, appreciate it. And then I know that during this first quarter you removed a constraint at, in your James Lime program. You got a pipeline on I think in February I think it was. I think 100 million a day capacity. Are there any other constraints that are preventing your production from ramping up even faster than it is? Could you talk about do you need to put anymore pipeline in there in the James Lime program, because it seems like those wells are pretty big wells.
Dan Dinges: Yeah. I'll either pass it to Mike or Jeff, our VP of Marketing to answer something if I forget or don't cover it well, but as you're aware, what our completion technique out there is to have a line run to the location once we TD the well, run pipe, and we start testing, because we're basically fracking and immediately flowing back and in essence going to sales. With that operation, the bottleneck is not the take away capacity which right now is 100 million a day. If there is a bottleneck on getting there it's a couple of things. One on the marketing side, we have to get the pipeline to locations so we won't let the frac fluid sit on the formation for any length of time whatsoever. So we're concentrating in the area that we can do that and it is a quite an effort to continue to lay these lines to each location ahead of the completion, but also importantly is the level of activity in the courthouse is staggering in both our county areas and what that does is create complications with being able to render title opinions and clearing titles to stay ahead of these rigs. With the Haynesville activity and a catalyst caused by Chesapeake's announcement, it has escalated the activity in the courthouse that our acreage sits in significantly, but with that being said, also this 12-inch line we're laying down to the South. We need to have that line down there also ready to go, pressure tested, and once we move our rig down to the South portion of our acreage, be able to lay the spurs off that main flow line to be able to clean up our completions.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Is that 100 million a day good enough for now or do you expect to expand that some time maybe in 09?
Dan Dinges: Well, I'll let either Mike or Jeff talk about the operations there.
Jeff Hutton: Currently the 100 million a day is more of a firm number that we have in the pipeline. The pipeline is actually capable of more capacity. We also have planned compression in the next six months to nine months and then again maybe in 18 months, so there's a couple of moving pieces out there depending on how the program works.
Joe Allman - JPMorgan: Okay, very helpful, thank you.
Dan Dinges:  Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Hi, good morning. Can you provide some additional color on the Pennsylvania gathering system, what production you're sizing it for, dealing with the pressure as you move it from the well and into larger trunk lines and then what are the key milestones to insure that your 2009 program can get to market?
Dan Dinges: Okay. Brian, up in our area, we drilled our initial well up there less than a mile from an interstate line. We have secured the agreement for a tap into that line. We have our permits to come off of that interstate line. What size is that? And that line is a 36-inch, and we have a 10-inch line that is coming off of that 36-inch that we permitted. As I mentioned clearing right away right now, we're heading North with that line into and up to where we have drilled our second vertical well, it was drilled about four miles north of our first well and we have some, let me just call them additional lines spurring off of that line to go to locations. That is what we're calling our first phase effort and that first phase effort we plan on having a lot of that completed by August 1. So our initial gas, we anticipate to go inline start flowing is August 1st. Now, for our 2009 program, we have designed an additional 56 miles of pipe. We are extending this system into our leasehold position up there, and we have efforts ongoing right now to get that infrastructure in place to address our 2009 program. And the capacity, I might mention also we have compression we've already acquired and we are addressing those type of infrastructure issues as we speak also.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Can you be more specific on what the volumes are that you think that gathering system will be prepared to take?
Dan Dinges: Well, initially, certainly 10-inch line is depended upon the pressures in compression and those type of things that affect, but 10 to 20 million a day initially is certainly a safe number.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And I guess to put the Marcellus into larger context, when you think about your drilling program combined with trying to get the infrastructure in place between what you're doing in West Virginia and what you're doing in Pennsylvania? What are your expectations for what that could add based on the number of wells you expect to drill and complete in 2009?
Dan Dinges: Brian, I'm going to ask for a little bit more time to give you color on that number, and it's simply because we're still gathering a great deal of information up there. As we mentioned we're encouraged with what we're seeing. We're not putting everything out in the particular area that we talked about in Pennsylvania. You're not seeing any information coming out in the area that we drilled our well. That was only the sixth well ever drilled in this particular area of Pennsylvania. Information we have is we still feel as privileged at least with the majority of companies that are operating out there. We're not talking about the details, but we're encouraged. We're expanding the program. We're reallocating our efforts, because this Marcellus is going to be an opportunity to accelerate anything we've seen in the East. And Brian, if you don't mind, let me take a moment and just expand. The program has seen us moving and it's kind of a dynamic decision process for us right now on where we can go, what information we can gather, where we're allocating people, how we're gathering rigs and looking at the necessary equipment to expand this program. The East is seeing as you might be aware, the East is seeing an expansion of its entire basin, something like it's never seen before. You've seen some things in some trend areas like the Trenton-Black River that had pressure environment that the East experienced, but from a geographic area, the Trenton-Black River is a very, very small footprint compared to what the Marcellus will bring. We have to look at now drilling wells instead of drilling on air, drilling with mud. If we need to we're looking at different tests and frac techniques, we're looking at having to bring in higher pressure frac equipment through the basin which they haven't seen before. We're looking at different levels of expertise that the regional employees not just Cabot, but all of the companies that have operated up there are seeing new technology we're evaluating now methodologies in frac techniques to stimulate this Marcellus. With all of this coordination going on, there's logistic issues that we're facing. We're facing also regulatory permitting educational process to areas of Pennsylvania which as I mentioned the six well drilled in the county that we're drilling in, the local permitting people are new to some of this. You're talking about not just a vertical well program but you're talking about a horizontal well program, which affects the permitting process. It affects how you put together the drilling units up there and the land owner issues on educating them as we go is a new process, so in looking at what we're doing in the Marcellus, looking at how Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation program in the East is changing up there is not going to be a quarter-to-quarter evaluation and looking at it as seeing us be able to just jump right in and know exactly how much the change is going to be. What we do know and what I think is safe to say right now is that our program is going to go up and to the right at some point in time and coordinating this effort is going to be an ongoing updating process, but it is a new entirely new process in this large, large basin area for all of the companies working up there. I think you can tell by the acreage cost up there at the level of excitement you're hearing from different companies that this is a great new opportunity and for a Company Cabot's size with our acreage position compared to the other companies up there from a opportunity to move the needle. We have an excellent, excellent position and a footprint up there that's going to make a difference in our future.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: I really appreciate that. I guess given the constraints that you highlighted, what is your level of confidence that you'll be able to get down and online 70 million -100 million or sorry, 70-100 Pennsylvania wells next year?
Dan Dinges: Well, we're confident at this stage to be able to do that, Brian. Another initiative that we have ongoing to give us additional confidence to be able to do this is that we have our own drilling rigs now that are capable that we've committed to that we're able to handle. We have secured equipment that will allow us to build locations. We have build with our own equipment and new location, at our first new location up there, we're certainly going to continue to rely on and depend on our normal vendors, but we are also to accelerate the program knowing we're going to have to push and to control our own destiny, we have to have our own people and own equipment out there also. So that is some of what we're doing to be able to mitigate the risk of program execution for 70 wells to 100 wells in 2009. Those were some of the steps we're taking.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Busnardo with Tristone Capital.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Hi, good morning. Just a question in regards to the Marcellus. Can you give us an update as to where your acreage position currently stands?
Dan Dinges: No, we're North of 100,000 acreage in Pennsylvania and that's as far as we're going to go with it right now, Larry. As I mentioned, we have eight in the Marcellus area that we're focused on. We have outside of our legacy area. We have 90 brokers in the field. We have some abstractors on top of that and we're continuing our leasing program.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: In terms of the wells that you've drilled today, have they all been concentrated in one area or how have they been, I guess distance apart and then where is the horizontal relative to where the vertical wells have been drilled?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, in Northern West Virginia, we've drilled a couple of Marcellus wells. Those two wells were 20 plus miles apart, and in Pennsylvania, all of those wells are several miles apart but within our acreage block, a large acreage block up there in this particular area. In fact, we have over a 100,000 acres in this particular acreage block in Pennsylvania and all four vertical wells in the current horizontal well is that's currently drilling is all on this 100,000 acre block within one area, and in fact the horizontal well is being drilled from the same pad as one of our vertical wells.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay. I guess shifting over to the Moxa Arch, I think you talked about some potential horizontal activity there this year. Has there been any, I guess plans on that or can you give us any update on that program?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, Larry, I'm going to let, Mike, kind of update us on that.
Mike Walen: Yeah, Larry, just two things that we're looking at doing. We mentioned the 40 acre down spacing program on the Moxa for the Frontier. Our engineering is demonstrating that it appears that the current 80 acre spacing is not effectively trading all of Frontier and we're going to try the 40 acres. If that works, that will really increase our drilling potential location on the Moxa. There's also an area in the Frontier in our acreage and on the northern Moxa that is obviously gas charged. We've drilled a number of vertical wells in the area. It's a thick Frontier section. The wells aren't as good as we would like to see, and we are starting the engineering work right now to test the feasibility of a horizontal well in the Frontier to see how it would work. If that horizontal effort is successful, it could set up very large block of Cabot acreage for potential development in the future. But that's a whole new initiative that we've just initiated within the last few months.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay, no plans to actually drill yet?
Mike Walen: Actually, I think that if we could get to the point from the engineering side that our guys feel confident in doing that and we can use one of our rigs on the Moxa, I think that we could maybe get one done, if we can get a permit later on this year.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital:  Okay. Just in regards to other activity in the Rockies, are you looking at any other shale opportunities within the Rockies, within your existing acreage position?
Dan Dinges: Yes.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Don't want to be more specific?
Dan Dinges: Larry, it would be too early.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: All right. And then just one last one. With all of the acceleration of the program, did I understand you correctly? There's no change to the budget at this point? It's just dollars being shifted around?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. We have our hands full with $560 million, as you've heard us kind of shuffling the deck a little bit and with our dynamic process in the Marcellus and us recently kind of getting the West going and getting the rigs moving in that direction and making sure we can secure all of the necessary support services to get that going. We're not talking about any additional capital at this time, but we certainly are as I mentioned would like to see us up to maybe 25 rigs, but we're going to do that in an orderly fashion.
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay, great. Thanks for the update.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Allman with J.P. Morgan.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Hi, again. On the Marcellus shale, I think in your prior operations update you talked about your first two vertical wells with IPs of 0.8 and 1 million cubic feet per day. Could you give us an update on how those wells are performing now?
Dan Dinges: Well, Joe, that is in that 100,000 acre block that I've talked about in Pennsylvania, where that one of those wells that I mentioned, that you just mentioned was about a mile from that interstate pipeline and the other was about four miles away from that particular well. Those are the two wells that you're referring to, and that is the area that we are going to hot tap into this 36 inch interstate line and lay up into our 100,000 acre block. The permitting process, we have now secured approval for that and we're cutting right away right now to lay up into this acreage block to start hooking up the wells that we're drilling now in this area. Neither of those wells have started production yet, because we're getting the pipeline hooked up.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Got you, very helpful. And then moving on to the Haynesville, I think in your update you indicated 11 vertical IPs ranging from 0.65 to 2.3 million a day. Those IP rates you gave, what are those? Are those 24 hour rates or tell us the timing of that, what are the results after the IP's? And I'm assuming those are all tied into a sales line.
Mike Walen: Yes. They are. The IP is your typical four point test that we file and flowing into the line right now is exactly what we're doing. And also, Joe, these wells are also commingled with the Cotton Valley, it's in the, up in the Minden area and they are additive to our reserves that we're finding in the Cotton Valley.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Go you. So Mike are these, so that rates are 0.65 to 2.3, but those are the Haynesville alone; is that right?
Mike Walen: That is the Haynesville alone, and as we said in the Press Release, at the incremental cost, about $400,000 to $600,000 to drill down and see the Haynesville and we're seeing reserves add up to 1.5 B's for that incremental section. So we feel very pleased that we're able to get our typical Cotton Valley, Travis Peak reserves in these wells plus we're finding a number of really attractive Haynesville targets.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Got you and so again, so the timing of the IP, Dan, what do you mean by a four point test?
Dan Dinges: Well, after we frac the well and clean it up, we have to run a test for the state and so we run those tests and get a rate that is based on different choke sizes and then that's the rate that we report.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Okay, so over what time period does that happen?
Dan Dinges: That just happens over a day or so. We just change choke sizes.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Got you. And so are you saying that these rates are pretty much the rates flowing to the sales line now are pretty much close to the IP rates?
Dan Dinges: Actually, on several of these wells, the rates have kept up a lot better than expected.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Got you. Okay, that's helpful and then at Trawick, what's the cost of that one well, two point something million a day well.
Dan Dinges: I'm sorry the cost of that well?
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: What's the cost of that one vertical well that came that IP did $2.9 million.
Dan Dinges: Of course in the Trawick, we are drilling through a lot of the depleted reservoirs of shallow so we have to drill a larger hole so we are setting more pipe in the hole before we get down to the Haynesville. Generally though speaking depending it depends on how many fracs that we put on these wells, $3 million to $3.4 million or $3.5 million.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Okay. That's great. 
Dan Dinges: Yeah, and Joe, we also in those well bores have Cotton Valley behind pipe that we haven't yet opened up.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Got you. And then Mike, what are you seeing these days, what's the current trend for drilling and completion costs? Some operators are seeing a leveling off of not just rig rates but other services too. A few folks have said that rates, costs have gone higher, some folks are saying costs are still declining.
Mike Walen: Well, some of the rigs that we have, we've had on contract so we've been able to, it's kind of a steady state on rigs. We've seen on the completion side, we have seen moderation in the stimulation side of the business and kind of stayed relatively flat overall. Steel costs are going up. Tubulars is an area that costs are going to rise.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then Dan, in terms of getting back to the Marcellus question, of all of the potential constraints you might have, what do you think would be the biggest drag for developing that program as quickly as you hope to?
Dan Dinges: Well, I think we have in our initial area up there, Joe, I think we have addressed the bottlenecks that we would see there. We think we're going to have the equipment. We're scheduling up to seven rigs in this particular area for our 2009 program. The infrastructure we're moving forward with there. The pressure testing equipment and stimulation equipment we're securing for an expanded program. If you move again from this area though, I think you could have as each companies programs ramp up, you could have some growing pains into new areas just because the amount of equipment and services available to continue to expand in a new areas, that could be a bottleneck down the road, but we feel very good about this initial area where we have a 100,000 acres.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Got you. And then lastly, on your current production, do you have any meaningful volumes that are being held back at this point, especially when I look at the County Line wells. Those are big wells, and are there any, I know you described how you're completing those wells, but is there meaningful volumes now being held back?
Dan Dinges: Well, I wouldn't say there's any meaningful volumes being held back right now. We're doing what we can to expedite and get product in line.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And could you describe the declines of those wells? Because those are coming on pretty big, and I imagine they're declining pretty fast too.
Dan Dinges: Well, yeah. It's not unlike every, well this is actually not like a tight sand but the decline curves are going to be somewhat similar but to give you two points, we've given you IP's and I'll give you a 30 day average and that 30 day average for our most recent wells, actually has been North of 6 million cubic foot a day for a 30 day average, so there's a couple of points to be able to fit your curve.
Joe Allman - J.P. Morgan: I appreciate it. Thanks for your help.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omar Jama with Owl Creek.
Omar Jama - Owl Creek: Hi, guys. Dan, you use the term dynamic somewhere along the line there and I was hoping you could just step back and give us your perspective on really the question, has there ever been a time where things were changing so quickly in the industry from your perspective? And then second, can you give us some perspective on what Cabot's philosophy is in allocating capital for exploration versus development? So really two questions, just your general perspective and also, what your thought process is going to be going forward on exploration versus development?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. As far as the dynamics in our industry, Omar, we just had our board meetings in the last couple of days and certainly had a lot of open discussion and looking at the level of activity in our industry, and every other month it seems like there is a new play concept or a new idea or new geographic area that has the opportunity to yield returns that are going to be competitive. The lease activity that is going on and the land grab, if you will, that we're seeing out there is basically unprecedented. We've had now with a five year strip price of $9.50 plus or minus and looking at what is, what we're able to do in that particular area to lock in some prices or what companies can do and the underpinning of the gas price, there is a lot of optimism out there. There's a lot of geographic areas that historically have not looked at as being able to yield returns that now can yield returns. Technology has certainly enhanced those areas and tight unconventional areas so in my career, I can't think of a time I've seen a more aggressive period where there is such a large land grab going on in a lot of different areas. I think it's safe to say that's kind of unprecedented and dynamic. In the East, as an example, the dynamics I referred to is a entirely new idea up there in what has historically been a low pressure operating environment where the equipment was not as beefed up. The fracing technology was not as sophisticated, because the need wasn't there. Land costs were not anything big as far as a percentage of your capital in each well, and it was an orderly process. The Marcellus and now looking at companies that are and have never been in Appalachia, moving up there and making a land grab and trying to get a foothold have really brought to the East a process that has not been experienced up there. The acreage costs are, can we support the acreage cost? Well, I hope so. But when you look at some of the acreage cost in the areas where, as I've mentioned the sixth well was drilled in a particular county and you're having acreage costs already reach $1500-$2000, what information is that being built on is, we have information but what information is being built on by others is I think somewhat speculative. Though I think from an academia standpoint and what the Marcellus potential is, there might be some reason. But it is, the East Appalachia area has never seen a change as rapidly as what the Marcellus is bringing to this large 500 square mile area, that's transitioning in the East. And how we allocate capital is in transition, because keep in mind, 40% of our capital, Cabot's capital was allocated and directed to the East. So you look at what we're doing up there right now and trying to transition and run as hard as we can to evaluate the Marcellus in all of the areas we have exposure an acreage and to see what we're going to be able to do on getting our arms around the Marcellus with people, with technology, with equipment, it is dynamic and we are going, and you're going to continue to see us kind of moving, some moving parts to our capital allocation up there. But we're trying to see with that capital allocation an area where we're going to continue to put the reserves on the books. Those reserves I think will come on the books still in the $2 cost to find level. I still anticipate we will organically replace over 300% of our production in 2008 and we're going to continue to grow at double-digit production rates. So, and I think our return for the dollar invested is going to continue to be enhanced, particularly with the returns we see that the Marcellus might yield over and above our traditional program.
Omar Jama - Owl Creek: Okay. So like specifically, you guys had started to develop the hurricane discovery and I'm curious. Do you literally take those people and move them over to a whole different area?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. That's in fact what we are doing right now because we're not, we'll drill five of the 19 wells that we had scheduled in Hurricane but instead of moving another rig in there, we had planned, we decided to move that rig on to the Marcellus activity and so we are pushing that activity right now to expedite Marcellus.
Omar Jama - Owl Creek: Okay, so really I mean you guys are still in the exploratory phase, it seems like. Rather than the development phase where we would look for rapid production growth.
Dan Dinges: We are still in a exportation stage of determining where we want to allocate the capital in the different areas of where we have Marcellus exposure plus the new areas we have. That's correct.
Omar Jama - Owl Creek: Okay, thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Aydin with KeyBanc Capital Markets
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, guys.
Dan Dinges: Hi, Jack.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: A couple of questions. First of all, this is maybe different type of question. Now, Mike, we've been hearing a lot about the thickness of shales doesn't matter. The sooner maybe it is better. Could you comment a little bit on what you think the nice way to look at it?
Mike Walen: Are you talking about the Marcellus shale, Jack?
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yeah, about the Marcellus shale, yeah, I am sorry.
Mike Walen: Well, there isn't a lot of data out there. People are talking a lot about what they're doing, but it stands to reason that the thicker the shale, maybe the better the return may be since you are exposing more of the well bore to a thick shale. Of course, if you go horizontal, I think that you should just get as some of the numbers that we've seen, you should see better returns. A thinner Marcellus, I think that we're not drilling really thick Marcellus in Southern West Virginia but we're certainly seeing some good results off of those Marcellus wells down there. I'm hopeful that going horizontal in those wells down there are going to give us even better rates than what we're seeing on the vertical standpoint.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Dan and then in your presentation, latest presentation you had a gross acres of 1.12 million acres in the East. If you break it down, a little bit more than just the gross, could you just, what percentage of that is a prospective for the Marcellus?
Dan Dinges: Jack, I would say 30% to 40% of that is prospectus for the Marcellus.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And again, the last time you had the presentation, you had six areas that you're leasing and everything and now did I hear you correct? Now you have eight areas?
Dan Dinges: Yes.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: So I assume the acreage in Pennsylvania gone higher or North of a 100,000?
Dan Dinges: The acreage in Pennsylvania is going to go higher Jack, and has gone a little bit higher. We're just, like I said, we have 90 brokers. In the field leasing, and if they aren't picking up leases, then we're going to talk to our East region and ask why.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. The final question, in the County Line, if those wells are coming at those IP rates and after 30 days still running about 5 million to 6 million a day, wouldn't you think production should come in a little higher than what we have seen?
Dan Dinges:  Well, what we've just now done recently, Jack, is to get our third well out there in the field, and we're, we would expect that our production will ramp up and our field plot, plotting the amount of production versus what number of wells with the decline curves that we're seeing out there has a steady increase in the production profile in County Line, so with three rigs just now kind of out there in the field, we would expect to see continued production growth in County Line and maybe at a more accelerated rate.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Again, I'm looking at your presentation, final question, I promise. You had the traditional wells about 158, Marcellus about 94, and you said now Huron about 19 and now it's five. Could you give us new numbers for those areas?
Dan Dinges:  New numbers in the Marcellus? 
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: No, just in the East region.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, just a minute, Jack. The well count, Jack in the East?
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I could call you on the outside line later. You don't have to worry about it.
Dan Dinges: It's going to be over 250 wells. Yeah.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Dan Dinges: Jack, I'm sorry. I will call you back later with that number.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks a lot.
Dan Dinges: Sorry, Jack, 250 wells. The traditional, Jack, or the Marcellus like 77 tails in the South, those are just going to be deepening the traditional wells in Southern West Virginia and those would also include a few wells, four wells up in that central part of West Virginia, and then of course the 30 wells in the Marcellus up in Pennsylvania. It's 30 wells, Jack.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Coleman with UBS.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Dan Dinges:  Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Coleman - UBS:  I had a couple quick generic questions here. When I think about the Haynesville versus Bossier, I know they're geologically similar, but how do you guys kind of see the difference kind of breaking out because what I heard was that the Bossier was kind of, or the Haynesville was a little more the same to the Louisiana side.
Dan Dinges: Well, the Bossier is a shale, a thick shale and it over lies what they call the Haynesville Limestone. I think when people say Haynesville, sometimes they're a little confused with what was reported by something called the Haynesville shale, but we are looking at the wells that we're drilling in is the Haynesville carbonate. The Haynesville Shale, we think is part of the Bossier Shale and it lies on top of the Haynesville. So, when Cabot talks about Haynesville, we're talking about the carbonate unit in the Minden area right now.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. And is that an analogous to like the Trenton line then?
Dan Dinges: Analogous to the Trenton line?
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Yeah. 
Dan Dinges: Discussing that in New York State?
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Yeah. Could it be?
Dan Dinges: Well I guess they're analogous in the sense they're both carbonate, and they are probably the primary porosity it in both zones are enhanced by natural fracuring to some degree, but other than that, they are not the same zone at all.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Fair enough. And what was the total acreage for all of your Marcellus given that the lower pressure and high pressure, I suppose its 30,0000 range?
Dan Dinges: It's actually North of 400,000.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. Sure I heard that right. Perfect, and then I've heard some other operators talking about this pressure ratings kind of ranging from 0.4 to 0.7 across the whole play fairway? So if I was just to think about the lower pressure stuff, are you trying to stick to each bound there, is that fair to look at your acreage that way? 
Dan Dinges: What we're seeing in West Virginia are rocks that are higher pressure than our traditional sandstone reservoirs down there, and I think if you could, use that lower range number would be an appropriate pressure gradient.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. And is it closer to I think 6.7 for the up high pressure stuff?
Dan Dinges: We really haven't talked too much about pressure gradients that we've seen in Pennsylvania.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. But all of those grade gradients because of the depth of the Marcellus would be sufficient to allow you to use the water frac?
Dan Dinges: That's right. We have used water fracs throughout the Marcellus development so far.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay, perfect. And then last question, what about exploration expense, was it down in the first quarter relative to the fourth quarter in that guidance is still maintains or will trends up a little bit later in the year?
Dan Dinges: That's right, and we have added on the exploration side the biggest increase is going to be that we have added additional capital for a 3D seismic survey over the County Line project right now.
Andrew Coleman - UBS: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Okay.
Operator: There are no further questions, sir, at this time.
Dan Dinges: Okay. I appreciate that, Jodie, and I appreciate everybodys interest in Cabot. We look forward to giving an update as we get new information. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-14 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges - Chairman, President and CEO Mike Walen - COO Scott Schroeder - CFO Jeff Hutton - VP of Marketing
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Nicholas Pope - JPMorgan Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch David Adams - Jefferies and Co. Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets Kevin Claire - Bear Stearns
Operator: Good morning. My name is Holly, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas fourth quarter 2007 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Dinges, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Holly. Good morning. I appreciate you joining us for Cabot's year end teleconference call. To answer any questions you might have, I have with me today several members of our management team; Mike Walen, Chief Operating Officer; Scott Schroeder, our CFO; Jeff Hutton, our VP of Marketing; and Chuck Smyth, our VP and Controller. Before we start, let me say that the statements regarding forward-looking information included in the press release is applied to my comments today. As you all are aware, Cabot issued two solid press releases last night, one with financial and statistical highlights for the year end, and the other reporting achievements in our operations, both illustrating the strength of our program and our ability to create value for the shareholder. I feel one of the company's bottom line value creation ability, is to add to its reserve base in an efficient manner. Therefore, I am pleased to start the discussion with our year end reserve numbers. Cabot increased its total crude reserves 14% over 2006 year end levels to a record 1.616 Tcfe of gas. We had over 280 Bcfe added through our organic program, plus 4 Bcfe acquired, and by all accounts that stacks up as a pretty good year. Our crude reserve breakdown at year end was 48% in the East, 30% in the West, 20% in Gulf Coast and 2% in Canada. As some of you know, Cabot has a deep inventory of opportunities, with an estimated 10,000 plus locations and over 5 Tcfe of unrisked resource potential, which, by the way, does not include any of the more sales potential that we have and that we are just scratching the surface of, which I will discuss later on. In regard to the efficiency of our operation, this last year, and going forward, our goal is to add new reserves for about $2 per Mcfe all-in and I am pleased to report we are able to achieve that goal with an all-in finding cost of $2.07 per Mcfe. I believe that all the reports for the year end, that Cabot's organic 334% reserve replacement at around $2 all-in finding costs, with no movement in our PUD percent, will stack up to be a very good year in relation to our peers. And I do look forward to being able to duplicate or improve all these numbers in 2008. In regard to production, as we indicated in the press release, our absolute production volumes were down slightly between comparable years, due to the nine months production, we realized in 2006 that we sold. However, I am also okay with our pro forma production growth of 14% increase over last year, making it the second consecutive year of pro forma double-digit production growth, following our portfolio rationalization. I will add that our production expectations were affected by Rockies weather, the nitrogen issues that we had in the East in our hurricane project, and some of the slow well connects we've experience in the East. With our organic focus clearly both our production and reserve growth though has been driven by 96% success rate in our 461 well 2007 drilling program. Financially, the company again reported solid net income of $161.9 million, or $1.67 per share after remove a small impairment in gain on sale activity. This level of net income was Cabot's second highest for any full year period, and was exceeded only by last year's effort. Related pricing from hedging, Cabot experienced a $0.99 per Mcf pickup for the year, and a $0.97 per barrel decline for oil as a result of the company's hedging position. Cabot's overall hedge position is highlighted on our website. And for 2008, we are now approximately 50% hedged with an average floor or swap price of $8.19 per Mcf. We have also initiated a position in 2009, with six colored contracts. Four of the six are in our West Region where we have higher basis, but we still are realizing a floor averaging $7.98 per Mcf. All of our 2009 hedges are at the specific sales point for gas, and does include our basis. These hedges were placed with an average NYMEX Mcf price of $9.60. Our expenses overall for the year were basically flat with only a 1% increase over last year. DD&A was up due to the cost related to capital investments in the last year inflationary period, offset, however, by lower exploration as we focused strategically on exploration and lower stock compensation. Now moving to the meat of our discussion, our operations. The main focus of our 2008 program will be in two areas, East Texas, and the east in Appalachia. Within these two areas, it encompasses a couple of the hardest places in the industry today. Cabot will allocate over 80% of our capital to these two areas. And, with many of your questions in the few months being directed to East Texas and Appalachia, I will spend most of our operations discussion in these areas. However, though we are heavily focused in these two areas, I do want mention that our Mid-Continent area does continue to add value through its successful development program in the Morrow and Chester, including the largest program in this area for several years with over 65 wells scheduled. Also with stabilizing prices in the Rockies, we are looking at expanding our drilling program on the Moxa Arch for 2008 program. Additionally, our Canadian effort will remain small at this time focused mainly in Hinton and Musreau. Now moving to East Texas, the County Line project has become a premier developmental project in the company. The consistent production growth, nice reserve additions and an excellent return on capital in the horizontal James Lime at County Line, has given our company the confidence to expand our effort here significantly for 2008. In 2207, we drilled and completed 10 horizontal James Lime wells with an average IP of about 10 million per day, and these wells have had an average 30-day production rate between 5 million and 6 million per day. Our reserve estimates range between 2 Bcf and 5 Bcf per well, with a completed well cost of approximately $3 million. In each case, we've drilled underbalanced up to a 6000-foot lateral, and completed using the external Packers Plus production casing with up to 8 stage slick water fracs. We believe the superior results we're experiencing are due to both drilling underbalanced and getting the frac fluid off the reservoir as quickly as possible. And we do this by having a sales line ready-to-go after the frac is completed, and we clean up through a test separator into sales. Results such the recently completed Timberstar Perry #2, which we announced last night, is flowing at 15.4 million per day, and is reflective of our completion technique. We reported earlier that our capacity was pipeline constraint, and that a new gathering system would be in place by February. We're pleased to say that the project is completed, and the wells recently began flowing into the new system. We laid 3 new lines, a 6-inch and 12-inch gathering system, and a new 20-inch line was also laid into the field. This upgrade is resulted in a 100 million a day of capacity available to Cabot depending on our compression and dehydration. Since our initial discovery in the field, and with the addition of this pipeline capacity, we've grown production to about 35 million to 40 million cubic foot per day, and anticipate this rate to increase considerably through 2008. Field now has been proven between our southernmost well, the Smith #1 and the northernmost well to-date, the Timberstar-Rusk #1, which is a distance of about 12 miles. Within this area, we have identified from 100 to 110 proven locations, with only five of those locations booked at PUD at yearend 2007. We still have another 70 to 100 potential or unproven locations on Cabot acreage in the northern part of our lease block. We will be drilling at least 32 wells in the field in 2008. We are currently drilling with two rigs, and we'll start up a third rig and bring that along, in March. With the pipeline in place, and shortly three rigs working, we have confidence that we will be able to execute this drilling program for 2008. With our success in County Line, we have moved to explore our James Lime knowledge base, and other areas of East Texas. We have at this time initiated two new areas, and we'll be reporting on these new areas as we put together our position, and as we drill our first well. Now let me move a little bit to the Northwest County Line to the Trawick field. A drilling venture with Trawick field has started with great success. If you recall, this is a 36,000 acre block which Cabot found in from a major oil company. We committed to an 8 well drilling program to earn rights to the underexploited Cotton Valley in Haynesville formations under the one Tcf Trawick field. We have drilled and completed our initial earning well in the Haynesville formation, which tested at about 2.4 million per day, plus we've recognized additional behind pipe in the Cotton Valley and Travis Peak. Our second earning well is currently drilling and will reach total depth in about three weeks. We plan to drill at least 12 wells during a staged earning process in 2008. This project exposes Cabot to not only years of drilling potential in the Cotton Valley in Haynesville but it also give us entrance to the shallower Travis Peak, James, and Petit formations. As press release highlighted last night, we also had success on the flank of this area, and so, our adjacent Cabot acreage, with six Travis Peak wells completed, with IPs ranging between 1 million and 4 million per day. We just started drilling in Trawick, but I believe that we will be reporting our updates for years to come as we develop this field. Now, let me move to the East. As you are aware Marcellus play developing in Appalachia is becoming one of the industry's more interesting places. This level of activity that we've seen in the competition really is unprecedented for the Appalachia basin. Traditional non-Appalachia players are kept in secure positions due to the fact that play seems to have all the elements to develop into a shale play that rivals several of the well-known shale plays, but maybe more geographically extensive. The shale, according to literature, is approximately 50 to 300 feet big. It extents over at least two states, with reported in place reserve potential in the 100s of Bcf. Currently, the rock chemistry, the rock mechanics, shale compensation, the reservoir pressure and thermal maturation suggest this play could indeed contain reserve numbers as quoted in academy and the government. Cabot has been active in the play for some time now. We've gathered many data points and we are actively leasing and now drilling. We have initiated six different project areas. We have acquired well over a 100,000 net acres in the play. In one of our project areas, we have drilled two vertical Marcellus wells, found a big Marcellus section, and completed each well at rates tested between 800 million to 1 million cubic foot per day. I think these rates surpassed some of those that I've heard reported in other vertical Marcellus wells. With these results, we have begun a full-scale development program in this area that we've recently commenced. It will be a 20-well program, with our first effort of the year that we will spud by month end. Also we will see our first horizontal well spud in March. Pipeline, permit applications and infrastructure support has begun on this project and we expect first production from this new area in the third quarter of this year. In addition to our new leasing, we've been actively evaluating currently sold in West Virginia, where we believe we've proven Marcellus. We've deepened a number of our wells to the Marcellus, and then we found through this effort that our slick water fracs are more effective stimulation than the nitrogen, and we continue to apply the slick water frac for our stimulation technique. Most recently, Cabot drilled three vertical wells on its acreage in West Virginia and used slick water fracs with encouraging test rates of the Marcellus between 1.2 million and 1.8 million per day, at pressures considerably higher than those encountered in our typical West Virginia reservoirs. We've also recently spud our initial horizontal Marcellus test in West Virginia. With the information gathered to-date, we've enough evidence now to suggest that the Marcellus is productive under at least 200,000 of our million acres in West Virginia. During 2008, we planned to drill most of our traditional vertical wells that we had scheduled in West Virginia down to the Marcellus and to continue to evaluate the extent of the Marcellus under existing acreage position. The only wild card from this point forward is going to be what we'll do if the horizontal wells that we've tentatively scheduled, and one that we are currently drilling, work as we expected. If we have the success there, we will begin revamping our program to drill horizontal instead of vertical wells not only in our initial new project area that we've discussed, but also in our legacy acreage position in West Virginia. The big positive for Cabot in West Virginia in regard to this new Marcellus initiative, is that we have a pipeline infrastructure in place capable moving the initial volumes we anticipate finding in this emerging play. Cabot along with several other companies, are very excited about the Marcellus potential. In another area I think you would miss if I didn't mention hurricane lower Herron horizontal effort in West Virginia. Nine wells are all that we've been able to drill to-date because of the slowdown in our infrastructure issues. We do have plan 19 wells for 2008. Production is still curtailed due to the nitrogen issue, but we have received notice that the tap which was out of our control are blending our nitrogen with our gas. and the loop we have in place has been approved and will be installed next Wednesday or Thursday. We expect to begin testing the full extent of these wells by month end. Though, we have been producing at curtail rates. We have basically had a six-month delay in moving forward with this project. So with that being said, I am pleased with our 2007 report card. I do expect 2008 production volumes to improve and I'm very excited about what we have on slate of our future opportunities and getting our 2008 program underway. I do thank you for the support, look forward to our periodic 2008 updates. And with that overview Holly I'll be happy to answer any questions the group might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Brian Singer, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good morning.
Dan Dinges: Hey, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk about the Marcellus drilling program a bit more on your legacy acreage and why this hadn't been tested previously and the characteristics you see relative to what you're seeing, I guess, to the Northeastern some of your newly acquired acreage?
Dan Dinges: I'll turn this over to Mike for a commentary also, Bryan. But we have been deepening some of our wells up there in the Marcellus and we have established some production out of the Marcellus. But some of the deepening that we have found to-date and what we were doing was supplying our typical nitrogen fracs in some of these areas. We are getting good data points on thickness of Marcellus and the hot shales and what not bar deepening. But the majority of what we've done so far, we've applied just our nitrogen fracs to the Marcellus section and then we come up the hole and then applied our nitrogen fracs to the other zones typical of the Appalachia area. Most recently though we have made the effort in these three new wells we have drilled, we decided to change our technique and we applied water fracs to the wells and what we have found is that the water fracs did a significantly better job stimulating the Marcellus. And we are able to get the water back off the Marcellus formation. So that's the big change that we have seen now with our effort in the Marcellus. And I'll let Mike talk about the general characteristics of the Marcellus up there in Appalachia.
Mike Walen: Well certainly, Brian it seems like the Shale that we are finding is very extensive. It certainly has the rock chemistry and mechanical attributes that you would see in some of the more successful shale plays in the U.S. I think one of the critical factors is that I think a lot of folks have found and I think that we discovered this through our completions in the deepening was that the Marcellus is under a different, a higher pressure regime than our typical shallow, sandstone and shale reservoirs are in the basin. And that makes a difference in these completions and obviously we never used water on our fracs something here on shale because we can't get the water back. It appears that here in this Marcellus and West Virginia that these wells will clean up nicely and flow back that load.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. What were your well costs on the deepening wells?
Mike Walen: It depends on how well where we were. If you were drilling some of the deepening wells in Northwest part of West Virginia, it was really a minimal amount of money. These wells then we drilled on our legacy Creek more in the central part of West Virginia would be in the order of dry whole cost of anywhere from $350,000 to $40,000.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Mike Walen: And that would be for vertical well Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Right. You mentioned 200,000 of your million acres you think are going to be productive. Have you classified the rest as unproductive or it just hasn't yet been tested or determined?
Dan Dinges: We would still anticipate being able to prove additional Marcellus under some of our acreage. We know it's not going to be under our million acres, but we do think it's going to be a number greater than 200,000 acres.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great. Jumping to the James Line play, you talked about your proved and unproven locations there. But I think you mentioned you've only booked a few of what you call proved locations as PUD. Could you talk about how you define proven and unproven locations under the visibility there?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, and we had that conversation after we put out the release. But basically we've drilled throughout the area where we've drilled the core of our wells that drilled in the central part of our acreage position. But we've stepped out to the north with the Rusk well. We also have a well way south with the Smith well and between those two wells, which is where we've drilled the core of our drilling has taken place is 12 miles between those two wells, the well to the north and the well to the south. And so we think geologically, we've seen consistency all the way throughout our acreage position in that 12-mile extent. So what I am saying basically is I feel real good about the geology in that 12-mile area. I feel real good about what we've been able to approve and around the core drilling that we have, we only booked five PUDs in our year-end booking. And when I refer then to the 70 to 100 unproven or unproven locations, those are on our acreage that is north of the Rusk well, our northern amongst well, which we still have a sizable acreage position. So that's kind of how I differentiated proved, unproved, if you will, probably bad nomenclature.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great, that's helpful. Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Yeah. You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicholas Pope, JPMorgan.
Mike Walen: Good morning.
Nicholas Pope - JPMorgan: Good morning. I was hoping I could just see what your thoughts on what you all are seeing directionally with drilling costs and service costs just in your different basins. I mean just how you see things moving over the past six to seven months something like that?
Mike Walen: Okay. I'd say, back east, we are seeing some significant inflation pressures with all the activity that is now going on. Rigs are going to get tighter. I think there is a little bit of a low ride now because of the wintertime, but I think that the rigs are going to get tighter and rigs are going to go up. I think that as if Marcellus play developed across Pennsylvania and West Virginia, you are going to see the high pressure pumping equipment which are going to be necessary to frac these wells to become into the basin. But again with the competition for services, I anticipate the rates for those services to go up too. In east Texas regime, I think that we are seeing kind of flat median cost for rigs. In some cases, rig rates are actually going down. And then also there is a lot more equipment being brought on for the stimulations. The lot of mom-and-pop companies are smaller, frac companies coming into the business that are giving I think some at least moderation in any price increases. On the tubular side for a while we were seeing some relatively significant reductions in tubular costs, but I noted just in the last week or two that the field plants are starting to raise rates now for tubular goods. So all in all I think that in some areas we may see a flattening of cost inflation and other areas may be a significant cost inflation.
Nicholas Pope - JPMorgan: Okay. And I guess another note, could you break out a little with the County Line wells, I know you said completed well cost of $3 million. What are the percentages of drilling versus completion? And also kind of a similar thought process and what you are seeing in the Marcellus shale and some of these first wells completion versus drilling costs?
Mike Walen: In the County Line for a typical horizontal well, our dry hole cost will run between $2 to $2.2 million something like that. And then depending on how many fracs we have in the well bore may be completion costs from $3 to $3.2 million. But our cost on these wells have been hanging in right around $3 million for all these wells that we drilled so far. And we feel confident that we will able to do maintain that cost structure.
Nicholas Pope - JPMorgan: All right. That's all I have. Thank you.
Mike Walen: Thanks, Nicholas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen, Merrill Lynch.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
Mike Walen: Good morning. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Just a follow-up on Nicholas' question on completion costs moving back to Marcellus. I think you said in Central West Virginia, there is incremental 200,000 to 400,000 to drill down to the Marcellus. How about the completion there?
Mike Walen: Well, in our vertical well, like one of our and we haven't drilled many of these in this new initiative area that we've done in West Virginia, but it looks like on a vertical sense we can get the well drill completed for anywhere from $500,000 to $800,000.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Dan Dinges: That's a new well. That started deepening.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, new well. Okay. Then in terms of the pressure regime you have seen between West Virginia and I am assuming the other area is in Pennsylvania. Are they similar, I mean my sense was that there were lower pressures in West Virginia, but those were pretty big flow rates, I mean in-line with what you had in the other area. Can you comment on that well, Mike?
Mike Walen: Yeah. There seem to be pods, if you will use that term of Marcellus that seem to be over pressured and Cabot is involved in some of those pods and then in West Virginia, we are seeing probably the same type of phenomena where areas where it seems like we are seeing higher pressure and then certainly in southern West Virginia the rocks that we are seeing now our normal pressure if not a little bit above normal pressure.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, thanks.
Mike Walen: Because of the depth involved in these wells, we are seeing considerably higher pressures than we would anticipate in our shower shale and tight sand plays.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: These are about 5000 feet or so, is that?
Mike Walen: That would be a minimum.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then couple more, one on Trawick, the well that you drilled there at Haynesville, do you have the cost to drill and complete that? And then what's the upside potentially from the Cotton Valley and I think it was Travis Peak. Can you commingle all those in one well bore?
Mike Walen: Well, as we said in the press release, we're in the process working with our partner and the state to get approval to co-mingle the Haynesville with the Cotton Valley. We've done that in the Mainland area and we anticipate that will be done in a relatively short order. As far as drilling cost goes, a typical Cotton Valley well which we've modeled here if we drill it outside of the depleted units like in the Petit in the main field, we're looking at $2 million to $2.2 million are going complete a Cotton Valley well. If you go down to the Haynesville and that environment, you are going to add another $500,000 to $700,000. Now as we drill in the middle of the field, we'll be drilling through some depleted reservoirs. We'll have to be setting here some intermediate strings to put those reservoirs behind and of course that will raise our cost up $700,000 to $800,000. And then of course it all depends on how many fracs that you put on this wells, but if you spend a $100,000 to $150,000 per frac and you put 3 to 4, 5 fracs on the wells, then all of a suddenly the cost start to increase.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. The last question was on Moxa Arch and so in that program up again any color on that, I mean I don't know what your current program is, how many rigs you have there now, how many might you add given the pricing in the Rockies? And then I guess stats on, is that already reflected in guidance or not?
Scott Schroeder: Eric, we only budgeted seven wells in our initial budget. However, you noticed the difference in the basis up there has improved considerably and Mike has instructed I guess to again ramping that program up a little bit and to move it up in the queue and we have that effort ongoing right now.
Mike Walen: And Eric that is not included in the guidance.
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks on a great results operation. Thanks again.
Mike Walen: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Adams, Jefferies and Co.
David Adams - Jefferies and Co.: Hi, guys.
Dan Dinges: Hi, David, how are you?
David Adams - Jefferies and Co.: Good. A couple of more questions on the Marcellus well costs for their existing acreage. So I understand to drilling too deep in a well and including completion cost, it's $350,000 to $400,000 and then for a new well to drilling completed, it's 500 to 800, is that how I understand it?
Mike Walen: Yeah. That would be actually if you went in some of our -- if we had an older Herron test that we would keep deep on that, you can probably deep it into the Marcellus for less and complete it for less than $250,000. If you are drilling down from the wear, let say or from the big line then you're going to be looking at that larger number and we feel pretty confident by drilling new well, you could drill and complete for that $500,000 to $800,000 depending on that where you are in the state.
David Adams - Jefferies and Co.: Okay. And can you kind of give us the sense of inventory of the number of wells that you could just deep in versus new wells on your acreage position?
Mike Walen: Well that would be a question of economics, obviously if the current well is making good economic gas rate, production rates, we would not be probably willing to just shut that production off and then deepen. But I think one thing we are looking at David is the fact that we've already got the location pads already in place in all of these wells. We can certainly go in and twin each one of those wells down to the Marcellus. We think the economics would obviously support that and by doing that, that would save a lot of money on road and location construction, pipeline construction, surface facilities, and I think that well might be one route that we could go down.
David Adams - Jefferies and Co.: Alight, absolutely. And what are your expectations for a horizontal test cost?
Mike Walen: Well, as Dan said, we spudded our first horizontal well in this area. We are going to handle that well as we speak with our experience in hurricane. We think that we are going to be able to do exactly that same type of well board and hopefully we'll be able to get cost down to about that $1 million a well for a horizontal drilling complete, that would be our goal.
David Adams - Jefferies and Co.: Okay.
Dan Dinges: And certainly, we would be seeing multiples on our production rate and the EUR is going to be still a number that's a best guess at this stage.
David Adams - Jefferies and Co.: Great, okay. And economic looks unbelievable. Back to Trawick, is there anything you saw on the well logs that would be easy to believe that the Cotton Valley is not going to work out?
Mike Walen: Not really, we have an awful lot experience looking at Cotton Valley through our Minden program, this stuff is just a little bit further south of there, the logs has the same characteristics, multiple stack sands, 10, 20,30 foot thick. Not real porous, 8% to 10% porosity. It does not look to be any different than the Cotton Valley and we think that we are up and top of the hill here. We are going to have really good success complete in Cotton Valley as well as Travis Peak.
David Adams - Jefferies and Co.: Okay. And then one other Marcellus question, back to your acres in St. Louisiana. Are well costs similar there as well for the deeper in one area versus the other?
Mike Walen: I would say that they are within range of each other. Obviously, it depends on the depth that they are drilling and how long any horizontal legs might be and how may fracs that you might on the well.
David Adams - Jefferies and Co.: Right. Okay. Great, guys. This is exciting. Thank you.
Mike Walen: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ray Deacon, BMO Capital Markets.
Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, Mike, I had a question about the 20 wells you are going to be drill in the Marcellus, is the bulk of that going to be in kind of your legacy area or will that be split between northern and central West Virginia? And you talked about basins or the shale being between 15 and 300 feet thick. I was wondering if it, does it appear that the thickness and the quality of the wells are co-related or is there some other factor that influences it?
Dan Dinges: Yes, Ray, this is Dan. I will take the first part of that and latter over to Mike on the thickness and what not. But our 20 well program is on a new list initiative in Pennsylvania.
Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Dan Dinges: That we have put together. So that is a brand new area for us and that's why we've mentioned laying the infrastructure in there and what are estimated time of first productions going to be, but we're as we speak going to be. We drilled two wells in there and we're moving forward on the third well, with the fourth well in this little project area going to be horizontal. I'll let Mike address the thicknesses.
Mike Walen:  Yeah, that thickness references really comes from the research we've done in the literature. We haven't talked about how thick our wells are, but if you look in some of the stuff thats published both by government agencies and the universities, you can readily see the Marcellus has a strong trend through the two stages and that the thickness, actually feathers out to the West. We just use that kind of 50 foot cutoff and we're up to the 300 foot that we saw on this published maps.
Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, good. And I guess just one more on the -- I'm not sure I fully understood your comment from the paradoxes, do you think you may take a partner in some of the deeper wells so there maybe some capital added later this year, or I guess what's the plan over the next couple of quarters?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. Paradox were not able to drill yet and won't be able to move a rig in the paradox until about May or June. But in the Moxa is where were taking about ramping up our program, we've that 80 acre down space project going on in the Moxa and we're not talking about taking partners on a ramp up program there. And though were adding some wells there, we are not changing our guidance at this time on our capital program.
Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, great. And just maybe, I know you talked about having some shut in production in the fourth quarter due to lower prices in October. How much production would you expect to gain back in the first quarter as the results are turning some of those volumes back online?
Dan Dinges: Well, our rate has been affected because of the superior weather still that that's a Rocky Mountain is seeing. We've had a number of areas that a well or area, wells will go down that we -- there is so much snow and what not on a road until we can get cash in there, plow the road, we can't get our guys to the wells or to the facilities to get back on. So we are still being affected by weather up there right now. But on a snapshot rate of where we are, like yesterday, we were at like 252 million day but there is all kinds of movement going on because of the weather.
Ray Deacon - BMO Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks very much.
Dan Dinges: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Aydin, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, Dan, hi everybody.
Dan Dinges: Hi Jack, how are you?
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good. Dan, you mentioned that you booked only 5 parts from the County Line, could you give me indication what the total was? That's a loaded question by the way.
Dan Dinges: What the total..?
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: You booked for those five PUDs?
Dan Dinges: In reserves, what?
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yes.
Dan Dinges: What we booked per PUD?
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yes.
Dan Dinges: We assigned right at or may be slightly over 3 Bcf a PUD.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So, with the 30-day average of those 12 wells running at about 5.7 million a day and using 2 to 5, I assume that low end is too conservative, isn't it Mike?
Mike Walen : Jack, we like to deliver on what we say, so we are not going to jump out there and say big numbers.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Next question on Marcellus, Dan what will make you -- at what point you might decide, you have enough of piloting and instead of drilling vertical well you go full-fledged horizontal?
Dan Dinges: Jack, I would think that's going to be determined fairly quickly. Our first horizontal well and Marcellus is being drilled as we speak. That particular well is in West Virginia. We do have plans to drill the next well in our new area in Pennsylvania a horizontal. We are doing things behind the scenes right now to amend our program from a predominant vertical to a horizontal effort. And you have to remember that up in the East things are little bit different from the standpoint, there has not been a whole lot of horizontal drilling in the East. So, putting together the units, getting ahead of a horizontal drilling program, doing all the things that you need to do from a front-end standpoint or permitting and applications in all is a little bit of a new venture in the East. And however with that being said, we have started their process. So I can't sit comfortably and say how quick we can move with the horizontal program until I get a feel on how we can put all these things on the front end together and we are doing that right now.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Do you have the people to carry the program in Appalachia the way you want or you are constraint by the people availability?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, that's a good question, Jack. We certainly have seen, our people have received phone calls, they have been asked to join other companies out there that are trying to get in to their area and get their staffs put together. We feel fortunate that we have not lost, only but a couple of employees. We have our Board meeting coming up on the 19th and 20th which will address the compensation issues. We just implemented a supplemental employee incentive program that is available now to all employees that are not officers of the company and that program will allow the group with success that's aligned with the shareholder if we achieve a $50 stock price, they will get a bonus recognition and that has to be for 20 trading days over a period of time. They will get recognition for with an additional 20% of their salary and if we achieve a $60 stock price within a prescribed period of time under this plan, the employees have the opportunity to receive a bonus of 50%, up to a 100% of their salary. And what that means is, folks are focused, they know what it takes because I'll go around and explain them what it's going to take to ramp up the Cabot's value and share value to the shareholder. They will understand it. And money certainly focuses a lot of people and I don't envision that this program is going to be any exception to that. We're excited about it and the feedback that I've got has been very good. So we do plan on hiring some additional people. I think this program will allow us to not only retain, but I think it will allow us now to attract some good people to implement this program. With that being said, a little big long-winded Jack, but with that being said the program we've in front of us that we've designed for the East which is the largest program that we never tried to tackle. I think we can accomplish with our existing staff if we do amend our program and we decide that maybe we need to allocate our additional capital or increase our capital program and it goes to the East. I think we can ramp up a little bit with our existing staff, but I think we'll also need some key employee hours to accomplish that.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And the hurricane project, did you tap into their pipeline already?
Mike Walen: No, it will be done Wednesday or Thursday, that has been kind of like watching paint dry.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. So how much did those cost us during the fourth quarter lack of that production, Mike do you have an idea?
Mike Walen: That's a tough question. So I don't now how the well is going to behave. We had forecasted that we get 1 million to 2 million a day production out of those wells just from those first few wells. And of course, we didn't see that. So it had a pretty material impact. And then of course, Jack, we also had some -- we will have slow and give some of our pipeline late to the wells and we have a number of wells that need to be hooked up out in this traditional area.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Dan Dinges: And might add we did not continue drilling in hurricane because of this nitrogen issue. So that's slowed us down a little bit too.
Jack Aydin - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks a lot.
Dan Dinges: Okay, Jack. Thanks.
Operator: You have a follow-up from the line of Nicholas Pope, JPMorgan..
Nicholas Pope - JPMorgan: Hello again. I was hoping if you can just briefly hit on, I guess you mentioned earlier the infrastructure that is going to be needed in the Marcellus shale, some of the midstream items, gathering lines, processing plants. Could you discuss where we are now and where we all think we need to go to really meet capacity that's coming online?
Dan Dinges: Well, we have and I will turn this over of to Jeff, our VP of Marketing and he can go into the details, but we are fairly close to a larger interstate land and what our application and all and expansion process is and Bob's tapping into that and expanding up into our existing lease hold division. I'll let Jeff kind of fill in some of the details.
Jeff Hutton: Yes. Our new play, it's more of a matter laying the basic trunk lines and the flow lines to new well locations. We do have a major interstate pipeline running through our lease hold that we have access to which has from a physical standpoint plenty of capacity and what's for January, we have existing infrastructure, it's just a matter of adding compression where we see leaks and also laying the physical flow lines to new wells. Typically this gas is pipeline quality gas. It does not require a processing per se. It will require some hydrocarbon dewpoint control and water control. But other than that there is no restrictions on that and need of having to build the processing plant.
Nicholas Pope - JPMorgan: That's all I had. Thanks, Jeff.
Jeff Hutton: Right, thanks, Nicholas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Kevin Claire], Bear Stearns.
Kevin Claire - Bear Stearns: Good morning. I've got just a couple of quick ones and you basically were in a kind of hit on the infrastructure question that I was going to ask. But are there any right of way used with respect to the infrastructure and the Marcellus referred other companies say that that could be problematic? And then second is any of your Marcellus acreage, does that need to be held by production?
Dan Dinges: Well, first off, the right way the question is, it'll probably depend on when you heard it from other, probably depend on how close they are to communities and how densely populated it might be or if they have, their interconnect has to go through a town or something like that. But we're not seeing in the area that we have right now concerned with right of way issues.
Kevin Claire - Bear Stearns: Okay.
Dan Dinges: And the follow-up question.
Kevin Claire - Bear Stearns: On your Marcellus acreage, does any of that need to be held by production?
Dan Dinges: Well, we have leased in the new areas, we have multi-year lease terms. So all of that will have to be drilled and developed pursuing to the lease terms. But we have years to be able to that. On our existing Legacy acres over million acres, all of that is HBP.
Kevin Claire - Bear Stearns: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Dan Dinges: Great, Holly, I appreciate everybody's interest. Certainly, you can see by the questioning as we have been receiving in the last few months directed towards the East Texas and the Marcellas. Our focus program for 2008 is in those areas. We are looking at what we might be able to in expanding our programs in each of these areas, and certainly look forward to reporting back to up at the end of next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's Cabot Oil & Gas conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Dan Dinges - Chairman of theBoard, President and CEO Scott Schroeder - VP and CFO
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns Sunil Gajwani - Catapult Jack Aydin - Keybanc Corri Garcia - Raymond James Michael Schmitz - Banc of America Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil Richard Tullis - CapitalOneSouthcoast 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Crystal and I will beyour conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyoneto the Cabot Oil & Gas Third Quarter 2007 Conference Call. All lines havebeen placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers'remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Dinges, you maybegin your conference.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Crystal. I appreciate everybody joining ustoday for the third quarter teleconference. I have Mike Walen, our COO; ScottSchroeder, our CFO; Chuck Smyth, our VP-Controller with me today. Before we start, let me say thatthe statement regarding forward-looking information included in the pressrelease prior to my comments today. As you saw last night we issued two pressreleases, both illustrating our continuing success, one was the financialhighlights for the quarter and the other reporting achievements in ouroperations activity. Financially, the company againreported solid net income of $38.4 million or $0.40 per share after removing asmall impairment for our North Louisianafield. This level of net income was Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.'s second highestfor any third quarter reported, only exceeded by last year's record effort. Though the macro environment fornatural gas prices was somewhat weak for the quarter, Cabot did experience flatrealized natural gas prices versus last year and that was on the strength ofour hedge position for 2007. Relating to pricing, some of thedetails, Cabot experienced a $0.40 per MCF pick up for the quarter from theCompany's hedge position. This makes the year-to-date pricing pick up $0.99 perMcf. For the quarter oil price realizations fell within our colored range of$60 to $80 per barrel and they were essentially flat with last year. Cabot's overall hedge position ishighlighted, on our website as you are aware for both 2007 and 2008. You willnote, as it relates to 2008, if you looked at it recently, we have added, tothe position and we have done that when the NYMEX price for 2008 has been aboveof $8 per Mmbtu. Our focus has been on the Rocky Mountains, were the recent basis blowouts havecreated extremely low cash prices. Remember our hedges at the sales indexpoints, which includes the basis. Since our reported natural gasprices are in Mcf and we have made a change to our website and we will be convertingthis metric of our 2008 hedge disclosures on our website, better reflect actualexperience and that is converting the Mmbtu used to Mcf. However, for the restof 2007 we will show both the Mmbtu and Mcf values. Production, as we anticipated,actually volumes were down between the third quarters and that was a result oflast year's asset sales. What are we pleased about, is our pro forma productiongrowth of approximately 15% increased over the last years third quarter and a17% increase for the year-over-year period. Our production growth has clearly beendriven a 98% success rate in our 359 well year-to-date drilling program. Moving ahead, looking ahead, thisis our traditional time of year to establish guidance for next year. And 2008is setting up with our capital program to again deliver very good organicgrowth rates. I want to get a little bitgranular with our guidance to help illustrate some of the changes in ourcapital allocation. Four out of our five areas, the East, Gulf coast,Mid-Continent and Canada,will deliver double-digit production growth expectations for 2008. In theRocky-Mountains were reducing our capital allocation, as we wrestle with thenet back prices weve seen in this place. The basis differentials are entirelyunacceptable at this time and therefore do not allow us to continue allocating alot of capital in that area, particularly with the opportunities we have inother basins within our portfolio. This event is a good argument to be a littlebit diversified. Our 2008 program was approvedyesterday at $490 million, which represents approximately 110% to 115% of ourexpected cash flow for 2008. When compared to some of our peer programs, thislevel of capital spending versus cash flow may seem a little conservative. However,Cabot's proved organic program will allow us to drill approximately 366 netwells in 2008 versus the 406 wells we anticipate stat using in 2007. We also expect to be able todeliver over 250% reserve replacement. And oil and finding cost to be aroundthe $2 range, 8% to 12% production growth and have the financial discipline tobe at approximately 26% to 27% debt-to-total cap at the end of 2008. Additionally, we anticipate ourdrilling program to be about 95% to 98% successful, which is where we are asmentioned in our 2007 program. So in 2008, we expect a low-risk program thatmaintains our balance sheet and add significant reserves by yearend 2008 at atop-tier refining cost. That's why we're looking for to our 2008 program. I have put the cart before thehorse a little bit in discussing 2008. However, for 2007 full year with onlyone quarter remaining, we have narrowed our guidance to about where we thinkwe're going to end up, and that is 14% to 16% anticipated pro forma productiongrowth. Let me discuss the adjustments toour fourth quarter guidance. However, as I mentioned, we do anticipate between14% and 16% for the full year. Gulf Coastis expected to exceed their current equivalent production levels. So we'removing their daily levels higher on the strength, mainly of our East Texas program. We are reducing slightly the Westguidance due solely to the volunteered shut-ins we had out there in October.However, for the full year, we expect west to be within our full year guidancerange. We have reduced our guidance inthe East. That's been a result of delays in well hook-ups due to weatherissues, and we have seen a tightening of the pipeline contractors. The backlogof successful wells waiting to be turned in line has just delayed ouranticipated first production. We have approximately 65completed wells waiting to be turned in line up there. But we do feel like wehave solved the problem for 2008, so we won't have a repeat performance. I am notparticularly pleased with the execution of this portion of our program. Butoverall, I am pleased with the drilling results where we remain 100% successfulin our East program. Moving to expenses, overallexpenses in the fourth quarter were basically flat after moving the smallerimpairment of our North Louisiana field. Froma guidance perspective, direct operations were outside the range due to thehigher level of activity on our lease. Guidance for the next five quartersreflects the dynamics of the market and our expectations. Now let me move to operations. Wehave added approximately $100 million as we're closing out the year and took --between now and the end of the year as capital expansion for our drillingprogram, and our associated facilities and pipeline infrastructure that isgoing to help our 2008 program. Obviously, with this additional capital beingspent towards the end of the year, the impact on 2007 is going to be somewhatlimited, but it certainly is going to help us get into 2008. Focus of our 2008 program hasbeen prioritized with increased emphasis on East Texas, which I'll talk alittle bit detail on each area, the East and the Mid-Continent. These threeareas will drill approximately 56 wells in East Texas, 265 wells in the East, 66wells in the Mid-Continent, with the Appalachiaarea included in the 265 wells will be 20 horizontal wells and 20 verticalMarcellus wells. Other areas, our focus will be inMayberry and Mississippi, and depending on thenatural gas prices and in the Rocky Mountains, the Moxa Arch and some activityin South Texas. Moving to East Texas and some ofthe details of our program, the County Line field is drillingout so far extremely well and above our expectations. Drilling efforts almost26,000-acre prospect has been directed as --- for the most part as horizontalJames. We have drilled Pettet wells, and again continues -- both continued toyield exceptional results. To-date, we have drilled 7 horizontal wells, 5 ofthose in the James and 2 of those to the Pettet. We currently have two rigsdrilling along with completion operations on another well. Since our last pressrelease we have completed the Timberstar-Worsham-1, following the sales at 12.2million cubic feet per day. We will be drilling 4 wells between now and theremainder of 2007, and we've scheduled 32 wells for our 2008 program We are extremely high on thisprospect. The field is currently producing at approximately 19 million cubicfeet per day, and that is restricted rate due to pipeline capacity. We filledup the pipeline quicker than we had anticipated. However, we do have operationsongoing in the field right now to upgrade that pipeline between now and thefirst of the year. As you may recall, our firsthorizontal Pettet well has been hooked up, and it's been tested at a rate of1.2 million a day and 48 barrels of oil per day, the Pettet has a little bitmore oil associated with it than the James. And additional development in thePettet will occur, as we continue to enhance the infrastructure to take care ofthe oil. However, right now, we are concentrating our efforts on the horizontalJames.  We have just recently announcedour completion of a trade in our Trawick field. Our deal with a major companythere has been kicked off with the completion of our first operated wildcat inthe field, and we are drilling our second operated well in the field as wespeak. This project is going to be along-term opportunity for us. We have targeted gas, reservoirs from the Jamesline through the Jurassic Haynesville at about 12,000 feet. We anticipatedrilling several hundred wells in this project with multiple take-points anyeach well. For 2008, as we gather information in the lightly drilled deepersection in the field, we'll schedule about 12 wells initially for this field. In South Texas, we continue to see positive results in our McCampbellfield. Even though we've been developing this field for many years, we haverecently completed two very good gas wells from multiple frio sands, the GibsonSign well, just came on producing at about 2.2 million a day plus 200 barrelsof oil per day from Frio section, and we other zones behind the pipe. Whileanother Gibson Sign well is flowing approximately 1.8 million a day and 100barrels of oil from D2 sand also with behind-pipe zones.  Earlier in the year we completeda flan unit well down there, at about 2.8 million a day and 360 barrelsoverall. We plan to drill at least one more well between now and the remainderof the year. Finally, we continued to evaluateour tight sand Floyd Shale play in a large area in the Black Warrior basin of Mississippi. We have finished some ofour -- actually we really have some ongoing rock geochemistry work going. Wevefinished some of that work and some completion work on our most recent well. Ican say that we are encouraged, but what we have seen in this most recent welland we do plan on allocating additional capital in this area for one more wellin 2007, and we have additional wells planned in 2008. In the east our horizontal lowerHerron program which we call, hurricane. As you are aware this program has beenslow down with our issues on nitrogen and the hydrocarbon DuPont problems, andthis is one of the reasons for our revised fourth quarter guidance in the east. However in that area today we'vedrilled eight horizontal wells and have five of those wells producing though atcurtailed rate, as we continue to deal with the nitrogen issues. As far as ourexpectations out there, our first 30 days of production from several of thesewells suggest that, we anticipate these wells to come over Bcf each and we arecompleting these wells at around $1 million. This area certainly has great dealof upside potential once we get it lined out. Operationally, we continue towork on the nitrogen and hydrocarbon DuPont issues. We have multiple programsout there in the field and new well-tap on the remaining sales line. A J.T.unit we are putting in there, and we anticipate to get all this lined out inthe near term. We have also taken delivery ofour new rig, [Speedstar] 185 for work out there in the Hurricane field. Thisrig is one of five rigs. Our contractor is bringing to cap it in this basin. Weplan to drill a couple of more horizontal Herron wells between now and theremainder of the year, and we have a 20 horizontal well program schedule in2008.  Now I am anxious, there have beenthe delays in this project, but I am anxious to get this project movingforward. In Southern West Virginia, in more ofour traditional vertical type sand drilling area, we have two rigs working andhave drilled 56 wells through the third quarter towards a total of 91 wells forour 2007 program.  Historically in that area, wewere a little bit delayed in getting to some of those wells in South West Virginia. Historically, in that area we hit afew exceptional wells, and this year's no exception though, they did occur alittle bit later this year.  We've recently completed a wellon our Pocahontas lease that tested at 7 million cubic foot day after frac, andon our lines lease the well tested at 10 million per day after frac. Both ofthose wells, have recently been turned in line are currently producing at about3 million per day in the sale. Our 2008 budget, has a little bitdifferent mix in the vertical and horizontal wells that we have in total 265wells scheduled at this time. As mentioned, a number of these wells will behorizontal here on well, and we are also starting a new initiative for us inthe deep Marcellus. So, with the little bit of the mix the 20 lower horizontalwells that are horizontal and 19 new Marcellus well that we're going to bedrilling. It really equates to our larger program if you compare to ourvertical well program that we drilled -- our total program we drilled in 2007.In an equivalence basis, it's equivalent to about 330 vertical well programs.In our new initiate up there in Marcellus to support what we are doing. We haveaccumulated over 86,000 net acres so far in this area.  We will continue to expand ourpipeline infrastructure. As mentioned, we are allocating some additionalcapital this year to get ahead of the programs, so we won't have a repeatproblem with the turning wells in line. And we are also enhancing some of ourcompression up there in the East. In the West, exploration continues to befocused on large impact prospects in the ParadoxBasin, the Eastern Utah and Southwest Colorado. We are currently drilling the secondwell in our McKenna prospect its a 770 foot (wildcat) and we will test theMarcellus Shale in the upper Paradox group. The well offset a recentlycompleted competitive well about at mile away which is reportedly flowing atabout 3 million per day from Lassa section. If we are successful the wellshould set up a significant development program for us where we have about38000 acres in this plot. A second Paradox Wildcat in has just begun, the SouthGibson Leadville Wildcat is at 8000 for test that we expect this week. The well exposed Cabot toprospect size of about 25 to 100 Bcfe in the Leadville plus additional upsidein the S-May in the crack and sandstone Excuse me in the Moxa Arch areawe will face this years program and evaluate the movement in the basis pricingto determine our total year activity in 2008. We began the year with a reducedprogram in the Moxa for 2008 because of the basis. We are very pleased though withour drilling results for our 2007 program in the Moxa, however, as I mentionedthe basis blowout in this area we reduced our 2008 capital should theenvironment materially change throughout 2008 well certainly be prepared toramp up our program again back up there. In Canada, the company is currentlydrilling ahead on our Hinton 9-6 well. We have reached TD and we should belogging, this well currently, as in fact as we speak. For 2008, our program in Canada,will mainly focus in the Hinton area and our Musreau area. So, in summary while we have,some well hook up delays in the East overall 2007, is going to be good a yearfor Cabot. And we know our 2007, year-end reserves will be impressive. Theorganic program, has exceeded reserve expectations. We will hit our productiontargets, within our guidance and we expect our finding cost to be in the $2plus range. We have laid down our initial to2008 program, that delivers similar numbers as our 2007 capital outline. And asI mentioned, with a capital outlay right at our cash flow numbers. Imagine ifyou look at our 2008 outlay as a percent of cash flow, this is going to be oneof the lowest in our space. This will allow us to evaluateall opportunities we see throughout 2008, and potentially increase ourexpectations, in regard to reserves, and production. With that being said,thank you for your support. I will look forward to answering any question thegroup has, Crystal I will turn it back to you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Sir,your first question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs:  Thank you. Good morning.
Dan Dinges: Hey, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk more to the backlogin the east region and what you believe is the net production rates ultimatelythat you can achieve from the 65 wells behind pipe and as you look your 08drilling program. Can you talk any further mid-stream risks?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. If you say 65 wells behindpipe, if you bring in, say your average initial turned inline rates over 150,200 a day. Thats approximately 10 million a day net to Cabot.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And do you see, go ahead.
Dan Dinges: Yeah. In our 2008 program wevedone some things that I think internally have mitigated any risk in our 2008program. Weve taken a deep look at our process and our budgeting, whether it'dbe the risking, whether it'd be the initial rates. And reserve aspects, whatreserves we are initially assigning. And one of the most important areas is therisking of success and the timing associated with our risking. And I think whatwe have done for 2008 is put together what I hope will prove out to beconservative guidance. We have for example in the CountyLine area, we have 32 wells, several wells scheduled between now and in the endof the year we have 32 wells scheduled in the County Line, which in oneparticular field, County Line is taking up the largest percentage of capitalfor Cabot in 2008. It is a, as we've seen we have some large initial productionrates, those wells currently that we have established for the first 30 days areseeing production average for the first 30 days over 5 million cubic foot perday. But in our guidance, because we dont know the full extent of the geologyon our 26,000 acres and as we move out, we're just lucky in hitting the exactcore of the field, we dont know, but we have taken some of that risk inconsideration when we put together our production guidance on those particularwells. And actually we've used about half of the 30 day average that we've seenin these initial wells in our 2008 guidance. So I think we've built in alittle bit of mitigation in the risk, in particular in that particular area andI pick that because that has the very large impact, because of the higherinitial rates coming from that. But I think also in the way we've risk our 2008program, anticipating a great deal of success, as I mentioned between 95% and98% success, we are I think in very good position to certainly meet or exceedthe numbers.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Thats helpful. Thank you. Youmentioned at the end of your comments that relative low level of reinvestmentthat you expect versus your peers and potential to get a little moreaggressive. Did you mean that from an acquisition perspective and if so whatkind of size in areas would you be looking at?
Dan Dinges: Well, no in the opportunity areasI was not meaning it from the M&A sides and as you are aware Brian, we havea good organic program that delivering very good growth. We haven't focused onthe M&A side. If we see opportunities that would be very close to our areaof activity we would certainly look at those and make every effort to acquire,that's not our focus. Our focus is really in looking at how well we execute ourprogram through the beginning of the year and if we see the opportunity, forexample in the master area to increase our activity up there, because we thinkthe basis is coming inline for whatever reason and delivering the cost net backto us that we want to see, then we'll jump up there and we will be prepared tojump there and increase our capital programs without reducing our capitalprogram in the rest of the area. So it's mainly focused onoperations, expansion potentially in the master or if we are able to executeand fulfill some of the drilling expectations in our core areas, we mightincrease our activity towards the year end 2008, which we have historically bythe way done.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Dan Dinges: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Ellen Hannan with Bear Stearns.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Good morning.
Dan Dinges: Good morning, Ellen.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: I just want to follow up on acouple of things. I want to make sure I heard you correctly, first on thepotential on the Floyd shale. Do I understand you correctly that you areencouraged additionally?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we are.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Okay.
Dan Dinges: We've seen what we've been tryingto do out there, Ellen, is pick up additional information, if they rank area,the well spacing out there from, say, where we're drilling several of our wellsto the closest well. That's been over 20 miles. So the data we're gathering isnew data and in different areas of the place. Some areas have not been asencouraging as other areas. But we're certainly encouraged to continueallocating capital to deploy as mentioned.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Are you finding anything abovethe Floyd shale in terms of the [lengths or] depths?
Dan Dinges: Yes, we have seen some interestin the shallower place. And that's why I couch it as a tight sand play in Floydshale play.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Another question I had for you onyour recent transaction that you announced about a month or so ago in East Texas with the two major oil companies. Can you talkabout what kind of commitment you had to give for that? And you mentioned thatreserve potential quote could be substantial, could you sort of put someparameters around that?
Dan Dinges: Excuse me, Ellen. Yeah, sure Iwill. Let me start first in -- one of the areas with a major was in our County Linearea. We picked up additional acreage. I think it was about 8,000 net acres inthe County Line area. And as you can see now thatwe've had got that acreage now part of our field and prospect out there, wewere recently -- in fact, we are currently drilling our first well on some ofthat new acreage. We've accumulated out there adjacent to the acreage we hadalready had. And I mentioned our results fromour most recent County Line wells that the five County Linewells that we have, horizontal wells in the James right now, the IPs haveaveraged about 10 million a day. As I mentioned, what we've turned to sales thefirst 30 days, couple of the wells have averaged over 5 million a day. Sothat's one area. The other area is the TrawickField. It is a large complex we have contiguous. It's probably one of thelargest peer contiguous block in East Texas.It's almost 36,000, 40,000 or so acres in East Texascontiguous. And we're going to be looking from the James all the way down tothe Haynesville. The field proper itself, whichrepresents a portion of this 36,000, 40,000 acres, is mainly a Pettet field inthe shallower section and a Travis Peak field. It has beenvery lightly drilled below the Pettet. And our main focus is going to be belowthe Pettet in the field proper areas to the CottonValley, the Haynesville, but that'salso on the outside of the field proper area anywhere from the Travis Peakdown to the Haynesville. We certainly anticipate, wedrilled now two outside operated wells on the -- where our acreage wascontributed to these two wells by outside operated companies, which weresuccessful in the Travis Peak at between -- came online between 1 million and 3million a day each. And we are completing our first operated well in thecomplex, which is actually on the fridge -- excuse me, on the fringe and not inthe field proper. We are now moving to the fieldproper area where we're drilling this second well. And we are going to continueto work with the major company and work with the Belmont in expanding the opportunities outthere. We need to work with them because they have some activities going onstill in their shallow portions of the field. And we just want to make sure weintegrate operations well.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: And are you carrying the owner ofthe fields on your wells or what this means?
Dan Dinges: I am sorry, I didn't answer thatpart. Our entry into the area and be able to get into this large acreageposition is carrying the major on like first eight wells in the area wheresubsequent to that they need to make their election whether they are going tobe in or out.
Ellen Hannan - Bear Stearns: Great. Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of [Sunil Gajwani] with Catapult.
Sunil Gajwani - Catapult: Good morning, guys.
Dan Dinges: Good morning.
Sunil Gajwani - Catapult: And congratulations. I have twoquick questions. Firstly, on East Texas withthese acreage changes, my guess would be that your location inventory hasincreased significantly as well as the unbooked potential. Can you frame thatfor us because I'm not very good at counting acres?
Dan Dinges: It has increased significantly.And we have right now, we think, as far as potential in the County Linearea. We think we have potential of anywhere from 170 to 220 horizontallocations in the James depending on what spacing you want to use. And we alsohave, which I mentioned, we are not developing the Pettet at this time. But wealso have an incremental 150 to 170 Pettet locations in the field also. So weare excited and we are going to be out there in that area for an extendedperiod of time.  In the Trawick area -- if youlook at the Trawick area and you just do the extrapolations say in the CottonValley based on what you've seen a lot of the east Texas is being drilled inthe Cotton Valley. We'll have 200, 300, 400 locations in the Cotton Valleyalone, and what we are going to be able to do similarly with those wells iswhen we drill up we are also probably going to take some of those wells down tothe Haynesville, as a potential. But we are also going to be able to see asadditional take point potentials once we look at the CottonValley, an additional potential in theTravis Peak, the James and the Pettet, and hopeto maybe could mingle compellation or plug-back completions in a multi-zonesection.
Sunil Gajwani - Catapult: Well that's fantastic. I do haveone other quick question on the Eastern region in Appalachia.Not withstanding the nitrogen completion issue that you've talked about, theactual cost per wells and the EURs that you had spoken about in the past havebeen very encouraging. How would you compare the Marcellus potential andreturns on a per well basis with the horizontal that you are drilling in theDevonian?
Dan Dinges: Thats a good question. Withoutsaying a great deal, but certainly saying enough that we were encouraged withour comments, that we have drilled two Marcellus wells. We are encouraged withwhat we see in the Marcellus section. We have actually three Marcellus areasthat we've accumulated acerage on. Right now we are looking at the Marcellus asa vertical opportunity for us.  The Marcellus has a little bitgreater pressure attached to it. What the Marcellus is going to allow us to dowe think is to tweak the completion techniques with a little bit moretechnology, possibly using a higher pressure frac and possibly usingslick-water fracs with the Marcellus which we can't do in the shallowerDevonian shale section, because the pressures are slightly lower. But on a costper well basis, might be slightly higher than $1 million, but we think we aregoing to be close to that. And though we do expect that EUR could come in abovethe horizontal wells in the lower [Heron] section. 
Sunil Gajwani - Catapult: So just I guess to summarize, ifwere to just to look at it from the return perspective and I know they are bothearly stage. It's looks like Devonian Shale has progresses more just because ofmore time spent on it, but how would compare returns between the two places?
Dan Dinges: Let me just clear this pointhere. Both of them are Devonian Shale
Sunil Gajwani - Catapult: I meant shallow Devonian versusMarcellus. 
Dan Dinges: Yeah, one is shallower, one isdeep, and Marcellus being deeper. But I would not just count at all the returnsthat the Marcellus is going to deliver to us compared to the shallowerDevonian. I would discount them. I am optimistic about what we might see outthere 
Sunil Gajwani - Catapult: Thank you 
Dan Dinges: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Richard Tullis with CapitalOne Southcoast. 
Dan Dinges: Hello, Richard. Richard you mighthave your mute button on.
Operator: Okay, would you like me to go tothe next question?
Dan Dinges: Yeah Richard might plug back inthe queue. 
Operator: Okay your next question comesfrom Jack Aydin with Keybanc.
Jack Aydin - Keybanc: Hi guys 
Dan Dinges: Hi Jack
Jack Aydin - Keybanc: Regarding Appalachia,the wells that the horizontal well you drilled in Heron that they are waitingfor the nitrogen treatment and everything. Could you give us a he timeline whenthose wells will be back on the production, and give the timeline to get thepipeline in the place and so you could pick up the drilling activities?
Dan Dinges: Okay Mike is going to pass on me.I will tell you what, we did up speed with the details. One thing that just nowhappened is, this happened on September 17 and we dont have Jeff Hutton herewith us today, our marketing guy. But on October 17, we got a new waiver fromthe pipeline companies which has increased the amount of nitrogen that we wereallowed to put into the pipeline, that is going to help and also on October 7thwe have let see here, no that's the new waver we got, it has expired on October7th then we got, the new waver now for 180 days. Our JT unit, is going to beonline. I am started over to buy that I kind of reading from this, Jack.
Scott Schroeder: Yes Jack, the JT unit isinstalled and online and operating and we got the waver for the end to, fromthe pipeline and we describe to you a little bit more lining out of some little(mismatch) and that should be slowing at pretty hopefully descent rates here,very soon within a matter of days.
Jack Aydin - Keybanc: Okay, how much volume do we have,waiting to be flowing?
Scott Schroeder: Maybe 1.5 to 2 million a day.
Jack Aydin - Keybanc: Okay and are you picking up, areyou start to drill now there or you going to wait until you get the pipeline inplace?
Scott Schroeder: No Jack, we have already drilledtwo additional wells out there this fall. And we are on our third well withthat new rig, that Dan mentioned and we kind of drill a couple more after thesewells when third one is done. And then we will pick up, rightover in the first year to drill our '08 horizontal program out there.
Jack Aydin - Keybanc: When are you going to give thepipeline in a place? 
Scott Schroeder: Well the, let me just say that weare looking at this scenario. Depending on how these wells in the first part of'08 drill out, Jack and complete were considering laying a line down to themain pipeline systems about 3 to 5 mile south of us. And lay that line downthere so we would have to fight with this end to issue anymore.
Jack Aydin - Keybanc: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Yournext question comes from the line of (Corri Garcia) with Raymond James.
Corri Garcia - Raymond James: Good morning guys.
Dan Dinges:  Good morning.
Corri Garcia - Raymond James: Hi. Lotof my questions have been answered. But if we head back to the County Lineplace just a second. The higher rates that you guys are seeing. Can you provideanymore color or I guess how are you thinking about any upside to your EURsthat you guys laid out?
Dan Dinges: Well. Corri it's a good question,the engineers weve score around 5 if I got too bold with any projections butcertainly its rate time on the declines and its very, very early in the gamewith these type of high initial rates. So, where I can 2.5 to 4 basis is in therange of what we ought to expect out of these wells. And its still early inthe game and is our upside to that kind of depends on, how these wells hold upwhich would we dictate kind a facture system where we hook up to.
Corri Garcia - Raymond James: Thank you.
Dan Dinges: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Michael Schmitz with Banc of America.
Michael Schmitz - Banc of America: (Question Inaudible).
Dan Dinges: Man I didnt get all of that,would you
Chuck Smyth: Michael, you were breaking-up
Michael Schmitz - Banc of America: Sorry. Dan you mentioned 250%reserve replacement in $2 finding gross targets for next year. Can you justupdate us on what you are thinking for this year?
Dan Dinges: Yeah. I am thinking that we aregoing to be in the 270 or higher range for reserve replacement for 2007, and Ithink our cost of fine number is going to be in the $2 plus range right aroundthat range.
Michael Schmitz - Banc of America: Okay, thanks.
Dan Dinges: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Larry Benedetto with Howard Weil.
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Thank you. Dan, in the Timberstarwell, which you announced this morning. The length of that was 4600 feet, isthat consistent with the other horizontal James lime wells?
Dan Dinges: Yeah, Mike was just saying that,it is consistent with our other wells; our other wells have been right at about5000 feet. 
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: And well cost to store around 3.5million completed.
Dan Dinges: Yes, 3.1 million to 3.5 million.
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: And then in the Black Warrior Basin in '08, do you planto drill in the horizontal wells in the Floyd? 
Dan Dinges: Larry, we're still gatheringinformation, but with the information we have so far, the horizontal would belogical next year.
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: And do you have three deals withacreage? 
Dan Dinges: No we dont at this time becauseit's still such a large acreage position.
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Okay. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from theline of Richard Tullis with CapitalOne Southcoast. 
Richard Tullis - CapitalOne Southcoast: Hey, good morning. How is itgoing?
Dan Dinges: Great. Thanks.
Richard Tullis - CapitalOne Southcoast: Most of my questions have beenanswered as well; I just had a couple of more on the County Linewells. The latest win to Timberstar, number one, how long is that been on? 
Dan Dinges: Less than a week. 
Richard Tullis - CapitalOne Southcoast: Okay. Which is producing rightnow? 
Dan Dinges: Well, as we turned it in land at12 million a day and well we had to do to turn it inline in 12 million a daywas cut the other wells back a little bit.
Richard Tullis - CapitalOne Southcoast: Okay. 
Dan Dinges: Because we have 19 million a daycapacity right now.
Richard Tullis - CapitalOne Southcoast: I see.
Dan Dinges: So, I couldn't answer you exactlywhat its doing right now because I don't know exactly what they did on tweakingthe other wells and just balancing everything else out in the field.
Richard Tullis - CapitalOne Southcoast: Sure. What will be the cost onthat one?
Dan Dinges: Little over $3 million, right at$3.5 million.
Richard Tullis - CapitalOne Southcoast: Okay. And that was one to sevenstage frac if I remember right.
Dan Dinges: Yeah.
Richard Tullis - CapitalOne Southcoast: Pretty long lateral. And jumpinto the Floyd rig any rates that you can give us on any recent test?
Dan Dinges: No, we are not talking about thatat this stage.
Richard Tullis - CapitalOne Southcoast: Okay. Alright. Well that's it forme today. Thanks so much.
Dan Dinges: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: At this time there are no furtherquestions in queue.
Dan Dinges: Very good, Crystal I appreciateit. Thank everybody for your interest in Cabot and we look forward to continueexecuting our program. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's Cabot Oil& Gas third quarter 2007 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-26 09:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and CEO   Michael B. Walen - Sr. VP and COO   Jeffrey W. Hutton - VP of Marketing   Scott C. Schroeder - VP and CFO 
Analysts: Raymond Deacon - BMO   Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital   Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch   Ellen K. Hannan - Bear, Stearns & Co.   Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James   Jack A. Aydin - Keybanc Capital Markets/McDonald   Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil   Biju Perincheril - Fortis Bank, Inc.   John Ragard - Friess Associates 
Operator: Good morning. My name is Wanda and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Cabot Oil & Gas Second Quarter 2007 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Mr. Dinges you may begin your conference. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Wanda. Good morning, thanks for joining us for our second quarter teleconference call. With me today I do have several members of our management team including Mike Walen, our Chief Operating Officer; Scott Schroeder, our CFO; Jeff Hutton, our VP of Marketing; and Chuck Smyth, our VP-Controller. Before I do start the teleconference let me say that the statement regarding forward-looking information or regarding... included in the press release prior to my comments today. As you are aware Cabot issued two press releases last night both illustrating our continuing success, one with the financial highlights for the quarter and the other reporting achievements in our second quarter operations activity. Financially the company again reported solid net income of $38.6 million or $0.40 per share after removing the benefit of additional asset sales activity in the quarter. This level of net income was Cabot Oil & Gas Corp.'s second highest quarter -- second highest second quarter results ever reported only exceeded by last year's effort.  The quarter experienced higher realized natural gas prices offset by lower oil price realizations and as expected due to this third quarter asset sale last year; we had lower absolute production for the comparable quarter.  Overall expenses were down 4.5% for the year-over-year comparable quarters. I think this is very positive particularly in the escalating service cost environment we've had over the last several years. Relating to pricing, Cabot experience a 7% increase in natural gas price realizations buoyed by $0.66 per MCF pick up from the Company's hedge position. Additionally we had... we have added the hedge impact for the reported periods to the press release tables.  Oil price realizations fell 9% to $61.98 per barrel but remained within our caller range of $60 to $80 per barrel. Cabot's overall hedge position is highlighted on our website for both 2007 and 2008 and as it relates to 2008 we remain opportunistic and will look to add to that position. Excuse me. Production as I mentioned, absolute comparable period volumes we down as a result of our sale in last year's third quarter. However what I remain very pleased with is our pro forma growth levels for production of 13% for the second quarter comparisons and 19% for the year-over-year period. Because the production levels are solidly within our guidance, the posted guidance level remained unchanged at this time. The production growth has clearly been driven by 98% success in our 222 well year-to-date drilling program.  Moving to your expenses, overall expenses fell in the quarter even with increases due to compression, water disposal and treating costs and direct operations and the amortization of undeveloped leasehold in all our regions; the undeveloped leasehold are those aging areas that are no longer prospective or we have been allowed... or have been allowed to expire due to other opportunity. Because of this increased leasehold amortization, we are slightly increasing our guidance for DD&A in the third and fourth quarters. However guidance for all other expenses categories remain the same.  Smooth operations: last night we gave an operational update including an increase in our capital program. We have been asked many times about our capital plan especially in light of our financial position and I believe these -- this release will answer the majority of those questions.  Now we are adding approximately $65 million as capital for expansion of our drilling program and associated facilities and pipeline infrastructure. Obviously with this additional capital being spend towards the end of the year, the impact to 2007 production will be limited but will help augment our early numbers in 2008.  Moving to the specific areas. At County Line and our Gulf Coast region, we have made further progress on three fronts: first, we expect our pipeline upgrade to be completed by September which will allow the Timberstar 2 horizontal James well to produce at full capacity. That well has been completed and flowing at a reduced rate of approximately 2.5 million a day. Second we are finalizing a trade with a major oil company there that -- in the area that gives us exposure to an addition 8,000 plus acres in the play. This would increase our position to over 26,000 acres under lease in the prospect. Third we have expanded our capital program to take care of this situation with nine more horizontal wells scheduled between now and year end in County Line.  The Company also released results of the Timberstar number 1, a Pettet horizontal test; which you saw last night's release indicated a test at 480 barrels of oil per day plus 0.5 million per day natural gas. This well is currently shut in pending facility design. Cabot owns by the way 100% in this prospect.  Moving to Mississippi in our Floyd shale tight sand play in the Black Warrior Basin, we are currently drilling out fourth shale test plus continuing to test an earlier tight sand well. The well we are currently drilling is our most westerly [ph] well to date. We plan to continue to evaluate this large acreage position and report our progress towards the end of the year.  Moving to the west region, our Moxa Arch area of Western Wyoming had evolved really into one of our premiere development areas due to the success of our down spacing from 160 acres to 80 acres for the frontier section. Year-to-date we have drilled 15 wells at 100% success averaging reserves of 1.2 bcf to 1.4 bcf per well from the frontier which is in line with our pre-drill expectation. We look for this area to ramp up our effort during the third quarter. Paradox basin program will kick off when we spread our next well at McKenna in a couple of weeks.  This 10,000 foot well will continue to evaluate gas potential in the Paradox shale group. Cabot has a large acreage position in this area. We plan also to drill one other high potential target in the basin later in the year. The south Gypsum prospect, a 9200 foot Leadville will spud in September. We have 6600 gross acres on this prospect. We will drill the initial well with a... anywhere from 30% to 50% working interest. This prospect has a 25 to 100 bcf potential.  Moving to the mid-continent, also part of our west region. We have drilled 33 wells with a 97% success rate in the mid-continent utilizing two rigs with over 265,000 gross acres across the basin. We are using a portion of our capital expansion to upgrade this program. We plan drill over 27 wells between now and yearend in the mid-continent.  Moving to the east region, the east region program remains on track with approximately 10 conventional rigs running. At this time we anticipate starting up a horizontal rig in August. Our plan at this time is to drill 6 to 8 more horizontal wells this year-to-date. And our total program both vertical and horizontal we have drilled... 154 wells have been drilled, 22 wells are currently completing, 130 wells have been completed, and 89 of those have been turned inline. The pipeline crews are working diligently to hook up our gathering system to those successful wells.  At our horizontal play, we are producing five of the six horizontal wells, we have hooked into the system although at a curtailed rate as we continue to reduce the percentage of nitrogen recovered through production; the nitrogen was used to frac all these wells. While this wells -- while this is work in progress, we believe that on average the reserve profile of these five wells will be somewhere between the 1 bcf to 1.8 bcf range which when you compliment it with a completed well cost of $1 million, we think this gives significant credence to the program.  As I mentioned we will be moving a rig in, in August to restart additional horizontal drilling. Moving to the north, our Canada region, at our Hinton area, our fourth well was recently stimulated, it tested at 12.2 million cubic foot per day from one of the two log mountain park zones. This is the first well as I have previously mentioned drilled from interpretation of our new 3D survey. We have staked additional locations utilizing our 3D and plan to drill several more wells this year in the Hinton area. We will have two rigs running in Canada for the rest of the drilling season, concentrating on a down spacing program at Mazzrow [ph], our drilling in Hinton and at Norway [ph] as well as Chime.  In summary, we have achieved a significant level of success with the first half of our program and have our most active quarter out in front of us. I am very pleased with the tremendous effort of our staff and the progress of our 2007 program. We have started looking and working on our 2008 program and we should be able to report progress in October of what we have done for our 2008 program. For 2007 I do fully anticipate our organic reserve replacement target of 250 plus or minus percent to be met at yearend with a top tier refining cost of around $2.  Additionally I anticipate us to meet our double-digit pro forma production growth targets in our guidance. If we meet these goals, we will again be adding significant value to the shareholder at yearend. Also it is our strategic goal to find an efficient method to accelerate our inventory of opportunities while still maintaining our financial strength. We will continue to work on this program.  In light of this soft environment when we look at efficiencies we will also have to be attuned to stock buyback. At current levels of evaluation for Cabot at around $2.20 per mcf in the ground, we are at the indifferent mark between pushing our staff capacity and adding capital for rigs versus repurchase of shares.  With that I do thank you for your support and look forward to reporting periodic update on Cabot's progress. Wanda, with that I will turn it back over to you and if there's any questions they can ask them at this time.  Question And Answer 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Ray Deacon with BMO. 
Raymond Deacon - BMO: Hey Dan, I just was wondering if you could talk about the mechanical issue with the nitrogen fracs and how you plan to... how it will the completion technique going forward? And also maybe just some more detail on what the James lime activity might look like going into 2008? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, right thanks for the question. The amount of nitrogen that we pumped in with multistage fracs up there on horizontal's anywhere from four to seven fracs is a bunch of nitrogen and we are going into a line. We've tied into a line with laying a 10-inch and 8-inch out into our leasehold position and that line dumps into a line that does not have a great deal of gas in it right now. So the pipeline specs that we are held to limit the amount of nitrogen percent that we can put into the line and since we don't have a great deal of gas to blend with as we were and if we were hooking into a line that had a significant amount of the gas into it. It's requiring us to bring these wells on slower because the percentage of nitrogen being produced from each well is greater than the pipeline specs that we can -- we can put in into the line.  So our plan and we've looked at additional ideas, whether or not we put in a nitrogen recovery unit out there which is kind of a slow process or we flare these wells in greater capacity before we start putting these into the lines to get the nitrogen down, and we are looking at those options. But right now what we would hope would happen is as we bring the nitrogen content down on the wells we are flowing into the line right now and as we get more gas into the pipeline the blending effort will help us bring on the wells that we continue... that we plan on drilling out into this area into the future. It will allow the blending process to help bring the percentage down and bring these wells on a little bit quicker, but also we're either going to recapture some of the nitrogen or we might flare a little bit more of the gas on the front end to help bring it down.  It's just... when we are flaring them at reduced rates because the levels of production rates high, our flare rates are higher, we just... there's kind of a balancing and tweaking going on right now and that's what we are experiencing.  In the James lime... in the County Line and all of these Texas areas we are looking at, we do anticipate that to be a very active program for us. The James lime as we have seen... we drilled a horizontal... I mean a vertical well out there earlier, we've now drilled our first James horizontal well which we've had good success with. We are going to drill an additional 9 horizontal James wells out there on our acreage and with our acreage position we do anticipate going into 2008, that's going to be a significant level of activity for us; the James along with the Pettet. So we look for that to be a pretty good program for us in 2008. 
Raymond Deacon - BMO: Great, thanks Dan. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Busnardo with Tristone Capital. 
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Hey, good morning. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Larry. 
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Hi. Just looking at the County Line... I am just looking for a little bit more information on the two wells. The first one tested 2.5 million a day. Was that... the second one had more oil than gas, what's kind of the ratio of the first one and I know they are two different formations there. But was that expected to have more oil coming out of the James lime there? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the... I will turn it over to Mark and let him answer also Larry. But the James well tested at a different rate, we are flowing it... that about 2.5 million a day right now. And I will let Mike visit about the gas-oil ratios. 
Michael B. Walen - Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer: Yes Larry the James is generally a dry gas reservoir, we have very little liquids involved with that. As a matter of fact that will part of the story with the Pettet, the Pettet zone is a higher... it's really oil zones more than gas zones out of the Pettet. And the goal going forward is to get enough James gas production to then blend with the Pettet gas and reduce our hydrocarbon dew point that way into our pipeline system and then set up some gas slip to lift this oil out of the Pettet. We think that there is a lot of potential in the Pettet for this oil reservoir and probably we will see some activity on that Pettet fronts in '08. 
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay. What's the -- 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: The oil and gas. 
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay. On the pipeline front, what's going to be the takeaway capacity of that pipeline? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: I will... there's a lot of activity in these taxes in and around this area and I am going to turn it over to our VP of the marketing, Jeff Hutton. 
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Vice President of Marketing: Okay Larry. Initially we expect to have about 15,000 a day capacity hopefully here around September. We've got a second project that's in the work that may add or essentially double that by let's say October. And then in addition to that there is two or three very competitive gatherers out there in the area that are proposing some very large diameter pipes to cut through that whole area; we are talking 24 inch type pipes. So capacity should not be an issue here as we get later towards the end of the year. 
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: What would be the timing of that second boost that would double that takeaway capacity? 
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Vice President of Marketing: Towards the end of September... late September. 
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay. Alright. Just shifting over to the Paradox. You've got obviously McKenna and then South Gypsum. I think there was a third one Vancorum [ph]. Is that still on the agenda... is that being pushed out 2008, I take it? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, with the level of activity every place else, Larry, we are moving Vancorum to 2008. 
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay and maybe a question for Scott there, just on the deferred tax rate came in higher than... significantly higher than what I was looking for. Do you think it's still going to be in that 15 to 25% range that you have been talked about or is there a possibility that it comes in higher than that going forward? 
Scott C. Schroeder - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes there's a possibility it comes in higher; we will adjust the guidance, it's still 15% to 25%, we need to do some research for the tax department on that. We got kind of caught... we are just running out of time. So we will post new guidance under per taxes here by the end of the week. 
Larry Busnardo - Tristone Capital: Okay good. Alright, thanks a lot. 
Scott C. Schroeder - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Larry. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen with Merrill Lynch. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning Dan. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Eric. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: On the James... in the James lime play, or actually on both the James one and Pettet, do you have any estimates out in terms of EURs and the well costs, if it's too early for that? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: It's really a little bit early to get that. We want to... I think towards the October period when we can turn these things in line a little bit and just kind of make sure they hold up as expected in all. I think that'd be a better time to be able to speculate on that. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay. On the James lime well I think you mentioned... was the test rate at $5 million a day and just flowing it 2.5 capacity constraint, is that correct or --? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it was a little better than $5 million a day. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then in the Rockies with Rockies prices, does that impact your drilling plants out there and if not at what price do you think you'll... you might consider reducing activity? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: The Rockies as always gets hit with the differential and it does effect the percentage of capital we allocate out there. We do have a good hedge position on with our Rockies gas, we have a $7 floor with about 20 million cubic foot out there. So we feel good about that. We do expect that differentials in the long run will relax a little bit once you get the new... like the Rex line in out there and you don't have quite the gas-on-gas competition. But it has tempered a little bit the percentage of capital we allocate into the Rockies. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then finally in Appalachia on the horizontal program, did I hear... so are you going to dedicate one rig, just the horizontal wells and if that's the case, I mean, how many wells per quarter and what sort of a basic outline in the drilling program for... and the rest of year in 2008. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes and really the rest of 2007 we are going to dedicate this rig to horizontal drilling and in 2008 they will have probably a couple of rigs dedicated to just horizontal drilling in 2008. We are going to expand our horizontal drilling program. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: All right, great. Thank you. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Ellen Hannan with Bear Stearns. 
Ellen K. Hannan - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Good morning. Hi, just a question for you on Canada, could you just refresh my memory what is your takeaway capacity in your Canadian regions on the pipeline --? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Are telling about the Hinton area Ellen? 
Ellen K. Hannan - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Yes, yes. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We had a firm... $22 million a day firm on that Hinton pipeline and I'll let Jeff kind of just add to kind of what's going on out in that area. 
Jeffrey W. Hutton - Vice President of Marketing: Okay Ellen, we have like Dan mentioned 22,000 a day firm, that's net to Cabot. The pipeline capacity was build to through 50,000 a day of... at the current stage that it's at with just a little bit of compression add and a little bit of looping in that 50,000 a day goes to 100,000 a day. And with deliveries both into two large interstate pipelines, Alliance and TransCanada. Though, for short-term and long-term, the capacity should not be a problem. 
Ellen K. Hannan - Bear, Stearns & Co.: And I had a question, you may have already tried to answer this and I apologize if I missed something. On the James lime horizontal, do you have a cost per well for that? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Cost per well as completely well cost is approximately $3 million. 
Ellen K. Hannan - Bear, Stearns & Co.: And you are not... you do not want to talk about what your expectations for the EUR yet? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's a little bit early for that. We should be able to get to that in the next quarter. 
Ellen K. Hannan - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay, very good. Thank you. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. 
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Hi, good morning. Question about your Appalachian property, you mentioned before that both your pipeline and some of your upstream assets may be MLP capable, can you just talk to us about your latest thoughts about that? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well MLP area is certainly abuzz and a number of announcements made for upstream assets be placed and midstream be placed in MLP. Cabot certainly has both of those, we have a large infrastructure in the East and our Cranberry system is about 2,700 or 2,8000 miles of pipes with a significant compression on that and we certainly have a type of assets that are low decline, low intensity that are conducive to MLPs. We look at the MLP space, we evaluate what we have as far as opportunity is to place in that. There is certainly a position to take that would say, if the MLPs are going to need to continue to facilitate their vehicle with additional acquisitions and assets to be placed end of those then we think Cabot whether it is a portion of our asset placed in MLPs or whether or not we position our asset in a way that would be attractive and secure what we think might be superior value for MLPs to dump into their vehicles, we think in both cases Cabot's going to be well positioned. But we continue to look at it and monitor the space. 
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Omar Jama with Oil Creek [ph]. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. 
Unidentified Analyst: I am wondering if you guys have given... you have sold assets in the past and I was wondering if you have given any thoughts to perhaps shedding some of the... either the Western assets or the Canadian assets, and so far the early results were pretty strong in Appalachia and maybe rededicating some of that capital to higher return drilling projects. Is that something you guys have talked much about? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes we have. It's a fair question. We always are looking at how we allocate our capital, we look at the depth of our portfolio with the... these 10,000 locations we have out in front of us and we are making efforts to create a little bit better present value on all of those locations and selling assets certainly is one way of doing it, I think when you do sell assets, I think it's a opportune time to do that. We have both and... certainly in the Rockies and in Canada we have a significant level of activity or locations or prospectivity in our portfolio now that is unrealized and for example on a number of the areas that we made discoveries, on Chime and Boltan and Norway, Hinton, we have a significant level of additional acreage available out there that you don't recognize by PUDs [ph]. You can put it in the probable... possible category at this stage but we don't think we would realize the value at this time for those types of assets.  So if somebody came knocking on our door however and they would recognize the value as we do then certainly we would entertain that conversation. But it is a fair question on where we allocate our capital and what we get for the capital we spend in different regions and frankly I think that's the one of the strengths of Cabot that we do have multiple regions to allocate and it both... and all of them give us different input into our summation metrics that we report at the end of the year.  Canada gives us a... just like the Hinton well we just tested that Hinton well at 12 million a day. A significant pass in our production where the East for example gives us a very, very good cost of fine number good rates of return in reserve replacement but certainly the way we return up there is not going to be equivalent to a well that you bring on at 12 million a day. So there's a good balance and that's certainly our objective as we put together a capital program and we're going to be looking at as we put 2008 together. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So given your kind of outlook for the CapEx breakdown looking into next year [Multiple Speakers]. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we have a broad meeting today and tomorrow we have our entire management group. In the office today we have a meeting scheduled and after our board meeting tomorrow to really talk and go in depth into our 2008 program and talk about all aspects of our portfolio. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Hagen with Merrill Lynch. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Eric. 
Operator: Eric, your line is open. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Hey Dan. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I got that. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, sorry about that. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No problem. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Just a follow up on the MLP question. In terms tax leakage you think that's going to be significant issue there, have you invested enough capital into the infrastructure and into drilling to increase the tax basis or --? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well yes I think the tax leakage... I think everybody that's dumping these properties into MLPs has to make that as a consideration when they put these vehicles together and we are looking at the tax aspect of it. Certainly our assets in the east are assets we've had a long time and we have a reduced book value on those assets as far as the upstream assets, midstream assets we continue to put dollars into expanding the infrastructure to allow us to expand our drilling program. So the tax aspect of that is something we are just looking at, at this time. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: So from a tax point of view, the midstream might be more perspective given the investments you've made over the past few years, is that fair to say? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we are looking at it but that might be a fair conclusion. 
Eric Hagen - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks again. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Aydin with Keybanc. 
Jack A. Aydin - Keybanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Hi guys. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Jack. 
Jack A. Aydin - Keybanc Capital Markets/McDonald: I got to know a couple of questions. The increase in CapEx for the balance of the year is $65 million. Could you break it down where you are going to spend that money, where you are allocating it to? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Jack I'll just... might touch on a couple of points and then turn it over to Mike. But certainly the success we are having in County Line with the horizontal drilling is going to see probably the majority of it and we are expanding the mid continent area also and also we have added a couple of horizontal wells to the program in the East. 
Jack A. Aydin - Keybanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Second question I thought I was under the impression maybe I am wrong that you are acquiring additional acreage in... for the prospective Marcella [ph] shale. Did you... could you comment on it a little bit, could you share a little more color if you are adding acreage there? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: We have active programs in all of our regions right now with the line man [ph] and brokers. 
Jack A. Aydin - Keybanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay. That's all you are going to say. Okay, now let me ask you another question. You are talking about your implied value in the grant of about 220 and alternatively you think instead of doing acquisition buying share, are you in the market buying shares... stock? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we are really just recently Jack... the market turned soft, everybody has looked at the weather and the storage numbers and that convergence has created a lot of softness in this space and everybody is given up some of their move that they have made and when you look at now where that has brought Cabot to, we would never really be equivalent to our peers in the ground, we are always under our peers on a Mcfe equivalent. But coming back to now 220 an Mcfe it's approaching now what we look at as our replacement cost with our organic program and when we say that and look at that and now knowing that we have added to our capital program we are pushing our staff as hard as we can and we get to a certain level of affective capacity with the staff to be able to drill efficiently and not waste money in trying to do too much and when we look at that and certainly with the strength of our balance sheet we do consider buying our shares back. We have not made any share buyback recently though and Scott might want to add to that. 
Scott C. Schroeder - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Jack right now governance rules prohibit us from being in the markets simply because of the earnings and everything. Just for example when officers are blacked out, the company has to be blacked out also. 
Jack A. Aydin - Keybanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Okay. And the other question I have is... Dan is this... okay you mentioned you have got almost 10,000 locations and you are talking about the capacity in terms of human resources and technical know-how. Now did you give... are you giving a thought that you might want to bring somebody through joint venture in some areas such as the Paradox Basin or other area? 
Scott C. Schroeder - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Jack -- 
Jack A. Aydin - Keybanc Capital Markets/McDonald: And to accelerate the development of your... that 10,000 locations? 
Scott C. Schroeder - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes Jack that's a good question, and that's been a... I referenced in my annual report... in our annual report that it is a significant value that's out there and multiple years of drilling locations are out in front of us and to really recognize some of the value we have to as a management group figure out a way to maximize the value of what we have in our portfolio and certainly coming up with the methodology to allow us to expand our program in a number of different ways. We could expand it by adding to staff which we are doing some, we still have probably 16 to 18 open job requisitions right now that we are trying to fill. We have filled some in various different regions, so we are adding that way to expand our program and we are ramping up as much as we can and what we think is an efficient manner. But we also looking at other ways of looking at maybe our locations that would be three, four, eight years out in front of us and maybe carve out an area that would allow somebody to come in and us still participate in some... in some way in some method but also allow us to recognize significant value that's hanging out there that we are not able to get to for multiple years but we might be able to find another way to skin the cat. And that is a consideration, it is a project that I'm trying to solve and it will be one that we continue to work on. We are not going to try to give away anything and we are not going to give away anything but we are going to try to recognize value with what we have in our portfolio. Thanks [ph]. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Jack. 
Jack A. Aydin - Keybanc Capital Markets/McDonald: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Benedetto with Howard Weil. 
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Hi Dan. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Larry, how is you? 
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: I am doing well. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Good. 
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: In the East, the EUR that you have given for recovery is 1 to 1.8 bcf and that's a fairly wide range? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Is there any thing other than rock quality that would determine whether that recovery would be in the high end of the range or low end of the range? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No. And it's still a very small sample pool Larry. We have been conscious on putting out numbers out there because we didn't want to get ahead of ourselves and we still have a fairly large range. But we only have five well that are produced... been producing now for a month and really it's still early to be... I think to be talking about EURs but we felt a little bit of a need to get some numbers out there and certainly represent and recognize that the horizontal program is a viable program for us.  I would think with additional drilling, you are going to have a myriad of different results. You are going to have better wells and you are going to have wells that are not as good. I don't know where the average is going to fall out. Obviously we'd like for it to fall out on upper end and if through... weather we can enhance that upper end by the extended drilling... getting out 3,400, 3,500, 3,600, 3,700 feet and adding multiple fracs or how we frac the wells as being one way. But also if we find the fracture swarms in it... that are maybe significantly better than the range that we've found here, certainly the average is going to be on the upper end. But rock quality and the fractures and the rock, Larry, are going to be the key to our result. 
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Okay. And then a quick one for Scott. Do you have a diluted share count? 
Scott C. Schroeder - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: One second Larry. Six months 98077. 
Larry Benedetto - Howard Weil: Thank you very much. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Larry. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Biju Perincheril with Fortis Securities (sic) [Fortis Bank, Inc.] 
Biju Perincheril - Fortis Bank, Inc.: Yes hi. Can you expand a little bit on your... the cost and the second quarter production costs and your expectations going forward, I see that you've maintained the guidance in the second half. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Biju, we were within a Penny of the unit cost, Dan alluded to the fact that we had water [ph] disposal, compression costs that impacted the second quarter, some workovers. We expect the increase volume that that will come back in line with those. We have forecasted so that's why we did not change the direct operations guidance. 
Biju Perincheril - Fortis Bank, Inc.: Okay. And then the nine more-or-less horizontal wells that you will be drilling at County Line, are those going to be dual add-ons at Pettet and James lime? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: No, right now we are just focusing on the James lime with it being... the Pettet being oily and the James being gassy. We are going to focus right now just on the James horizontals. 
Biju Perincheril - Fortis Bank, Inc.: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes fro the line of John Ragard with Friess Associates. 
John Ragard - Friess Associates: A question on the Moxa area, you guys have been very successful in the frontier. And if I recall in the past you have drilled the wells a little deeper to target another formation and the name of which is escaping me now and you had at least one successful well. Out of those 15 you've drilled this year, is that the only successful additional pay you have completed below the frontier? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. John we have... Dakotas is what we have deepened the wells to when we do. As I have mentioned Dakota is a more of a fluvial type of channel sand that we look for. Of the 15 wells, we felt like where those 15 wells were located based on our best guess geology that only five of them were warranted in deepening and we did deepen five of those. We've had that one success and the other five wells we felt like were not economic for effective completion in the Dakota. But we will continue with that program. Again as we have always stated it's a higher risk program but can't add... we think if you find it's significant value to the program. 
John Ragard - Friess Associates: And the incremental cost is fairly low per well bore, correct? 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Very low. 
John Ragard - Friess Associates: Okay. Thank you. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. 
Operator: At this time there are no further questions. 
Dan O. Dinges - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Wanda, I appreciate it, appreciate all the good questions and we certainly look forward to our 2007 third quarter to be our most active quarter and look forward to our report in October. Thank you very much. 
Operator: This concludes today's Cabot Oil & Gas second quarter 2007 conference call. You may now disconnect.
