===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Please stand by. Your program is about to begin. If you need audio assistance during today's program, please press 0. Good morning, and welcome to Dover Corporation's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Chris Winger, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Dickens, Vice President, Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. If you would like to ask a question during this time, press star and then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, please press the pound key. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded. Your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jack Dickens. Please go ahead.
Jack Dickens: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of this call will be available on our website through May 15, and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for ninety days. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are disclosed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks, Jack. Good morning, everybody. Let's go to Slide three. Q1 was a good quarter. Adjusted EPS was up 19% over the prior year, on excellent incremental margin conversion. Driven by a healthy mix from our growth platforms, prior period structural cost actions, and positive price-cost dynamics. Adjusted EBITDA margin was up 240 basis points to 24%, a record result for Q1. With four or five segments posting over 100 basis points of comparative margin expansion. Importantly, organic bookings were up for the sixth consecutive quarter with book-to-bill north of one across all five segments, resulting in a sizable portion of Q2 revenue already in backlog. Overall, we're very encouraged by the start of the year. All of our efforts on portfolio construction, new product introductions, and methodical cost and productivity actions are driving meaningful improvement in segment profitability and durable long-term top-line resilience. Let's go to Slide five. Engineered Products was down in the quarter on lower volumes in vehicle services and program timing in aerospace and defense. We intervened on the cost structure of vehicle service to improve its margin performance going forward. Engineered products and specifically vehicle services, are the most exposed to tariffs of Chinese imported subcomponents, in our case, structural steel. We are out with pricing mitigation actions, but we'll keep a close eye on volume. The segment will be bolstered as the year progresses by calendarization of our aerospace and defense business. With the divestitures of Dosteco Environmental Services Group in '24, our engineered products segment now accounts for 15% of our total portfolio, down from 25% in the prior year. Clean energy and fueling was up 2% organically in the quarter led by strong shipments in clean energy components, fluid transport, and below-ground retail fueling equipment. Robust order activity in below-ground retail fueling signals a recovery after two years of lower volumes, a welcome outcome. We are also encouraged by the increasing quoting activity in clean energy components, particularly in recent wins in space launch and LNG infrastructure in the US and Europe. Margin performance was robust in the quarter, up 180 basis points on a higher mix of below-ground fueling equipment and tight cost controls. We expect this segment to be the leaders in margin accretion in 2025 on volume leverage, pricing, and SKU management and positive product mix. Imaging and ID posted another solid quarter with organic growth of 4% on strong wins in serialization software, and broad-based growth in core marking and coding across all geographies and product lines. Margin performance was robust as management on cost to serve and structural cost controls continue to drive incremental margins higher. Pumps and Process Solutions was up 7% organically on double-digit growth in single-use biopharma components and triple-digit growth in thermal connectors for liquid cooling of data centers. Precision components and industrial pumps also had solid results. As forecasted, the long-cycle polymer processing equipment was down year over year in the quarter. Segment revenue mix and volume leverage drove margin improvement on excellent production performance and volume growth in biopharma and thermal. The outlook for the rest of the year is favorable in Pumps and Process Solutions, biopharma components, and thermal connectors should continue their robust growth trajectories on secular themes and single-use biological drug production and liquid cooling of data centers. Our precision components business has a healthy exposure to the gas and steam turbine markets which are performing well. Revenue was down in the quarter in Climate and Sustainability Technologies and comparative declines of food retail door cases and engineering services which more than offset the quarterly record volumes in CO2 systems. We are encouraged to see year-over-year growth in our heat exchanger business for the first time since the fall of 2023. Shipments of heat exchangers for installation in European pumps still faced poor comp in Q1, but were up sequentially from Q4. Despite the lower top line, the segment posted 120 points of margin improvement and year-over-year growth in absolute earnings on productivity actions and a higher mix of CO2 systems. We expect improvement of segment performance over the balance of the year on strength of CO2 refrigeration systems, robust growth at heat exchangers for liquid cooling of data centers, and a continued recovery in heat exchangers for European heat pumps on improving end customer sentiment and normalized channel stocking levels. I'll pass it to Chris.
Chris Winger: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to our cash flow statement on Slide six. Our free cash flow in the quarter was $109 million or 6% of revenue. This was a $3 million increase when compared to the first quarter of last year. Higher earnings and improved working capital performance were partially offset by the expected increase in capital spending on growth and productivity projects. The improved working capital performance was driven by strong collection activity positively impacting our accounts receivable balance partially offset by investments in inventory ahead of seasonally stronger volume quarters in Q2 and Q3. The first quarter is traditionally our lowest cash flow quarter of the year. Our guidance for 2025 free cash flow remains on track at 14% to 16% of revenue on strong conversion of operating cash flow. With that, let me turn it back to Rich.
Richard J. Tobin: I'm on slide seven. Here we provide a little more detail on the bookings in the first quarter, Q1 our sixth consecutive quarter of positive year-over-year organic bookings growth, posting a book-to-bill above one. As shown in the segment detail on the right, the booking rates were broad-based with strength in our secular growth exposed markets and encouraging trend as we move through the year. Let's go to slide eight. Which highlights several of the end markets they were driving our consolidated organic growth forecast. Between end market data, our customer forecast, and our booking rates, we are encouraged by the outlook in the broader industrial gas complex, within clean energy and precision components, single-use biopharma components, CO2 refrigeration, and inputs into liquid cooling applications of data centers which include our connectors as well as heat exchangers. We have made significant organic and inorganic investments behind these end markets with 75% of the acquisition capital we've deployed over the last five years, has been behind these markets and they remain some of our highest priority areas of investment moving forward. In aggregate, these markets now account for 20% of our portfolio and drive attractive margin accretion on expected double-digit growth. Moving to nine, our organic investments remain our highest priority for capital deployment. We will continue to invest behind our existing businesses regardless of the near-term fluctuations in the macro sentiment. Here, we show some of the most meaningful and high ROI projects for 2025, see a healthy balance between growth capacity expansions, but behind some of our highest priority platforms as well as productivity in an automation investments, including some rooftop consolidations. As for the rooftop consolidation projects are completed in the second half, we will provide the roll forward benefit of the reduction of fixed costs. Going to Slide 10. This slide delineates our current tariff exposure. Clearly, this is a bit of a moving target. And these are annualized costs based on 2024 volumes. Nevertheless, gives you the current situation and the prevailing tariff rates. The takeaway here is that we are a proximity manufacturer. And the costs are embedded in our guidance. I'll leave the rest to Q&A where I'm sure we'll beat this to death. Let's go to Slide 11. We have modestly trimmed our revenue and EPS guidance ranges for the full year to reflect uncertainty of the demand environment in the second half of the year because of the ongoing tariff negotiations. This is purely a top-down mechanical adjustment at this point. Based on the trends in our order rates together with our backlog levels, we are in really good shape for Q2, but I think it's fair to say uncertainty in the tariff environment will have some impact on medium-term demand. As a note, we set our forecast using prevailing exchange rates at the beginning of the quarter and have not adjusted our forecast for any fluctuations in foreign exchange since then, in particular, the euro-dollar rate. Clearly, at current spot rates, the translation headwind is reversing to a tailwind with the euro rallying over 5% of the dollar in the past month. Due to the short-term volatility in foreign exchange, we have chosen to wait until the end of the second quarter to see where it settles. Final note on the current environment tariffs. Like any changes that occur in the macro environment, there's a tendency to focus on the negative implications. While we have spent countless hours over the past month on tariff costs, the supply chain implications by business and region and developing mitigation plans one must not ignore evaluating competitive positioning. We are a proximity manufacturer with our cost and revenue base aligned. We have manageable supply chains. We will implement solutions to offset the cost implications of tariffs and we will push hard for market share gains where we believe we are strategically advantaged. That on a cost or geographic footprint basis. Dover Corporation proved during the pandemic that it can play defense and depend margins in a challenging demand environment. We entered this year with exceptionally good momentum from a product and portfolio perspective, and an advantage balance sheet position that allows us to opportunistically play offense in capital deployment. We will weather this tariff tumult and I would argue that our business leaders are positioned far more on offense than defense at present. Let's go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, we'll take our first from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Yeah. Rich, let me start the dead horse beating here. Just on the tariff side, I wonder I guess this question is there's gonna be some fungibility, right, in what you do on cost, but I'm trying to get a sense of, you know, what you're doing new incremental, to offset tariffs versus what you already had in flight? I mean, sounds like the $60 million reshoring thing you called out is one of them. But just thinking about sort of the cost versus pricing, you know, dynamics that you're doing here? And, how much might have been sort of in the plan now and is going towards tariffs as opposed to potentially upside that we could have had 2025.
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah. I think when we were in the doing all the conferences in the quarter, it was all Mexico and Canada, then we saw this Chinese issue. With the rate. It was a little bit of a surprise, to say the least. As I mentioned in the commentary where we have the exposure, we're out in the market with pricing. Presently. There's a little bit of a lag effect depending on where we are. From an inventory position. But we'll cover that largely with price. But back to what I said at the end in terms of competitive positioning, There are instances where we believe that we're advantaged like meaning that a smaller proportionality of our bill of materials is subject to tariffs, then cases like that, we will take advantage of the cost position that we have vis a vis some of our competitors that have been importing built-up units. So the you know, if you take a look at the chart on 10 I mean, other than China, that's the big number. And of that big number, 60 million is on one particular product line. And that product line, you can see in our first quarter results, we've been a bit little bit careful that's why the volume's down, because we wanted to get the pricing out there. So I know the question's gonna come in the Q&A here. Well, why you're taking revenue down? If all the pricing is coming through, as I mentioned before. I mean, the risk here is not price cost. I think that we've got tailwinds on mix, and I think that we're on the front foot in terms of getting the price out there. It's really it's volume. Right? And it's volume in the second half, and I think that look. I did it. It's not in our forecast, and it's not built in a spreadsheet. I basically said, let's clip off about 1% because we're probably gonna have project drift because of all the delay that we've seen around these tariffs.
Jeff Sprague: And then just, and understood. Thanks for clarifying that. And then just to kind of pick up then, you know, as you mentioned kind of on the conference circuit, right? Through January and February, things seem to be progressing better. It sounded like March was okay or maybe better than okay given the book-to-bills. But maybe just kinda talk about how you exited the quarter and did you see any sort of behavior change anywhere from your customer base you know, kind of post the April 2 announcements?
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah. I mean, look. The margin incremental margin in the quarter was phenomenal. And I guess, I think I would argue we probably outperformed a little bit there, because the margin mix was so healthy. Yeah. The order rates, think, you know, like, you talk to clients, Like I said before, I mean, there's this view of, yeah, we wanna do the projects, but where everybody's kinda getting nervous a little bit, and there's a little bit of a drift there to say. But in terms of our order rates and our shipment rates, we actually accelerated through the quarter. So, you know, like I said, that's why I'm making it it's a sentiment adjustment I'm making, not you know, tangible data of customers saying, I was gonna probably want in Q2, but now I want it in Q3. That type of thing. Our Q2, based on our backlog, should be right on what our forecasts were going through Q1.
Jeff Sprague: Got it. Thanks. I'll leave it there. Appreciate it.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Yeah. Thanks so much. So just a question about bookings. You've highlighted six consecutive quarters of year-over-year bookings growth. But second quarter comp is tougher, and I do appreciate that on a two-year stack. It's maybe not as tough. But, you know, how should we think about just sustainability of bookings growth, and I do appreciate that there may be an air pocket on bookings related to tariffs, but maybe near term, how do you see that?
Richard J. Tobin: I would expect to be over one for Q2. That's my expectation right now. I look you know, we get crazy about this. Bookings are a little bit lumpy. Sometimes, and a lot of it is predicated on what in the last week of the quarter. So I wouldn't flip out if, you know, somebody goes below one. But right now, based on the momentum that we have on bookings going into the quarter and what we know we're quoting on and stacking up there, which it should be okay by the time we get to the end of Q2. But like I said, that's we're gonna see if we can plow through negative sentiment over the next what days we have left here, sixty-five or eight days left in the quarter.
Andrew Obin: Gotcha. And as we think about just pure math on removing percentage point of volume, but then also EPS impact. If you put it together with the beef, we sort of get decrementals on revenue. You know, sort of around 40%. You know, obviously, then there's this FX cushion. So it's just should we just think it as a sort of margin of safety that you've built into forecast, or are there sort of signs to this 40% incremental number?
Richard J. Tobin: There's lots of signs.
Andrew Obin: There's no it was mechanical in nature, and it was basically a hundred million revenue at 38% margin or something like that.
Andrew Obin: Okay. Exactly. Thanks so much.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis: Hey. Good morning, guys, and welcome, Chris, to the call.
Chris Winger: Thanks.
Scott Davis: Rich, the other kind of second derivative of all this chaos is potentially M&A valuations getting a bit lower. Is that something you're kind of I mean, it's probably a little too early to say you're seeing signs of it, but is it something you're anticipating?
Richard J. Tobin: Well, we've only had one meaningful transaction in multi-world. And the valuation was pretty robust at the end of the day. I can tell you anecdotally that I'm aware of a few processes that have been pulled because of uncertainty. So maybe we're gonna have to wait until we get a little clarity on the tariff tumult, and then we'll see when assets come back and the like. I will tell you for ourselves, we're working on a bunch of stuff. A lot of it is proprietary, so it's not in kind of like the public domain of kind of whisper stuff out there. Will valuations come down? I guess so.
Scott Davis: But not from what we've seen, but we've got just got such a limited amount of data so far. That it's hard to tell.
Scott Davis: Yeah. That doesn't surprise me. Not to climb in a minutiae here, but, would you be willing to share the actual growth rate in the thermal connectors? That you had in the quarter?
Richard J. Tobin: I think that we said it was up 50%, I think, something like that. Or over a %. I missed it. Was Comparative growth, not sequential. That would be comparative.
Scott Davis: That's a big number. Alright. I'll pass it on. Thank you, guys.
Richard J. Tobin: Yep. Thanks. Good luck.
Operator: Thanks. Thank you. Next, we'll go to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Good morning.
Operator: Hi.
Steve Tusa: Do you, can you, opine on, like, what your second quarter internal plan roughly looks like?
Richard J. Tobin: No. guidance.
Steve Tusa: Okay. As It's embedded it's embedded in our full year.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Does it look like it's around consensus?
Richard J. Tobin: Yep.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just on the on your kinda tear mitigation, I mean, everybody's kind of giving a little bit of color on the you know, split of what they're planning to do. I mean, should we think about it as first of all, how much of a hit will it be in the near term? And then I assume you're going to kind of work through it in the third and the fourth quarter. And then how much of that is price and how much is kind of these mitigation activities?
Richard J. Tobin: Okay. Well, look, clearly, if we set us if we put all the regions into the manageable category with the exception of Chinese imports, Just if you look at the quantum on the slide, that we can make up a variety of different ways, whether it's productivity or price or hopefully both. On the China one, we will make up largely in price, but I will tell you that we are aggressively negotiating with our suppliers in China about what the split is. So a couple things. I get that the percentage tariff rate right now is extremely high. I don't believe that that is going to last for the balance of the year. So this is just math. Number one. And number two, like I said, they're whether we take the full brunt of the tariffs or not, that's up to our negotiations between what little bit of supply base that we have in China left and our vendors and ourselves. And I can tell you that, anecdotally, at worst, we'll share it.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just one just one last one. You said it was kind of like a top-down approach. I mean $0.10 is kind of rounding error in the end. How did you what what is your macro assumption to a degree? I mean, like, why not 20¢? Why not 30¢? Like, what what what is your you know, what I'm just trying to get a gauge of how well you can manage in the context of, a downside economic scenario. Like like, what are you actually thinking from a top-down? Or was it just like, hey. You know what? 10¢. Let's just strip it out.
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah. It was mechanical. At the end of the day. And like I said in the commentary, you know, what I could've done, I could've given you a bridge and then rerun FX and said, damn, the torpedoes were holding guidance for the year. I don't know of what the derivative of the demand environment is gonna be in the second half. So I basically and so it wasn't like we ran Q3 and Q forecast into these types of scenarios. I just basically clipped it right off the top. Now do I have a variety of different measures baked in there? Sure. Is all the pricing that that we've assumed, the incremental pricing, is that assumed our forecast right now? No. Right? So to the extent that it sticks and volume remains where we think it's gonna be, that's upside. I don't wanna beat the FX thing to death. I would tell you that Q1, corporate costs were high, and we don't expect that to repeat over the balance of the year. So there's a variety of different items that we have. What I can say is I think what we've proven in the past is in a downside scenario, we can flex our cost base relatively quickly.
Steve Tusa: Got it. I don't wanna ask about the torpedo reference. But, thanks a lot.
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe I just wanted to push you a little bit, Rich, on the organic sales assumption. Because I understand you've taken a more cautious view, but you're not seeing anything yet that's concerning from customers. But in the first quarter, your organic sales were up overall around a point, and the full year is guided at the midpoint up three. So I understand you've sort of lowered the original assumption for organic sales growth for the year. But it's still an acceleration versus the first quarter. So maybe sort of help us understand which businesses you're most confident in will see that step up in growth. Please?
Richard J. Tobin: Well, yeah, Julian, as you know, if you go back and look at the seasonality of our portfolio, we tend to be relatively low growth and build inventory in Q1, and then step it up in Q2 and Q3. And then Q4 is always a little bit depending on what our view is about. The following year whether we run production performance. So you've heard that speech before. So seasonality says that we should jump in Q2. Like I said, Q2 from a backlog perspective, we can see it. So unless we start getting cancellations around here, think that we're confident in terms of what the step up is in Q2. We'll watch order rates going through Q2, which would give us clarity on top line for Q3, but it's a little bit early to tell. I don't even think we have even anecdotal data yet in as we get as we're in Q2 right now, but I'm not hearing anybody squealing that their orders order rates are falling off a cliff. So we feel really good about Q2 because of the backlog, so that would support what our assumptions were for Q2. So, basically, what I did was trim off the back end of the year just because of we need to see get some visibility.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just a second question on the operating margins and the tariffs. So just to understand, is the main assumption that the net, dollar tariff effect for the full year is around zero. And just if that's a firm-wide number, is there any aspect whereby you may be a negative in a given quarter? And any color on which segment you think might have the biggest tariff risk?
Richard J. Tobin: How do I wanna respond to that? Okay. I understand what you're saying. Right? If we were net neutral for pricing and tariff cost, it's dilutive to margins. But that has an underlying assumption of, first of all, if you look at those numbers, and you back out that the Chinese number is a full-year number, we've already got a quarter under our belt that didn't exist, and we don't expect it to last for the balance of the year, what are we talking about here at the end of the day in terms of if was the scenario? To me, that gets eaten up in mix. In every segment, maybe with the exception of Mark and Mamaj, which it's relatively easy to calculate at the end of the day. So I'm not you know, if any kind of movement in margin is going to be on intra-segment mix far more on price cost because of tariff.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we're going to take our question from Michael Halloran with Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Halloran: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Richard J. Tobin: Morning.
Michael Halloran: So could you just give any thought process on if seeing any difference between your OpEx steady state consumable type businesses versus more your CapEx longer cycle type pieces in terms of orders or commentary from customers at this point?
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah. I mean, the CapEx ones are the ones we're keeping a close eye on. Right? So the volume churn, maybe that's not the right word on kind of the flow businesses, We just watch that on a daily basis, and then we just take a look at it. The ones that we really gotta keep a look on is our customers' CapEx projects that we are a precursor or a component supplier into it, and that's where the concern is. Is everybody just gonna keep going along? We gonna run into a situation of, you know, I'm worried about the macro, and I wanna see some clarity the things get delayed a little bit. So that's the part that we're working on the most, and that's really the reason that we gave a little bit of haircut to the total volume for the year because if you get you know, another month or so of drift, you're not gonna be able to make it up in the balance of the year. So clearly, right now, the flow portion of the business is going well. But we'll keep an eye on it. It's the one that we really gotta pay attention to. Is customer CapEx where we're a supplier into it.
Michael Halloran: And is the implication there, Rich, have you seen a little bit of drift in the CapEx piece, or you just worried that the drift will come?
Richard J. Tobin: I'm worried. Right. I can't see it in the order rates. Right? So we just have anecdotal conversations with all of our business leaders that are talking to these customers of and all the customers are saying, no. Not everything's on path. Everything's on path. But experience says, when you get into a situation like this, could you get some drift? Sure. Right? Is it gonna be meaningful over the long term? It's irrelevant. At the end of the day, but we're just trying to be prudent.
Michael Halloran: Yep. Nope. Makes sense. And then just on the inventory side of things, how would you characterize your inventory and then your content in the channel? How would you characterize that inventory level?
Richard J. Tobin: I think we did a great job at inventory. We actually have more inventory than we would like. But I think we're on the front foot of bringing in a bunch of inventory. Either because of issues around tariffs or buying forward because metal pricing was quite good for us in Q4. So we basically had our businesses postured going into this year. Of let's stack up on some inventory because if demand is good and we get the top line of 5%, let's make sure that we're able to work supply chains and everything else because we know we can bleed it off in the back half of the year anyway. So right now, with the one exception on the structural steel around vehicle services group, which we will take our time. Because it may be prudent to wait to see if we get a tariff settlement. And then just catch up on the volume in the back end of the year. That's the only one I can think of where we're being careful around tariffs as it relates to inventory.
Michael Halloran: Makes sense. Really appreciate it. Thanks.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. So look, in the spirit of sweating the small stuff here, if we look at the top line guide that the point cuts the top line, if we decompose that between price and volume, is it, is there, like, a two-point cut to volumes and maybe a point higher price to offset the tariffs? And then if we then take that thought a little bit further, would that mean maybe a three to four-point cut to the volumes in the back half of the year? Just trying to judge how conservative the opposition in the back half of the year.
Richard J. Tobin: Nigel, I don't know. Right? Like I said, it's a mechanical adjustment. It's not a spreadsheet where we basically said, let's see all the price increases and then, you know, and then on static volume, it is more or less let's just take 1% off at current conversion margin and be done with it. I can't predict mix and from a portfolio of this diverse over the next three quarters. And split it between price and volume. If volume stays at what we thought it was going to be going into the year, and we get price, right, then clearly, that's some upside. But getting all these prices, that gonna have a detriment on volume? And who knows at this point? Right? So I think that we need to get through another quarter here and maybe get some clarity of where we are on this tariff tumult, and then we can start breaking this down into individual cells on a spreadsheet. But it's inclination rather than some mathematical adjustment.
Nigel Coe: Okay. No. That's very clear. Thanks, Rich. And then just a couple of quick ones. Margins, obviously, were great. Normally, 1Q is the low point. I realize mix is an issue, but would you expect 1Q to be the low point for PPS? And then did we detect a glimmer of hope in European heat pumps? Just any thoughts there.
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah. It's a glimmer of hope. So sequentially up if you remember, our orders were up in Q4 on heat pumps. I mean, albeit off of a pretty low base. So European heat pumps have outperformed our internal forecast for the last two quarters. So we'll take it as good news there. Now that's being augmented by the rep you know, that speed heat exchangers goes into a variety of different applications. But yes, we were seeing orders which is good news because that means that the inventory in the system has been largely depleted at this point. What was the first question?
Nigel Coe: The PPS margins.
Richard J. Tobin: Oh, PPS margins. I think you gotta be careful with that. Because MOG was down because it had a bad comp. So as MOG DPC come up, they're great margin businesses, but they're dilutive to that. So I think you'd be a little careful about whether that thing keeps going up. I hope it does. But you do have a mix effect on the balance of the portfolio. So you have to be careful.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks, George.
Richard J. Tobin: Yep.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe O'Dea: Hi. Good morning. Can just expand on the proximity manufacturer considerations here? Where in the business you would have some of the bigger advantages, any positions where you would yourself as being a little bit disadvantaged?
Richard J. Tobin: Not without giving out a lot of proprietary information about our view of the competitive stack by business. I can just tell you that we have competitors that import fully built-up units of product that compete with us where we manufacture in The United States may and maybe have subcomponents that are imported. But as a percentage of the bill of materials, it's significantly lower. So we're on the lookout. To take advantage of that, and that will all be around pricing. Right? Because everybody's gonna go out a bunch of pricing. And the signaling, and then you're gonna max then you're gonna start doing the calculations between market share gains and price cost. And a variety of things like that. So we do that work every year around here. So when things like this happened or when it happened back in 2020, we have different strategies by business relative to the cost basis of their competitors.
Joe O'Dea: And then on, on vehicle lift, to expand on that dynamic a little bit to try to understand how much is your managing the timing of demand for moves in the manufacturing base versus underlying CapEx demand trends where there's a little bit of a pause? It doesn't sound like you're seeing much pause in the businesses, but just trying to understand how you manage the timing.
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah. If you remember how this whole tariff thing lifted off, it was all around auto and all around NAFTA and auto is the one that bore the brunt of it. Number one. And number two, you know, we had big discussions. It seems like a long time ago. It's probably like, sixty days ago about the consumer and inflation on the consumer. And this is a particular product that unlike the vast majority of our portfolio that has got auto and consumer exposure. So you would expect the reaction there to be the quickest and we've seen that in terms of volume. And coupled on that, now we've got happens to be the one business that we have that's got a higher exposure in terms of imported components particularly from China. So some of that is market and some of that is self-inflicted from a timing point of view. We put a bunch of pricing out there. And we'll see what happens in terms of demand or and price cost going forward. Here?
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: Yep.
Operator: Take our next question from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, good morning, guys. Joe, morning. So I hey. So I know you don't wanna give us a 2Q guide, but let me just kind of ask a question on organic growth because it is the one quarter that you guys have a great deal of visibility on. So is it fair to say that the growth rate you're expecting at this point in 2Q would be above the 2% to 4% range for the year?
Richard J. Tobin: No. I don't think so.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. But within the range?
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah. Fair enough.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. And then I wanted to just ask a question. I know we don't usually spend a lot of time on DII, but, I think I heard you say that you expect it to be the greatest margin expansion story for the from the segment perspective this year. Just talk us through some of these structural cost actions that are occurring in the business and maybe what the ballpark expectations are for margins? This year?
Richard J. Tobin: Well, I'll let me answer the DII question. That's not where we expect the largest pharmacy expansion. That would be in clean energy and fueling where we expect the largest absolute margin from a year-over-year point of view. Now DII, on the other hand, if you go back and look historically in terms of margin, I would I'm doing this out of my head, but it almost seems like it's about a hundred to a 25 basis points of margin expansion per year over the last five years if you strip out Right. Kinda COVID year where it's all over the place. So not to take away anything from the management team, of DII, which has done a fantastic job in terms of their cost to serve. On relatively, you know, single lower single-digit volume growth that the absolute profit or cash flow generated by that business has been exemplary. On the clean energy side, that's where we've done the restructuring in the prior year. So you got the roll forward. What we try to signal here on that slide about our CapEx projects We told you that we're doing a bunch of acquisitions. And that we were gonna begin to intervene on the footprint. In 2025. We're ready to get that all kicked off. And as we kick it off largely in the back half of the year, give you the restructuring charges, and we'll give you the roll forward benefit going into '26. Yep. So it's a combination of volume that we're getting We got a really healthy mix as opposed to the previous year in that segment, and then you got roll forward restructuring benefit this year and another set of roll forward coming for next year. Gonna get that business to 25% EBITDA margin.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Super helpful. Thanks for the clarification.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hi. Rich, just following up on DPVS. You mentioned a tough comp. It MOG in Q1 and pumps and process still put up 7% revenue growth and over 30% margin. So I think given mild comps get easier now in Q2, does Pumps and Process potentially continue to accelerate here? And I think you said in the recent past that biopharma was trending up higher than your low teens forecast for twenty-five. I think today you talked about thermal connectors up triple digits. Other business is going to continue to run hotter for the rest of the year, you think?
Richard J. Tobin: Not at the rates that it's going at. I mean, we're kind of in the lift-off phase. It's gonna know, look, if we can post 35% operating margins and 7% growth for the balance of the year, it would be a fantastic result. I think that just the compounding effect of that growth just gets tougher and tougher, and you run into market limitations and capacity limitations of the market at the end of the day. I think that we're really, really and the gain on share of those particular product lines in the two sides. But I don't think let's not overlay something that's not realistic in terms of an acceleration from here.
Andy Kaplowitz: It's helpful. And maybe just looking a little more closely at DCF because I think in the recent past, you've mentioned you expect your cryo-related businesses not having to grow double digits. What are you seeing there? I know you, you know, you're forecasting mid-single digit for the year. Last quarter, you started at 2%. That's obviously not bad. But is there anything holding that business down on the revenue?
Richard J. Tobin: That's got a lot of that that's got a flow portion of the business, and then it's got a project-related portion of the business. The flow part of the business is doing well when we talk about the, like, the cryogenic component side of it, and then you've got project. Right? And the project side is the whole retail fueling side is project-related, which we did terrifically, which drove the margin in Q1. We expect that to kind of go through, but we have to be a little bit cautious on the project side because that goes into that's customer CapEx. At the end of the day, and we're trying to get some clarity of where we go from there. But the setup itself in terms of the margin mix of where the demand's coming from, and the structural cost takeout makes us feel pretty good no matter what the back half dynamic is in that particular place.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate the color.
Richard J. Tobin: Yep.
Operator: And our last question comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning. Thanks. Just want to come back to price. So you the incremental price not fully baked in the guide, but I guess in terms of what you've announced to the channel and customers, do you have all the price out there that you need to mitigate the tariffs for this year?
Richard J. Tobin: I hope so. If we could get some clarity on what the tariffs are actually going to be for the year. Just put out pricing last night. I saw I got an email. So I think the vast majority of it, it's out there. But it's a little bit of a moving target. Under the current circumstances. Then price is always signaling at the end of the day, and there's a lag time in price. So it's not as if, you know, we raise prices tonight. We gotta burn the backlog off and, you know, the drill. So I think everything that we know about is out there. We'll see about realization.
Brett Linzey: Yep. Makes sense. And then maybe just shifting back to FX, so headwind flipping to a tailwind here. And understandably, there's the gyrations you don't wanna mark to market. But I guess if you were to strike the line today, how are you thinking about the net impact with all the hedges and everything in terms of the tailwind at today's rates?
Richard J. Tobin: I think the last time we ran it, for what we trimmed out of the guidance we'd put it right back on FX.
Brett Linzey: Yep. Believe it or not. Alright. Got it. Yep. Thanks a lot.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question and answer period. Endover's first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. You may disconnect your line at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-30 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Jack Dickens, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Also present today is Chris Woenker, Dover’s Segment and Chief Financial Officer who will succeed Mr. Cerepak upon his retirement at the end of the month. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. And I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Margo. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of the call will be available on our website through February 20th, and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for 90 days. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Jack. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on Page 3. Overall, we are encouraged by the fourth quarter. Top line performance was broad-based with four out of five segments posting positive organic growth unsold underlying demand across the portfolio. Bookings were up 7% organically in the quarter driven by robust order rates and our secular growth exposed markets as well as positive inflection and several end markets that have tough comps during the year. Our bookings strength validates our previous demand outlook for 2025. Segment margin performance for the quarter was solid at 22.2%, up 60 basis points over the prior year. We are quite encouraged by the product mix impact and prior period fixed cost restructuring on segment margins during the quarter. We expect this to be a precursor of the strong incremental margin performance that we expect in 2025. Excluding the $0.25 of tax reorganization benefit to our effective tax rate in fourth quarter of the prior year Q4 adjusted EPS grew 14% in the quarter and was up 8% for the full year. Our operational results were complemented by our ongoing portfolio actions. We recently closed two bolt on acquisitions within our high priority pumps and process solutions segment and our acquisition pipeline remains robust. We ended the year with a significant cash position that provides us flexibility as we pursue value creating capital deployment to further expand our businesses in high growth, high margin priority platforms through organic investment and acquisitions. We are optimistic about 2025. Underlying demand strength has continued across the portfolio into January. We have significant runway for margin improvement through organic growth, positive mix benefits and numerous cost and performance levers. We have high confidence in Dover's attractive end market exposures, flexible business model and proven execution playbook. With this backdrop, we are poised to deliver double digit EPS growth in 2025 through a combination of accretive top line growth, margin improvement and value creating capital allocation. Let's skip to slide 5. Engineered Products was up 2% organically in the quarter on volume growth in vehicle service and fluid dispensing. Aerospace and defense was lower in the period due to shipment timing but still posted a record year on growing global demand for signal intelligence and electronic warfare solutions. Clean Energy & Fueling was up 8% organically in the quarter led by robust order rates and shipments within cryogenic and clean energy components as well as solid volume growth in retail fueling equipment. Our North American above ground fueling business is methodically building back the volumes from peak EMV cycle from several years ago. Importantly, there was notable growth inflection in mix, accretive vehicle wash and below ground retail fueling in the quarter which had faced tough market conditions over the last two years. Margin was up 200 basis points in the quarter on positive volume leverage, attractive mix and operational execution. We expect these trends to continue to drive margins higher in 2025. Imaging & Identification posted another solid quarter with growth in core marketing, coating, printers, consumable services and aftermarket parts. Margin performance was robust as management actions on cost to serve and structural cost controls continued to drive incremental margins higher. Pumps & Process Solutions was up 3% organically on robust shipments in single use biopharma components and thermal connectors, both of which posted year-over-year bookings growth in excess of 100% in the quarter. Precision components and industrial pumps had solid results as well as forecasted. The long cycle polymer processing equipment was down year-over-year in the period but was flat sequentially. Segment revenue mix drove 230 basis points of margin improvement on excellent production performance on volume growth in biopharma and thermal and margin mix benefits from the FW Murphy acquisition. Revenue was down in the quarter in climate sustainability technologies and expected declines in European heat exchanges and beverage making can making equipment which more than offset the record quarterly volume in U.S. CO2 refrigeration systems and growth in heat exchangers in the U.S. and Asia. Our shipments of heat exchangers for heat pumps in Europe did improve sequentially in the quarter, a trend we expect to accelerate in the back half of 2025 as the end market recovers. Organic bookings were up 16% in the quarter with positive booking momentum across each operating business with particular strength in CO2 systems. I'll pass it to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Rich. Good morning everyone. Let's go to our cash flow statement on slide 6. Adjusting for taxes paid on the gains on dispositions which are non-operational in nature, our free cash flow was $429 million in the quarter or 22% of revenue. Our fourth quarter was our highest cash flow quarter of the year in line with historical trends. We are pleased with our full year adjusted free cash flow generation which came in at 13.5% of revenue within our guidance range despite carrying large accounts receivable balances at the year end. That will be a credit to early 2025 cash generation. Our guidance for 2025 free cash flow is 14% to 16% of revenue on strong conversion of operating cash flow. We are forecasting slightly higher CapEx in 2025 on several growth investments. With that, I'll turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks. I'm on slide 7. Here we provide a little more detail on the bookings momentum in the fourth quarter. Q4 marked our fifth consecutive quarter of positive year-over-year bookings growth posting a book-to-bill above one. As shown in the segment detail on the right, the bookings rates were broad based with particular strength in our secular growth exposed markets, providing a strong foundation as we move into 2025. Slide 8 highlights several end markets that were driving our consolidated organic growth forecast. Between end market data, our customer forecasts and our own booking rates, we are encouraged with the outlook in the broader industrial gas complex within Clean Energy & Precision Components, single use biopharma components, CO2 refrigeration systems and inputs into liquid cooling applications of data centers which include our connectors as well as heat exchangers. We have made significant organic and inorganic investment behind these end markets which will continue to prioritize into 2025. In aggregate, these markets now account for 20% of our portfolio and drive attractive margin accretion on expected double digit growth rates. Moving to Slide 9, we expect Engineered Products to grow low single digits organically on sustained strong orders and shipments within aerospace and defense which should be levered to the second half of the year due to the timing of government programs. With the divestitures of De-Sta-Co and Environmental Service Solutions Group in 2024, our Engineered Products segment now accounts for roughly 15% of our total portfolio down from 25% in the prior year. We are optimistic about the growth outlook in Clean Energy & Fueling which should return to positive volume growth due to strength in Clean Energy components, fluid transport and above ground fueling. We expect this segment to be among the leaders in margin accretion in 2025 on volume leverage positive mix from below ground fueling. Additionally, we can expect additional carryover of multiyear restructuring actions and acquisition integration benefits which will primarily accrue in the second half of the year. We expect Imaging ID to continue its long-term steady growth trajectory given its significant reoccurring revenue base and solid demand profile across all geographies. Management has done yeoman's work to improve the margin here through productivity and structural cost controls and we believe there are multiple years ahead of continued margin accretion. Underlying demand trends across Pumps & Process Solutions remain solid. Shipments of single use biopharma components should continue their double digit growth rate driven by production growth in blockbuster drugs and the emergence of novel technologies such as cell and gene therapies and the continued secular shift towards single use manufacturing. The outlook for thermal connectors for liquid cooling data centers is robust. Our preemptive capacity expansion has allowed us to maintain industry best lead times in what has turned out to be a short cycle business. Our precision components business is directly levered to energy complex investments, so we are quite interested to see how that plays out in 2025. Finally, climate and sustainability technology should recover well as difficult comps roll off in heat exchangers and beverage can making with the recent launch of our high capacity platform and CO2 refrigeration systems, we have the broadest product offering in the industry. We are currently taking orders well into the second half of 2025 and should continue to grow at double digit rate due to the broad based adoption of among national retailers. Heat Exchanger expected to grow as European heat foam channel inventories have been largely depleted, we are forecasting sustained growth in North American heat exchanger. We have completed a capacity expansion for large format production driven in part by liquid cooling applications in data centers. Our guidance, [ph] let me finish up on slide 10. Our guidance this year is a bit unique since we provided preliminary outlook for 2025 during last quarter's earnings release which we felt was necessary given the significant portfolio moves completed in Q4. Our 2025 guidance is in line that preliminary outlook from a quarter ago in terms of organic revenue and EPS growth with the underlying building blocks intact. There has only been one noteworthy change from last quarter which is heightened foreign exchange translation headwind from the strengthening U.S. dollar. While this incremental headwind which is by no means unique to Dover, we are confident in holding our full year guide due to the positive and broad based bookings momentum we had during the year. So pretty much we're going to eat everything that we saw when we ran from October to January in terms of FX which is not a little bit. We entered 2025 in advantaged cash position. Our preference is to deploy capital towards organic growth investments and our inorganic growth pipeline which has improved in both quantity and quality of opportunities over the last several months. Rest assured we will proceed with the capital discipline that we have demonstrated in the past. Finally, before we move to Q&A, I'd like to take a moment to recognize and congratulate Brad on his retirement. Since joining Dover over 15 years ago, he has been instrumental strategic and financial leader who has helped transform Dover to our current operating structure today. I'm sure Brad couldn't think of a better send off than to spend his last days preparing for this earnings call. On behalf of all of us, thank you and we wish you all the best.
Brad Cerepak: Thank you for that Rich. Much appreciated. It's been absolutely a pleasure to work with you, the entire Dover team, our board and of course the finance organization for so many years. Chris Winkler will take it from here and I wish him the very best. Okay, I think we can go to Q&A here, Jack.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll now take our first question from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey, good morning. Brad, congrats and thanks for all the help over the years. You've definitely seen a lot there, a lot of change. So congrats on the run. The slide last quarter talked about 40% conversion and $25 million of restructuring benefits. This slide says 40% plus. Are you still assuming the $25 million of restructuring benefits? I don't know. There's a lot of up arrows on that margin slide. So just maybe help calibrate us a bit on the margin drivers and price cost.
Brad Cerepak: Sure. Like the restructuring benefit hasn't changed. As I mentioned last quarter we've got some more in the pipe and when we do it, we'll give you the roll forward benefit of it which is not embedded into our forecast presently. The balance of it is mix. So if you look at the margin accretion that we saw in Q4, I think it's a pretty good precursor of what we can expect and then we'll see from there. Then it's just a question of kind of the volume that we see. So right now we're going to stick to the 40 I think. I don't see that going up in a percentage basis. It will be more tied to are we underestimating the revenue growth potential in the 2025? Bookings look great, but let's see, let's get through a quarter or two.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And price cost, what do you guys assume for price on the year and will that spread be positive?
Brad Cerepak: It will be positive. Not a lot either way in terms of benefit, point, point and a half. We'll see. It depends on the mix that we get, but it will be positive.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. Thanks again, Brad. Congrats.
Operator: Thank you. And next we'll take a question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, Brad. I'm sure you're going to get a lot of congratulations and all that, but you've been at Dover for a long time. You've been the one sort of constant for the last 15 years. So it's quite a moment here. So congratulations.
Brad Cerepak: Thank you. Thank you so much.
Nigel Coe: No, no, Rich, you mentioned January and whenever you mention sort of current within the current period, it always sparks a bit of attention. I'm just curious if you think that tariffs or the potential for tariffs is causing any sort of unusual behavior around the supply chain that you touch?
Richard Tobin: No, we don't see it. I mean we're generally speaking a proximity manufacturer. So our backlogs are more influenced on the lead times of the individual products which are kind of all over the place between the short cycle and the long cycle. No, we don't see any. Let's get in front of this because we think that there's going to be tariffs. We have a few businesses that are global in nature, but the vast majority of it is proximity.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then just a quick question on the margin outlook. You mentioned CEF is going to be the margin leader. I'm just curious if we could just maybe just. If I could just ask if the 20% plus handle would be reasonable there, just based on what we saw this quarter. And then similar vein with DPPS, just given the exit rate, would a 30 handle be reasonable for this year?
Richard Tobin: Look, I think that the absolute change in margin we would expect in DCEF, we are driving at the segment level in excess of 20. All right. You may not get it every quarter depending on the cyclicality of it, but clearly at an exit rate in excess of 20 on DPPS, it's all about the mix. So if we're under calling Biopharma and we get better results there, that clearly that will mix up. But, if Precision Components does better, it's a little bit dilutive, but it's still at 25% margin so we'll take it all day long. So it's more a question of what we get in terms of mix going from here.
Nigel Coe: Okay, fair enough. Thanks, Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll next go to Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning everyone.
Brad Cerepak: Hi Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Brad, thanks for all your help. Congrats.
Brad Cerepak: Thank you.
Andy Kaplowitz: Rich. Thank you. Book-to-bill over one again in Q4. Are you thinking 2025 is another year where all or most of your quarters could achieve book-to-bill out or over one? And I know you're expecting an inflection in CO2 orders. It looks like you got that. And you mentioned the double digit expected growth in that business is expected to continue. But given recovery in other DCST businesses, at least in terms of orders, it seems like you expect DCST bookings momentum to continue. Maybe you can comment on that specifically.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean I would expect based on our growth rate, we'll hover around one. I mean, I don't think we get all excited if it's 0.981 quarter but we should hover around 1 for the year and then we'll make a call on Q4 as we exit. Yes, I mean, we did get some bookings in Q4 in CO2 systems. We've got a lot coming our way, so I would expect bookings to look good there. Coupled with the fact maybe not in Q1, but as we go into Q2, we'll inflect positive bookings in Heat Exchanger. So that will help in terms of effect.
Andy Kaplowitz: Got it. And then can you give us a little more color into how you think about earnings cadence through the year? It seems like we start out pretty slowly in terms of organic growth in Q1 given DCST and DP could start slowly in terms of growth, but more color on Q1 and the trajectory for the rest of the year would be helpful.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean, it'll go back to, now that we're beyond kind of all the COVID stuff and we'll go back to, we'll start off a little slowly. We'll probably build a bunch of inventory in Q1 that will recognize those revenues in Q2 and Q3. And then Q4, like every other year, we'll decide on the outlook of 2025, how we run production, but we'll make those decisions in the August, September timeframe. So, yes, I mean, I think that. I think quarter to quarter will look okay, but I mean, it will be a ramp into Q2 and Q3.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we're next going to take our next question from Joe Richie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, guys, good morning. And Brad, thanks so much. Wishing you nothing but the best.
Brad Cerepak: Thank you.
Joe Ritchie: Maybe let's just. I'll just hone my questions in on DCST. Rich, maybe talk a little bit about like what you're seeing in that European heat pump market now expecting, growth in 2025. I think you maybe mentioned inventories have also stabilized there. Just give us some color on what you're seeing there.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, the margin performance that you see for us in Q4 is us basically under producing severely. So it was a willful attempt to force inventory clearing out of the channel. But having said that, orders inflected positively, let's not get excited off of some pretty low levels. So I would say that we did our part to allow inventory to clear and just sequentially orders are coming up. It's probably still got a bad comp in Q1, but then from there we would expect to ramp over the balance of the year. What that ramp looks like we're taking our best estimates right now. As you know, getting good data out of out of our own customers has been quite difficult. But we would expect, I think that we've got a prudent outlook for it and hopefully it gets sequentially better over the year. But what we're confident about is we took some direct action to allow inventory to clear in the back half of the year.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. So as you think about then kind of like the rates starting point for margins for that segment, given that you took that big hit in the fourth quarter, how do you think about then the margin trajectory in 2025? It would seem like you should get some pretty good margin expansion in that business.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean once we lap Q1, Q1 is always a little bit messy because in traditional refrigeration equipment it's not a heavy shipment. We tend to build inventory there as opposed to shipping it. And as I said, SWEP on heat exchangers has probably got a tough comp there. Having said all that that we were very pleased with the margin that we got, the exit margin that we got of refrigeration. So that's what we're booking in for the balance of the year. And to the extent we under produce so severely in heat exchangers, we have like negative fixed cost absorption there in Q4. We'd expect that to get better over time. So net, net if you just look through the downturn in heat exchangers, with all the progress that we made on refrigeration, we would expect that we would be maybe not at record margins because I'd have to kind of triangulate for Belvac a little bit. But some very good margins in that segment if we were to benchmark it historically.
Joe Ritchie: Great to hear. Thanks guys.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Thanks, good morning and best of luck to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thank you.
Brett Linzey: Hey I wanted to come back to the bio orders really strong. I guess any detail in the nature of the applications you're winning? And any concentration, is there 1 to 2 customers? Is it fairly broad-based? And then how should we think about that delivery schedule?
Richard Tobin: It is broad-based. I mean, we cleared inventory in the back half -- or the front half of this year and then you started orders inflected and I think it more or less at the end of second quarter. We don't know a lot in terms of where it ends up because there's a big portion that's sell-through from our clients at the end of the day. But I think I would categorize it as -- we are a supplier to end-use production and that the inventory is cleared out of the system and that those units are operating now, and it's just pull through.
Brett Linzey: It makes sense. And then just a follow-up on the liquid cooling, very strong demand, again, obviously, with everything that's going on. But maybe talk about that specification process with those partners. And how large has the total addressable market for Dover grown over the last couple of years? And where do you think your share of that can run?
Richard Tobin: Well, it's grown significantly because it was a traditional product of ours that have been supplied into supercomputing applications. What the TAM is, is anybody's guess right now. If you go back and look at the transcript, I think that we made the right decision in terms of having the product available, and we made the right decision to build out the capacity in advance of the demand because it has turned out what I would have thought to be a business that would have because of the build-out time for these data centers that you would know when the orders are coming. It's turned out to be a very short cycle business for us. So the data that we get on where the product is going, is almost at the last minute. Now we've been a market share winner here because we've got the capacity installed to the detriment of some of the working capital, I would say, in the fourth quarter of this year, but I can't even give you TAM numbers, quite frankly. I don't think anybody knows. We'll see how it plays out. But right now, super proud of the management team in terms of how they've managed an incredibly complex situation.
Brett Linzey: Appreciate the detail.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Halloran with Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Halloran: Hey good morning everyone. And congrats, Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thank you.
Michael Halloran: So just another high-level question here. Just to make sure I understand the cadence through the year. And in answer to the earlier question, the thought process then if I think about typical earnings by quarter, relatively normal or a little subdued in the first and then build it up in the back. But then related, are you basically assuming the underlying demand dynamics are relatively stable with current levels, not improving, not getting worse, but relatively stable in normal sequentials? Is that the thought process?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think the sequential should be relatively stable and typically from a calendarization point of view. So there's nothing -- and the mix benefit should be relatively stable. But when we're talking about the incremental growth on the roll forward, then you're going to get the most of the growth in Q2 and Q3. So it doesn't leg down and then leg up. It kind of just sequentially rolls forward, the mix impact on the business should be relatively stable right? Because that's -- if you look at the order rates, that's what we're going to be shipping out of. And then the growth that we're getting, which we'll be producing in Q1 will be shipped out in Q2 and Q3. That's our estimates right now.
Michael Halloran: Yes. That makes sense. And then just an update on the M&A side. Any change to what you're seeing from a backdrop, actionability and the amount of content that might be in the market at some point?
Richard Tobin: Yes, lots of stuff coming. We're really interested to see what the spirits are out there and what -- we'd like to see a couple of transactions to get done. There's quite a few in the pipe to see at what -- how aggressive everybody is going to be at valuation. But those are the ones everybody knows about. We've also got a handful of very interesting proprietary deals that we're working on. So we'll see. I mean we're very popular in multi-industrial world because of all the cash that we're sitting on. So we're seeing a lot time will tell about what multiples look like when we see a couple of transactions.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. And keep in mind that that cash on the balance sheet right now is not deployed in our forecast. It's generating nice interest income, so it doesn't earn a hole in our pocket, so to speak. And when you think about your models, just keep in mind that we're sticking to our year-over-year concept around interest income until we deploy that capital. And then you'll see a shift between the interest line and the segment performance line as we do deal flow.
Michael Halloran: Thanks guys.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks, good morning and Brad, thanks for all the help. If we think about just the segment level, I wanted to start with clean energy and fueling -- it seemed like you did see some very encouraging signs exiting the year in below ground and vehicle wash. And as we're thinking about the 2025 guidance, maybe help us understand kind of how much of the business now are you going to sort of come together fairly regrowth there differ this year versus the more traditional parts of DCEF.
Richard Tobin: Okay. I'm going to have to go back and look, but I would think in terms of absolute profit, it is the largest contributor year-over-year, that segment. And that's a combination of restructuring benefits, growth mix on growth and acquisitions that we had done in the prior period that actually calendarized at 12 months. Breaking it into pieces, I think that we'll let Jack take you through it, but we had -- in terms of the cryogenic component exposure, we are significantly larger than our nearest competitor.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful, thank you. And then secondly, on engineered products, there's been a lot of change in the business mix there. Aerospace and Defense, a big old -- waiting now within DEP. And maybe remind us of kind of the main exposures there because it looks like the volumes there were down in the fourth quarter but should grow this year as a whole in DEP. Maybe kind of remind us sort of what's moving around in that? And what's the visibility on that second half improvement in the A&D shipments?
Richard Tobin: The comp was bad in Q4, and that drove the commentary, which is timing of shipments, which I think that we had some pretty big shipments in Q4 of 2023. Having said that, the business is -- it's big as it's ever been in terms of its absolute size because we've actually been an acquirer in there. In terms of the calendarization, I'd have to go and work with Jack to see what 2025 looks like, but it is posted to grow year-over-year and having a positive margin mix benefit on that growth.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey thanks, good morning everyone. Congrats, Brad admit, but we go back American Standard, Honeywell Allied.
Brad Cerepak: I know, a lot of years, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Most the high school. Maybe a CFO question to start. Just on kind of interest income for that color. I assume rates are a little bit more favorable on sitting on cash than maybe you thought if you were thinking about the Fed maybe address it if that is, in fact, helpful. And then also, I just wanted to clarify, that guide that you're talking about is really only accounting for cash on hand. It doesn't look like you're giving yourself any credit for just a very solid free cash flow generation you're expecting in 2025?
Brad Cerepak: No, I think it's inclusive. But we have uses of that cash flow like we normally do, right? So we'll have to see, it is volatile in the sense of how many rate cuts will there be next year? We model it out. And when I say we're sticking with our year-over-year that we guided back or gave insight into in the third quarter. It is all inclusive for sure. But capital deployment will impact it, Jeff, and there's a lot of variables. So I think at this stage, give us a quarter to sort it out and see how deals actually flow through, and then we'll be able to give you more insight into it.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then Rich, on DII, just maybe a little bit more color there, right? Demand trends are giving us a solid green pie, but we're growing low single digit. I'm guessing it's just sort of the fashion fabric or whatever you call that piece of the business is really still lagging and holding back the base. Is that what's going on? Maybe a little more color there.
Richard Tobin: It's just de minimis in terms of the revenue and earnings at this point. So we're not modeling in any kind of snapback in terms of performance. Credit to the management team, the margin accretion and has even lapped that business declining over the last 3 years through improving the profitability of the core Marketing and Coating business. As I mentioned in my comments, we've got some other efficiency programs, if you will, laid in for 2025 that should help the accretion there. So let's just call it on the textile stuff, the bottoming has taken place, but it's de minimis now in terms of the earnings of the group.
Jeffrey Sprague: So the low single-digit growth just reflects then what's the normalization on the equipment side, after a little bit of a bumpy [indiscernible].
A - Richard Tobin: But this 1 has got a ton of FX in it, and it flops around between equipment and consumables. So we don't get all bent out of shape quarter-to-quarter. We look at this -- this business really on a full year basis. It grows 2% to 4% at the end of the day. So I wouldn't intra-quarter volatility is almost meaningless.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. I was talking about the outlook, but -- good to go. I'll leave it there. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Hi guys, good morning. Yes. We'll try and congrats Brad on his retirement. It was a pleasure. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Still saying we when he answers the question.
Andrew Obin: I know.
Richard Tobin: It's encouraging because...
Andrew Obin: That's good.
Richard Tobin: We're going to be here through capital deployment.
Andrew Obin: I'm binge watching, severance, these days. So just 2025 outlook for growth in vehicle wash is much better than the commentary from peers, and I would also say above ground is turning. Do you think you're gaining share? Or is it a real turn in the market right?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I got to be careful with the peer commentary in vehicle wash because a lot of them own distribution and operate sites. We don't. We're purely equipment manufacturer. I think the commentary around that it’s gotten better, but it's not inflected super better, but even a little bit better on a margin point of view, it's positive. I think the real material inflection that we're seeing there if we take the cryogenic side and put it aside, is the mix impact -- a couple of things. The mix impact below ground, which has been pretty depressed for 2 years or 3 years now, which is highly margin accretive. That's good. A lot of the restructuring we did last year is in this particular segment. So that's where the flow-through comes in, which is good. And then the cryogenic piece, I talked about at length into Q3. That we -- we're going to go through a big integration year here and expect to get the integration benefits of those prior period acquisitions, probably levered towards the second half of this year. So it's got a lot of kind of non-revenue benefit under number one and number two, mix is improving.
Andrew Obin: Excellent, thank you for an extensive answer. And just a simple question for Colder [ph]. Do you think that business can double this year given sort of the underlying growth in liquid cooling?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, double relative to what, right? Biopharma.
Andrew Obin: Relative to 2024. No, just sorry, just the liquid cooling part, sorry. Just the data center. Yes, the data center part, sorry.
Richard Tobin: Could it? Yes. We'll see. As I mentioned before, it's just turned out to be such a short-cycle business that we've got -- we get a view of maybe 45 days in terms of the demand cycle. So we'll see. But could it yes.
Andrew Obin: Thank you. It’s good to have happy optimistic reach back. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis: Hey good morning guys. And congrats. I'm sure you're going to miss that flight out on Monday morning or Sunday night or whatever in Chicago, but you spent some frequent or miles our way, I guess, probably have plenty. But anyways, I think you guys have covered most of the turn here. It's been a lot of minutia too. But if we back up a little bit is the refrigeration story just about CO2 in 2025? Or is it really also just about pent-up demand that there was a it's been a pretty long period, I think, of underinvestment from your customers. Is that a correct assessment?
Richard Tobin: I think that's a correct assessment. But recall, we have capped our capacity in that particular segment. So it's more for us margin performance through productivity plus CO2. Okay, so we're not going to chase dilutive growth on the retail refrigeration side. So between CO2 product offering and specialty product offering will take as much as we can get there. On the case business, we'll see. We're in early innings now about the CO2 transformation of whether you can bundle the CO2 system with the case and what does that mean for margins? I think that is something that will unfold during 2025.
Scott Davis: Fair enough. And then just a small question. I guess I've never asked this before, but if you had to split up your CapEx between kind of maintenance and growth, how would you think about what kind of that base level of maintenance CapEx is in the numbers?
Richard Tobin: That’s a good question. We used to give a little pie chart on that. I'm guessing that it's $40 million maintenance, but that does not include IT, and 60% growth. And if I had to carve out IT, I'd have to get back to you, Scott.
Scott Davis: Okay thank you guys. That’s a lot to share.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question will come from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Thank you, good morning everyone. I get to do the last. Congrats to Brad and wish you and family all the best. And I also go way back.
Brad Cerepak: I know we do.
Deane Dray: Maybe we just start, Rich, on the 2 bolt-on deals, how do those come about where do they fit? What's kind of the attraction there? And how much of that pipeline that you're looking at fits that category?
Richard Tobin: They're both proprietary. One is going in pumps and process solutions, and -- both of them are going to yes, all right. And they're both proprietary. One is cryogenics, but it actually ends up in our pumps business. The other business is a product line expansion for plastics and polymers for MAG. And that one, I think we've been working on for 3 years or so.
Deane Dray: All right. Good to hear on that. And then data center came up a whole lot in the Q&A prepared remarks in your slides, my guess is those were already written prior to the Monday sell-off. And Rich, you've already said your short-cycle business, it's 45 days, so you're probably not looking any for out than that. But just in terms of managing this business, do you feel like there's any sea change in terms of data center CapEx. And I know you can't size the TAM, but is the TAM potentially getting smaller and more competition? Just kind of how might the competitive dynamics have changed since Monday?
Richard Tobin: Deane, I don't know. I mean the fact of the matter is in terms of the total TAM, we're rounding error. We think that we've got a very good product that we have IP protected. I think that we were first in line in terms of building out the capacity, and that's pretty much what's driven the volume growth that we've seen. I think we've been pretty prudent in terms of sizing the business. So we're not looking at the billions and billions of dollars, and trying to do the mathematics of gigawatts to connectors. I mean, many have tried, all have failed. So I'm not overly worried about it at the end of the day. I think there's enough kind of shovels in the ground that makes us feel comfortable with our 2025 forecast.
Deane Dray: Thanks a lot. Appreciate that color. Thanks.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer period of Dover's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jack Dickens, Senior Director, Investor Relations. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. And I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Connie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of the call will be available on our website through November 14th, and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for 90 days. Our presentation today is on a continuing operations basis to exclude the impact of our divested waste tolling equipment business from historical results. Please reference the 8-K filed on October 10th for further information. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Jack. Good morning, everyone. Let's start with the performance highlights on Page 3. Overall, the quarter was modestly better than our internal forecast, which I'll cover in the upcoming segment results slides. Top line performance was broad-based across the portfolio. We are especially pleased that the rotation from our longer cycle businesses to our growth platforms has continued to drive positive margin mix for the total portfolio. We expect that to be an underlying theme as we head into 2025. Segment margin performance for the quarter was solid at 22.6% and represents an all-time high for Dover's consolidated portfolio. Bookings were up 5% organically in the quarter with particular strength clean energy, thermal connectors, CO2 systems and biopharma components, further bolstering our positive mix outlook. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 6% to $2.27. During the quarter, we completed the divestiture of our Environmental Solutions Group business, reducing our exposure to the capital goods sector. As you can see from the bottom right of the slide, the reconciliation of this impact to our full year adjusted EPS guidance from continuing operations. As a result of this transaction, we will exit 2024 with record capital deployment, firepower, providing us with a variety of value-creation opportunities going forward. Our outlook remains constructive for the balance of the year. Our third quarter performance has given us room to manage demand seasonality to drive cash flow optimization through year-end by thoughtfully managing capacity utilization. Our setup for 2025 is compelling with positive portfolio rotation into higher margin businesses as we lap easy and long cycle comps through the year. This is further augmented by our exceptional balance sheet, optionality to pursue value-creating capital deployment strategies. Let's skip to Slide 5 on segment performance. Engineered Products posted strong top line performance on volume growth in vehicle services and industrial winches. Aerospace and defense was lower in the period due to shipment timing and a difficult comparable quarter. Margin was down modestly, because of margin mix on reduced aerospace and defense volumes. Clean Energy & Fueling was down 1% organic as positive performance in clean energy components and North American retail fueling was offset by lower volumes in vehicle wash and retail fueling equipment in Europe and Asia. Bookings were positive in the quarter, as below-ground retail fueling volumes are inflecting positively along with cryogenic components. Margin was flat as favorable product mix was offset by near-term integration costs of our most recent acquisitions. We expect this dynamic to have a material positive margin swing, as we complete our integration activities through 2025. Imaging & Identification posted an excellent quarter on solid marketing and coating performance in the U.S. and Europe. New printer shipments inflected positively during the quarter, which is a good signal for customer capital spending. Margin performance was robust as management actions on cost to serve and footprint optimization continued to drive incremental margins. Pumps & Process Solutions was up 2% organically on robust shipments in thermal connectors precision components biopharma connectors and pumps, biopharma revenue is up mid-teens, year-to-date and over 30% versus the comparable quarter of the prior year. As forecasted, polymer processing equipment was down in the period. All in, Pumps & Process Solutions segment bookings were up 15% organically in the quarter as biopharma and growth platform cycles inflected positively. Segment revenue mix drove 200 basis points of margin improvement on excellent performance, production performance on volume growth in Biopharma and thermal margin mix from FW -- the FW Murphy acquisition and tight cost controls in -- in the Polymers business. Revenue was down in the quarter in Climate & Sustainability Technologies as solid demand in food retail systems was offset by tough comps, in beverage can making equipment and weak demand in the broader HVAC complex, particularly in European residential heat pumps, on our brazed plate heat exchanger business. We had hoped to see positive bookings inflection in heat exchangers in the quarter, but that was not the case. So we have taken down our forecast in the back half of the year in that business to preserve production performance for 2025. The frustrating results as we were able to hold segment margins flat despite the lower volumes due to excellent performance in our retail refrigeration business that was augmented by exceptionally good shipment rates in CO2 systems. Despite the short-term challenges, we like the setup going into 2025 based on increasing CO2 demand, where we expect bookings to inflect materially higher together with market recovery and heat exchanges, both of which are margin accretive. I'll pass it to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide 6, just a reminder that our presentation today is on a continuing operations basis excluding our divested Environmental Solutions Group business from the historical results. Let's go to the charts. The top bridge shows our revenue growth. The impact of acquired businesses this year more than offset the disposition of DESTACO which closed on March 31 by $21 million, while FX was basically flat. From a geographic perspective, the US, our largest market, was up 8% in the quarter on healthy broad-based demand. Europe and Asia were down 5% and 10%, respectively. China, which represents about half our revenue base in Asia was down 17% organically in the quarter, primarily due to shipment timing within polymer processing. On the bottom chart, bookings were up $90 million organically year-over-year on solid broad-based demand across most end markets. Below-the-line items were slightly unfavorable on a year-over-year basis in the quarter on higher corporate costs, mostly related to acquisition deal costs. Our cash flow statement is on Slide 7. Adjusting for taxes paid on the gain of DESTACO, which are non-operational in nature, our free cash flow was 17% of revenue in the quarter, up $48 million year-over-year. Year-to-date cash flow on this chart is 11% of revenue. The fourth quarter is historically our highest cash flow quarter as we expect more favorable working capital balances over the rest of the year. We are on track to deliver our full year adjusted free cash flow guidance of 13% to 15% of revenue, unchanged from prior guidance. With that, let me turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Brad. I'm on Slide 8. It was a busy quarter with the portfolio moves, discontinued ops and some counter cyclicality within the portfolio. As a result of that, we thought it prudent to lay the groundwork for 2025 earlier to provide some hopefully helpful views. Let's start with the portfolio. We articulated throughout the year that underlying demand across many of our end marks -- end markets is solid, and that remains the case as we look forward into 2025. With a diverse portfolio such as ours, we enter each planning cycle, constructing a view of the overall macro, the individual business cycles and our competitive position. In 2024, we had a familiar challenge much like we did in the post-COVID period navigating the biopharma demand cycle. In 2024, we managed a down cycle on the portion of our high long-cycle portfolio as well as the regulatory and stocking idiosyncrasies, cheeses and heat exchangers as shown on the right side of the page. As you can see on the slide, we managed to offset significant cycle headwind with mixing up our consolidated margin on broader short-cycle improvement augmented by our growth platforms, which we invested in both organically and inorganically. As we complete 2024 and begin forming our view for 2025, we do not receive the same counter cyclicality in the portfolio. Bookings and customer forecasts indicate that our growth platforms are in a multi-period demand cycle. We are particularly pleased with the growth rate and biopharma components, thermal connectors, precision components and CO2 systems, all with margin accretion attributes to the portfolio. We expect heat exchanges to return to growth in 2025 on the recovery heat pumps and large-format demand district heating and data center applications for which we are expanding production capacity today. Let's move to Slide 9. Organic investment, inorganic growth and shareholder-friendly capital return remain front and center to our strategy, and we have done all three so far in 2024. We have been more active on portfolio pruning this year at attractive valuations as we methodically reshaped the portfolio to higher secular growth and less cyclical end market exposures. As mentioned earlier, we will exit 2024 with significant optionality for capital deployment and/or capital return, which is reflected on the balance sheet capacity bar on the right. Let's finish up with Slide 10. I've already covered the adjusted EPS guidance to accommodate the discontinued operations earlier in the deck, which is summarized on the left. At the time of the ESG announcement, we are often asked about the assumptions needed to offset the lost earnings from divestitures in 2025. We prepared the bridge on the slide to provide some direction on the moving pieces on a pro forma basis. Let's not get too excited. We will, as always, provide formal 2025 guidance after the close of the year, but I thought it would -- I thought, but I hope that you find it to be a reasonable pro forma view that provides clarity on the moving parts. Left to right, we start with predisposal EPS from our previous guide. We treat retrospectively the disposals on a full year basis. We treat the cash balance prospectively as it ever held for the full year in the short-term in highly liquid positions where it is presently, which includes the retirement of commercial paper costs in 2024 and we roll forward the 2024 acquisitions earnings benefit. We get to a rebased 2025 EPS of $8.60 to $8.75 on a base model that assumes zero organic growth in 2025. If we model a 3% to 5% organic growth at a 40% conversion rate next year, which includes $25 million in restructuring roll forward that is already completed or underway this year. We get an additional $0.55 to $0.90 of EPS. As I mentioned earlier, we are accelerating our synergy capture from recent acquisitions, including footprint consolidation, so what I would expect the restructuring contribution to be higher in 2025. Considering what was covered in the growth platform's growth trajectory, margin mix and long cycle comparable performance that we discussed on Slide 8, the top line and incremental margin assumptions seem reasonable. Now, I certainly doubt that we'll sit on that amount of liquidity unless there is a drastic negative change in the macro. And then in that case, it is nice to have an insurance policy. Clearly, this model can be flexed for share repurchases and M&A, but the model timing is problematic. So this is a simple value view. Our preference is to be active on the M&A front. And at present, that environment is getting better. We have an interesting opportunity pipeline, but rest assured, we will proceed with the capital discipline that we have demonstrated in the past. With that, let's go to Q&A. And I won't say any of opacities or whatever. Okay. Let's go.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Jeff Sprague, Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks. We're all [indiscernible] this morning.
Richard Tobin: Good morning, Jeff.
Brad Cerepak: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Yes. It's early. It's early, but it feels late. Just on the comment on climate sustainability, Rich, that you made as you were going through kind of the opening comments. The comment about materially higher in 2025, was that a total segment comment, a heat pump comment? Can you just maybe elaborate on the moving pieces within that segment in particular?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean I think there was a bookings comment more than anything else. If you recall back last quarter, we had said that we would hope to have seen bookings increase in brazed plate heat exchanges for European heat pumps. That was not the case. So we have taken down our full year estimates in that particular product line. So that's negative to bookings now. We're going to take down production just to let whatever the remaining clearing event needs to take place between now and the end of the year. So we'll cut production in Q4 also in terms of the estimates. At that point, I think it's fair to say that bookings based on what we see in our forecast for 2025 demand and heat pumps should inflect positively going forward there, and in CO2 systems based on feedback that we're getting from the market in terms of spend, we would expect a material amount of bookings inflection there, whether we get it all in Q4, whether it splits between Q4 and Q1, we'll see. But based on our market read there, we think that we're going to be materially up on CO2 systems in 2025.
Jeff Sprague: And then I appreciate the bridge here, it's definitely helpful. Just thinking about that $0.50, right, that's tied to cash on hand. Obviously, the deal impact can vary depending on what you pay for stuff and the right multiples. Do you foresee a scenario where it's less than $0.50, because you're more active on the M&A front. How should we think about that?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean, and that's -- I tried to cover that in the commentary, Jeff. Look, at the end of the day, someone described that the in the bag, it would be just to sit on the liquidity and that liquidity, you can just basically say that deposit rates even with factoring in rate cuts would drive that kind of result. In my comments, I said, I don't foresee that actually happening. Now whether it's M&A or share repurchases, that math gets funky, right? Because you got to start, but we've done the models here and said, if it's margin accretive, and we paid 15 times, what does that look what does that look like? And if you close it into Q1, what does that look like? Or if we did a share repurchase of $1 billion, like? You can do those scenarios. But we just thought that optically to give you a view of it's not only the -- not 2021 anymore, where holding on to liquidity was a zero-sum game because your cost of carry was neutral, if not negative. Now, it's meaningful. And if you go back and look at our interest cost on commercial paper in 2024 and you add that back again, the gap that we have in the lost earnings is really what we're trying to show here is significantly reduced because of that carry. So, I hope and I would expect that the interest income line is going to be overstated because I would expect us to deploy M&A capital. But just as a note, that cash balance is just the proceeds and the after-tax proceeds of the disposals and it doesn't really factor in our Q4 cash flow. So that number is a little bit understated anyway.
Jeff Sprague: Very clear. Right. And also you got additional leverage to deploy if you want to. Great. Appreciate it. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe a lot of good color on the slides. Maybe one thing I wanted to touch on was just -- the overall organic growth backdrop. Your tone sounds pretty confident. I think bookings up mid-single-digit organic is sort of broadly what you expected. Just wondered sort of what your impression was of the broader environment in terms of customer activity, anything notable moving around? And tied to that, when we look at your segments, say in Q3, very, very wide spread of organic growth outcomes. One division up low double digit, one down high single-digits, when we're thinking about the 3% to 5% framework you have on Slide 10 for 2025, is the core assumption that the sort of variability across the five segments is much narrower and kind of all are contributing to growth.
Richard Tobin: Yes, Julian, I think that's what we were trying to do with the Slide 8. I mean, I think -- the $300 million headwind was like a 4% or 5% growth headwind that we carried into this year that we were able to offset by the kind of the investments in our growth exposures. So what we're saying is, here we don't see any indication on the growth platforms for that growth rate, the law small numbers, of course, is that will continue at the same pace, I guess, in terms of growth going forward. And then we'll begin to lap the headwind that we have, basically, which is a long cycle part, is beverage can making, which is completely bottomed at this point and polymer processing, which we believe has bottomed at Q4 what we're going to see in heat exchanges next year. I'd like another quarter to figure it out and see what everybody is going to say about heat exchanges. But what we can from our channel checks, we would expect that by cutting production in Q4 will probably undercut into the market and just push demand into next year. So, if I look at the core portfolio, I don't see anything else that is in cycle down in 2025. We're just getting that behind us. And that was a 3% to -- 3% to -- 4% to 5% or 4% to 5% headwind this year. So that's why I think it's reasonable to expect I think when we modeled the year was 3% to 5% and the incremental margin, if you take out the restructuring benefit is basically where we've always been at 25 to 35.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then just maybe one quick follow-up on one of the segments. DII doesn't often get much attention, but superlative margin performance again in that business in Q3. You've seen that in the first half also. So, maybe sort of clarify. I know there's a mix commentary as a tailwind for DII. But is that something -- I don't know, structural changing in the mix in terms of kind how you've repositioned that business or it's simply just the consumables versus equipment dynamic and that may flip around next year?
Richard Tobin: The consumables equipment will fluctuate quarter-by-quarter. But if you look at it over longer periods, it's not overly meaningful. So it does -- you hear comments quarter-to-quarter about it, but over a 12-month cycle, it always ends up in the same spot. Really, the margin performance here is that that the management team of particular business has done an excellent job on cost to serve. This is a global business. There -- it's synergy extraction from the cost to serve on a global basis. So, I mean that's the majority of -- if you go back and look over the last three years to four years, not generally been volume, it's been a business model change. So I don't think that these margins that we're posting now because I know what the pipeline is for 2025 and 2026. I think that this is a reasonable approximation where this business is capable of delivering.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Davis from Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Hey, Scott.
Scott Davis: Hey, I wanted to follow-up a little bit on the M&A question. I think it was Jeff. It seems -- the deals we've seen in the last couple of years is that in the multiple ranges. The only deals that are kind of working are the ones where there's a fair amount of synergies. Is that -- is this something -- when you guys look at your existing portfolio, is there a wide enough net there to be able to buy things that bolt-on to make you kind of the, what I'll say, the best owner of that asset? Or do you think or multiples come down to the level where that's no longer the case?
Richard Tobin: I think that if you go back and look at multiples paid here over the last four to five years, I think they've been reasonable. And at the time of the announcement on the kind of more material deals, there was always a good portion of the return that was based on synergy extraction. The smaller deals, there's really not a lot to do. But the bigger deals, we've built basically an engine on our existing -- if you think about when we went through from 2018 to about 2022, we had built this engine to extract synergies out of our own core portfolio, which drove a lot of margin expansion, while the benefit of building those engines, if you will, is when we do an M&A, we just do the same playbook just because we practice on ourselves for five years. So, they need to be a decent of enough size, but I think everything that we did of the bigger ones recently in Clean Energy had a good amount of synergy extraction. And if you go back and look at the transcript and you look on the clean energy side, I think that we posted a 20% margin this year. It's going to take us probably three quarters of 2025 to finish up on the footprint and everything else, but we fully expect to drive those businesses up to 2025 on synergy extraction alone.
Scott Davis: Okay. That's good color. Guys, maybe a dumb question. But when you're selling these thermal connectors, who's specking in the product? Is it the cloud guys? Or is it the cooling guys? And I still get -- want back in your good go on that design.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Look, I'll answer it this way. We've been in this business for quite a while. So it's not a product that we're ramping up because of AI build-out. This product was actually built for supercomputing applications, which are the only ones that were using water cooling is relatively low volume in the past. So, it is set out and there are recommended specs, but you still need to sell to the user and/or builder. So, it's complicated, but we would -- we're the ones, I think, that we can claim to have the most product that's actually in use in the ecosystem today.
Scott Davis: Right. But the point is once it's spec-ed in, if it needs to be replaced to preventive maintenance or whatever, it's like-for-like, right?
Richard Tobin: I think that would be the assumption, yes.
Scott Davis: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you guys. Good luck.
Richard Tobin: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Deane Dray, RBC.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Deane Dray: On the biopharma, the recovery underway in the single-use is what are the green shoots you're looking for? We saw results that would suggest from Danaher in particular, so is there anything broader going on in terms of how you think, because it's been the most extended destocking period for everyone, but just any color there would be helpful?
Richard Tobin: Sure. Look, we led down because of the amount of inventory post-COVID that had put into the channel, and we're leading out, because these are consumable products, so these don't require new builds of new systems. They just need the systems that have been sold in previous periods to continue to operate. So, for a while, there was a little bit of de-linkage because we were going down early and from what our customers are saying, I think that we've been reading the reports from the market participants, and we're mostly in line now. I think we're all saying that basically the same thing in terms of the trajectory and the recovery. And I think that, that is reflected in our growth rates in terms of the consumables portion of it.
Deane Dray: Good. And now you'll have doubled the amount of imaging questions that you typically get. Your primary competitor made a lot of noise about broadening our platform, what they call from source to shelf they're more vertically integrated than you guys, but is that a broader platform that you all would be interested in participating in. Do you have aspirations there, they paid up pretty sizably for a SaaS business?
Richard Tobin: Deane, are we talking about the acquisition that they just made?
Deane Dray: Yes. But then the--
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean, we've got a good sized track and trace platform within that business today. So I think it's nuanced in terms of where you are in the chain, we're more pharma oriented. And I haven't studied it, that looks like it's more food-oriented. So we've got a pretty big business right now that's actually been doing quite well over the last couple of years in that space. So we're already there.
Deane Dray: Great. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nigel Coe, Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. And thanks for the 2025 kind of help out there. So it sounds, Rich, like you're pretty -- sort of like the base case would be organic range you laid out there. So, you'd encourage us to kind of use that range. But what I'm kind of curious of is when we look at the -- look at the 2024 performance, what impact did you have from the capital businesses, MAAG, Belvac and the SWEP European businesses? If we assume that those are bottoming out this year, maybe stabilize next year, what is the mechanical impact of those businesses?
Richard Tobin: Nigel, if you go to Slide 8, on the presentation. We give you the absolute number. And it's -- I'm going to get it wrong, 3% to 5% -- 4% to 5% headwind that we're taking and that is on a rolling 12-month basis, correct? Q4 of last year through Q3 this year. It's cost us $300 million of headwinds and that's about 4% or 5% growth.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I completely missed that. So again, so if that then flattens out, your 3% to 5% seems -- I don't know, no improvement in the rest of the businesses. Is that the right way to react?
Richard Tobin: Like you may have missed the beginning here. I mean we're not giving out 2025 guidance, we just thought that it was important because of all the noise with discontinued ops and everything else to kind of let you rebase your look on 2025. I didn't want to come out to this thing and say, well, here's discontinued ops, and we'll tell you in January, what that all means. So, it's a reasonable approximation, but give us another quarter to get an understanding of the macro and everything else. And I'm not saying that those are exactly going to be the numbers that we give out for 2025 guidance, but they look reasonable based on using the growth rates that we have on our secular growth exposures and then a lapping of the headwinds that we have seems reasonable. But rest assured, we'll update them in January.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's a good boiled plate response, Rich. And then just on -- just a quick clarification on the 4Q guide and then I'll pass it on. The 4Q -- sorry, the full year EPS the so I'm guessing there's about $0.10 of interest income coming through in the fourth quarter from the ESG divestment proceeds. So is that wrapped into the 102 -- or is that sort of within the $0.05 kind of bump up to the low end? Just any help there.
Richard Tobin: I don't know whether it's $0.10. I'd have to go back and look at deconstruct it. There is an amount of interest income that's in the bump. That helps to offset what I mentioned earlier about we're taking heat exchanger volumes down, and we're making some production cuts there. So, yes, it's all in right now. And at the end of the day, we're driving towards the top of the range as usual.
Nigel Coe: Yes, okay. Thanks, Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe O'Dea, Wells Fargo.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Joe O'Dea: Just wanted to touch on fueling and the comments around below-ground fueling inflecting positively. And any sort of context or perspective in terms of the cycle trends there and what you're seeing now in terms of how early on we are in seeing some growth?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean that's been a headwind for us for three years, I think, right, because it suffered with inflationary inputs and the lack of ability of labor and a variety of things that if you had gone and looked at the CapEx projections, for retail operators, they never hit their numbers just because of the inflation that was going through the system. So, with labor costs and labor just availability getting better, we've seen that begin to inflect positively, which is great because it's margin accretive to that particular business. So -- and we would expect that to cycle forward from here. On the demand side of it, it's been relatively muted, so you can't see it, but that is us. We are managing this business for margin, and I think we've made some tougher decisions about business that we would take, particularly in Europe and Asia. So that has muted the top line growth because we -- because in combination with the cryogenic components, if we get this right, we can get the entire segment up to 25% EBITDA margin at kind of an exit rate 25 or at least that's the goal.
Joe O'Dea: I appreciate that. And then I just wanted to circle back on the restructuring. I think you talked about as we head into next year, $25 million of carryover, but also made some comments that there could be more. And so I just wanted to make sure I heard that correctly in terms of are there additional sort of planning efforts underway and where we could see more of that happening across the business?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think that the $25 million is either completed or to be completed in fiscal year 2024. So that's the roll forward of what we get done this year. But we've got a lot to go. Like I mentioned previously, I think that the synergy target that we had put in the cryogenic acquisitions was about $20-ish, some of that requires footprint consolidation over time, which takes longer. So, back to my comment about driving that segment to 25%, we will be incurring costs clearly through the first two to three quarters of next year, which will require some more restructuring costs, which will pick up in kind of the further roll forward. So that number that you see in the chart, again, is incurred or to be completed in fiscal year 2024.
Joe O'Dea: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Tusa, JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi. Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: I'm going to ask an even dumber question than Scott. What is the actual revenue kind of guidance for this year, like the absolute kind of rough number you're guiding to for this year?
Richard Tobin: I don't know. I think we gave you a range in the top line, right, of one to three. So--
Steve Tusa: Right. But off of like -- is it like a $7.6 billion number, something like that comes out to?
Richard Tobin: I don't know off the top of my head. Got me.
Steve Tusa: I'm kind of -- I guess it's not a dumb question.
Richard Tobin: I'm sure we can get it, and you can follow up with Jack to give it to you, but I don't know what the exact baseline number that it comes off.
Steve Tusa: I think it's 77, by my math, just wanted to double check that. So how big are the headwinds...
Richard Tobin: This is like questions about net interest income and your boss address that. Anyway, keep going.
Steve Tusa: Sorry, like total top line absolute sales
Richard Tobin: Yes.
Steve Tusa: Kind of important, I think. Don't you think?
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that you'd be able to model that. But go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Like don't people ask you like cocktail parties, like how big the company is you run and you kind of throw out $8 billion and stuff like you should know that, right?
Richard Tobin: I'm not a curtail party guy, but anyway, keep going.
Steve Tusa: The headwind businesses, as we'll call them, how big are those this year? Are those about like $3 billion in total?
Richard Tobin: No, no, no.
Steve Tusa: $1 billion. Something like that?
Richard Tobin: I'd have to do the math in my head. I mean, what are we talking on a 2024 full year basis?
Steve Tusa: Yes. I mean just like what were -- like the $300 million was off of like what base, like--
Richard Tobin: Yes like $1 billion -- I'm doing it in the back of my head, it's like $1 billion.
Steve Tusa: Yes. Okay, got it. And as far as like your outlook next year for pricing, is it a little more normal? Is it anywhere that you're seeing any kind of price pressure? Or is it kind of modestly positive or maybe even like a point or something like that for next year?
Richard Tobin: Modestly -- modest -- more mix than anything else, but modestly positive on pricing. And to that end, we've been taking advantage of going long into 2025 because input pricing on commodity metals is pretty favorable. So we've been going actually going -- actually gone out of the 2025 to help that out.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just one last one for you. For the other businesses, kind of the mixed bag businesses outside of DII, of course, any of those in there that are kind of like on watch for like declines next year? And any that worry you out of the other -- not the secular growth, not DII and not the headwind businesses like the other business?
Richard Tobin: Try to cover in the commentary. We knew about Belvac. We knew about MAAG. We kind of knew but got it wrong on heat exchangers. There's not another business in the portfolio with that kind of quantum headwind as we look into 2025. So the only kind of worry that we would have would be about the macro, and then we'll see.
Steve Tusa: Right. Okay. That’s all I got. Thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin: Great.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Joe Ritchie, Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Hi, good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Tough act to follow there. The -- so I'm going to ask Steve's question may be slightly more positively or class have full. If I -- we're getting to, hopefully, election certainty sometime in the next month or so. Project financing arguably hopefully getting better because of interest rates. You've had one of your competitors call out the fact that, that's really impacted their carwash business as you kind of think through like that macro element, which is both election and interest rates, like where could you potentially see a benefit to your business? And how do you see that kind of playing out in 2025? And know that you don't have a crystal ball, so your best guess at this point.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean I think we would have hoped that interest rates would have had a bigger impact in the second half of 2024 on volume. But I think because of election uncertainty and a variety of other things, you can feel a little bit of caution out there. It's not bad, but it's not the amount -- if we take a look at the amount of quoting that we do for project-based business versus the time that it takes for those quotes to turn into actual orders, you can -- and this notion of things being pushed that you'll hear a lot about, that's not a fail, right? So, -- to the extent that cost of capital stays down and that we get some kind of certainty going into 2025, I would expect -- if we take a look at some of our businesses that you could call kind of like more project related that we would expect that to inflect positively.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, fair enough. And then we talked a little bit about the recovery in biopharma, which is awesome to see. The next kind of logical question is like when can we get the margins back up to that 30-plus range. And I know that you're feeling good about the recovery of that business into 2025, and so just kind of any thoughts around getting back to 30% next year?
Richard Tobin: Well, it was 29% in the quarter. And that's taking into account still -- still taking into account that MAAG is probably is bottoming now. And by the way, to MAAG's credit despite the top line headwinds, their ability to preserve margins during that period was excellent. So, to me, it's more of what is going to be the growth rate in biopharma and thermal and single-use pumps, everything that we've got in that particular segment to the extent that it stays on the track that it is, it's all incremental margin positive to the 29% we just posted.
Joe Ritchie: Good to hear. Great. Thanks guys.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Rich, with the understanding that you aren't giving out 2025 guidance, as you just said, you did say that do 40% incrementals with some restructuring tailwind and mix benefits. And as you know, you've talked about 25% to 35% long-term incremental. So, should we get more excited at this point that with accelerated portfolio transformation, Dover is really making that transition to a higher incremental margin capable company? Or is that a bit premature?
Richard Tobin: No, I don't think it's premature at all at the end of the day. I mean, we love ESG, but the fact of the matter is, it was a high-growth business that had decremental margins to the greater portfolio. And that's -- other than end market cyclicality and blah, blah, blah part of the reason that we took the action that we took. So -- and I don't want to keep repeating myself, but if you go back to Slide 8, Slide 8 is what we talked about back at the last Investor Day, this is where we're investing in organically and inorganically. And hopefully, we should be doing that in businesses that have higher growth rates and higher margin profiles to them. I mean you saw it -- you saw it yourself an action when you went down to DFR and Conyers, I mean that CO2 systems business is a high-growth, high incremental margin to the segment business. So it's -- we've got all the irons in the fire, whether it's portfolio construction or organic investment or inorganic investment, it's all part and parcel to driving the consolidated segment margin to 2025, right? And we're going to get there by hook or by crook.
Andy Kaplowitz: Love it. Okay. And then just another question you love around bookings. Just one clarification, like was DCST really the heat exchanger stuff, the big difference in what you thought versus that book-to-bill of one. I know you mentioned macro is maybe still holding some projects back. As you look at Q4, do you see book-to-bill getting closer to one if CST does begin to show some life on the heat exchanger side?
Richard Tobin: It depends on what the order intake is going to be in CO2 systems because we're basically taking bookings assumptions down for heat pumps. So what we had originally forecast for heat pumps is worse going into Q4 which is accommodated into our forecast. Whether we can -- we know -- maybe I should be that definitive. We expect that we will inflect materially higher in bookings on CO2 systems. It's just a question of whether we can get them from forecasting to orders in Q4 or not.
Andy Kaplowitz: Got it. But it's coming in the next couple of quarters, just a question of when.
Richard Tobin: Yes.
Andy Kaplowitz: Helpful. Thanks, Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And our final question comes from Mike Halloran from Baird.
Mike Halloran: Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Mike Halloran: So, of couple quick -- couple of quick ones. Just on the comment of managing capacity utilization, I don't think this is of the scale that you would have talked about fourth quarter last year. Is this just tied to the heat exchanger piece? Or is there anything broader? and any comments on inventory levels in the channel?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Overall, we'd like to maximize cash flow in Q4. And then depending on how we are in terms of backlog and the delivery assumptions that backlog, if we believe can push production performance in January out of Q4, it's prudent to do so at the end of the day, right, because it flexes up cash flow and it preserves fixed cost absorption into next year. So, we'll do that in select businesses in Q4, and that's why we're kind of happy about the results in Q3 because it buys us the room to do that because we don't want to be like trying to protect margin in Q4 by building inventory, right? So it's not nearly what it was back in the beginning of the destocking days where we consciously made a decision to do that across the wider portfolio. This is a more selective comment.
Mike Halloran: Makes sense. And not beating a dead horse here. I just want to make sure I understand. The 25% margin comments for DCF, that was applicable to the whole segment, not just the gas piece or something more insular exiting 2025?
Richard Tobin: The whole segment.
Mike Halloran: Quite a gem. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Richard Tobin: Great. Thanks. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Dickens, Senior Director, Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens, please go ahead, sir.
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of this call will be available on our website through August 15th, and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for 90 days. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks, Jack. I'm on Slide 3. Second quarter results were solid, driven by excellent production and shipment performance against our order book. Strong revenue performance was broad-based across our end market and geographic exposures with four out of five segments posting top line growth. Organic revenue was up 5% for the quarter. Bookings were up 16% organically year-over-year, continuing their upward trajectory over the last several quarters and bolstering our confidence in our second half outlook. Margin performance was excellent, up 200 basis points over the prior year to 22.1%, driven by volume leverage, organic and inorganic mix, proactive cost management and rigorous productivity actions. Our strong operational results were complemented by ongoing portfolio evolution actions. Over the last week, we have completed two strategic bolt-on acquisitions, enhancing our clean energy components platform, adding applications in highly attractive end markets, expanding our global reach and strategically expanding our manufacturing base into new regions. We also recently announced the sale of our Environmental Services Group business unit for $2 billion in cash. This transaction, together with the sale of De-Sta-Co in March of this year, reflects our intention to reduce our exposure to capital goods, we have monetized these businesses where we have materially improved operating performance at attractive exit multiples while methodically migrating our portfolio toward higher organic growth and margin opportunities. We are approaching the second half of the year constructively. The underlying end market demand is healthy and is supported by our sustained order rates. We are, therefore, raising our adjusted EPS guidance to $9.05 to $9.20. I'll skip to Slide 4. Engineered Products had another robust quarter, driven particularly strong volume growth and conversion of waste handling and aerospace and defense. Volumes of vehicle aftermarket grew in recovering European market conditions and improved production performance. We expect volumes to remain strong for the segment through 2024. Margin performance was solid in the quarter on strong volume conversion, favorable mix and productivity. Clean energy and fueling was up 2% organically in the quarter on solid volumes in clean energy components where we're starting to see robust quoting activity and order rate momentum from component parts tied to large projects in hydrogen and cryogenic applications. Volumes were also solid in software systems and above-ground retail fueling continued its positive recovery, particularly in the U.S. Margins were flat in the quarter as proactive cost curtailment offset volumes and mix. Imaging and ID posted an excellent quarter on growth in serialization software and strong shipments from marking and coding consumables and aftermarket parts. Printer shipments were still subdued, improved sequentially and should inflect positively in the second half. Margin performance was exemplary on SG&A leverage and a higher mix of consumables and aftermarket shipments. Pumps and Process Solutions was down organically as expected, principally due to lower shipments in our long-cycle polymer processing business partially offsetting these headwinds were significant growth in shipments and new bookings for thermal connectors tied to AI chip liquid cooling applications and data centers as well as a solid quarter in precision components. Both orders and shipments of single-use biopharma components grew sequentially and year-over-year continuing to post-COVID recovery. Margins in the segment were up on mix and operational execution. Top line performance and Climate & Sustainability Technologies outperformed our internal estimates due to an exceptional quarter in food retail which nearly offset the capital investment slowdown in beverage can making an impact of destocking headwinds in the broader HVAC complex, most notably in European residential heat pumps, on our European brazed plate heat exchanger business. We expect these headwinds to persist in the second half, with heat pump-related shipments troughing in the third quarter. Margin performance was exceptional driven particularly by food retail, which posted all-time record margin in the quarter on strong volume conversion and a greater mix of CO2 systems shipments. I'll pass it to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Okay. I'm on Slide 6. The top bridge shows our organic revenue growth of 5% and the De-Sta-Co sale, which was closed on March 31, more than offset acquisition-related revenue of – by $9 million, while FX was a headwind of approximately $13 million. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., our largest market, was up 11% in the quarter on solid broad-based activity with particular strength in waste handling and food retail. Europe and all of Asia was down 4% and 9%, respectively. China, which represents half our revenue base in Asia was down 8% organically in the quarter, primarily due to shipment timing within polymer processing. On the bottom of the chart, bookings were up year-over-year. Of note, orders were also marginally up sequentially on an organic basis quarter-to-quarter. Below-the-line items negatively impacted our earnings in the quarter, driven by a higher tax rate as well as higher corporate costs net of interest due in part to elevated deal expenses. Now on our cash flow statement, Slide 7. Adjusting for taxes paid on the gain De-Sta-Co, which are non-operational in nature, our free cash flow came in at 10% of revenue in the quarter, up $64 million year-over-year. Year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow is essentially flat versus the prior period despite investments in working capital due to shipment timing driving higher receivable balances as well as investments in inventory due to strong bookings rates. We expect to materially liquidate our working capital balances over the second half of the year and are on track to deliver our full year adjusted free cash flow guidance of 13% to 15% of revenue. I'll turn it back to Rich.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks Brad. I am on Slide 8. Here, we provide some visibility into the contribution of the portfolio of both the ESG divestiture and the recently closed acquisitions in clean energy components providers, Marshall Excelsior and Demaco. These transactions continue our purposeful portfolio migration away from capital goods towards higher gross margin, less cyclical and higher growth component businesses, that serve secular, advantaged end markets. We have been methodical and disciplined in our approach to enhancing the portfolio through acquisitions and patient in our strategic divestitures. We are pleased with the valuations of our two recent divestitures within Engineered Products, ESG announced on Monday and De-Sta-Co, which closed in March that both achieved above 13 times trailing EBITDA multiples, significant premiums for capital goods assets. The transaction details are on the page. Due to the timing of the ESG signing and uncertainty of the closing date, we have left ESG in our full year guidance for now. We expect to move ESG discontinued ops in Q3 earnings report, and we'll recast our historical financials and guidance at that time. The ESG earnings profile is shown on the page. And importantly, we are not including any benefit of the transaction proceeds toward value-added capital deployment. We believe we are entering a 12- to 18-month period that represents a unique buying opportunity for attractive assets including many private equity-owned businesses that are overdue for exits in our highest priority areas of inorganic expansion. Our current balance sheet strength and cash flow forecast reinforced by the proceeds of the ESG divestiture positioned us well to remain on the front foot in pursuit of attractive capital deployment opportunities. Let's go to Slide 9. I wanted to provide a little more color on our collection of businesses that provide critical flow control and safety components for industrial gas, cryogenics, natural gas and clean energy applications. These businesses span across both our pumps and process solutions and clean energy and fueling segments, so there is significant commonality in industrial tailwinds and business models. These businesses provide highly engineered components that serve demanding applications in the broader clean energy and industrial gas complexes and there are growing requirements for sustainability, emissions reduction and safety that create favorable product loyalty dynamics and innovation opportunities for us. Our positions in these attractive markets are supported by strong and recognized technological and application expertise and intellectual property with large installed bases that drive reoccurring replacement demand as well as exposure to high growth uses like hydrogen and LNG. We have been active acquirers in the space investing roughly $2 billion over the last several years. We believe these investments should generate mid to high-digit growth at margins accretive to our consolidated portfolio over the long run. This remains a high priority area investment for us moving forward. In light of our recent divestitures, with the scale of this critical component platform now reaching $1 billion of revenue, we intend to readdress our current segment structure in the near future to add focus and disclosures around our growth platforms. Slide 10 provides a little bit more color on Marshall Excelsior, the larger of the two energy businesses that we've acquired in the last week. MEC’s acquisition broadens our portfolio in cryogenic valves and other components and expands our participation in several applications, including the expansion into remote monitoring and digital controls in cryogenic transport and severe duty valves providing an excellent opportunity for cross-selling. Integrating MEC into our existing clean energy platforms and centralized support functions should provide significant cost savings. We expect to capture about $12 million in run rate synergies driving MEC to high 20s margin and high single-digit ROIC by year three. Taking a step back, shows the broad scope of our offering within clean energy applications. We're supplying a variety of safety-critical components like valves, regulators, nozzles, loading arms, dispensing and gas handling equipment for a variety of applications across the high, the whole cryogenic gas value chain from production to consumption. We serve both gas and liquefied gas applications with multiple molecules handled, including LNG, hydrogen propane, oxygen and nitrogen, among others, and we're benefiting from strong investment momentum by industrial gas majors and global government infrastructure spending. While a smaller deal for us, Demaco was also closed last week, providing us a very important European base of manufacturing to enhance our growth and global scale. Finally, on Slide 12 shows the long-term performance of the portfolio. We continued to deliver earnings growth through a combination of top line organic growth, margin improvement through operational execution and returns on productive capital deployment strategies to methodically improve our portfolio over time. Our strong balance sheet position will be further enhanced by the proceeds of the ESG divestiture in the second half of the year. We expect to end the year with approximately $3 billion in capital deployment firepower from cash and reasonable leverage levels. We have a number of levers available to deliver the second half of the flexible business model can quickly respond to changes in our dynamic markets. I'd like to end by thanking ESG President, Pat Carroll and his entire management team for the value they created for Dover shareholders under their tenure. With that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Can you hear me okay?
Richard J. Tobin: Hi, good morning.
Brad Cerepak: We can here you, Andy. Go ahead.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey Rich, maybe you could talk about bookings cadence during the quarter and how you’re thinking about bookings growth going forward? Do you still see book-to-bill over 1 times for the rest of the year? And then as I’m sure you know, short-cycle market seem all over the place at best. So what are you seeing macro-wise? And would you say that Dover’s outperformance is really a result of Dover’s unique exposures versus a lot of macro improvement?
Richard J. Tobin: Yes, I would expect it to be over one. As you know, I think that our comps are either in the second half of the year from an order basis. It’s been a little bit lumpy, I have to say, intra-quarter. So we’ll see how it goes, but our expectation is to be over one for the balance of the year. And I think that’s reflected if you take a look at our full year forecast in terms of revenue growth and everything else. The outperformance – look, I mean, I think at the end of the day, we led in, we led it out, and we’re probably leading in again. So as we’ve discussed previously, I think that our inventory positions are well placed and some of the markets that we have exposure to that have suffered over the previous 24 months or making a turn. We add on top of that some of the growth platforms like we have like thermal connectors and CO2 systems, which are performing very nicely. So I don’t – I think it’s – I’ll step away from the rest of our competitors in the macro. I just think it’s unique to our portfolio.
Andy Kaplowitz: Maybe just following-up on the last comment, Rich, can you give us a little more color what’s going on in DCST? Obviously, you just mentioned CO2 systems, food retail in general is driving the outperformance. But how is it trending versus your original notifications for the year. Does the strength in food retail actually more than offset the continued weakness in heat exchangers to end up line upside in that segment?
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. Look, I think that when Belvac was well known going into the year, and that was part of our plans. I think there was a lot of mixed signals around heat exchangers. I think we’ve done a lot of work there. That’s why I think that we’re pretty confident to call the trough in Q3, and we would expect order rates actually to move up hopefully at the end of Q3, but clearly into Q4. I think on the food retail business, I think that CO2 is doing pretty much as planned, I think that what’s doing better than planned as the margin performance of the business has just been exemplary through the quarter. So that’s why when you look at the consolidated results, I don’t think that we would expected food retail to offset the margin deletion from heat exchangers, but during the quarter, it did, which has been excellent.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate the color.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go now to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Richard J. Tobin: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey Rich, just thinking about Slide 11 and everything you’ve kind of here on gas and cryo and everything, you’re characterizing it as kind of a component-driven strategy, and I get that margins are often very, very good in components. But it looks like you’re also stitching it together with some automation and some other things. So maybe just kind of talk about what else, if anything, you need or want to do here as we think about another $3 billion in capital to deploy, is it sort of all in the same ZIP code? Or are there other kind of M&A vectors we’ve got to be thinking about?
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. I’m hesitant to say – well, a couple of things, Jeff. What we’re going to do, whether it’s before the end of the year or very early next year, I think you heard from my comments that we’re intending to re-segment and to give some more visibility here. When we do that, we’re going to make an investor presentation. I’m loath to say what we’re interested in because this area has gotten some intention. So in an area that over the last previous couple of years where we’ve been a buyer. Now we’ve got some competition in this space. So I guess, I’ll take a pass on saying what we’d like to do in the future because I’m not interested in attracting any more interest there.
Jeff Sprague: And then one of the things we’ve seen out of Dover though, Rich, also is when you put these stakes in the ground you turn it up organically. I mean with your kind of flow and other competencies here, is there sort of a lot you can do organically to kind of expand your scope here? Or it would be mostly an M&A-driven strategy?
Richard J. Tobin: There's two strategies here. I think, as I mentioned in the comments, we believe within 24 months, we can get this entire cluster of businesses, some of which are already performing here, but the entire cluster up into mid-20s EBITDA margin. And that will be through, number one, we think it's a growing area. So we're going to get some volume leverage there. But I think once we put our Dover playbook on back-office integration and all the things that you know about. I think that within 18, 24 months, we can drive the entire segment up there.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. And just a quick one on this whole heat pump question. You're talking about Europe, specifically the whole business broadly, the bottom in your business or it's the bottom then your customers' business, that whole kind of lead lag equation, everybody has been trying to sort out?
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. Yes. Well, it's unfortunate that we were all never aligned between the components manufacturers of the end market. But the fact of the matter is we – like I said in the comments, we've spent a lot of time on trying to determine total inventory in the chain. We believe that the – and it's mostly European heat pumps because that's the vast majority of the volume in the first place. Heat pumps North America and then the balance of the world proportionately is relatively small. So we think that we trough in terms of volume in Q3 and our expectation based on discussions we have our customers, that inventory has been flushed and will go back to positive orders in Q4.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for the color.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go now to Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
Richard J. Tobin: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: So as far as the orders are concerned, can you just give us some I missed the first call minutes of the call, so you may have said this, but just some color on how you expect them to trend sequentially? And then should we expect normal seasonality off of that in the fourth quarter?
Richard J. Tobin: Look, I think that book-to-bill should remain one or higher for the balance of the year. I think that we have in Q2, I think we actually did a little bit better than I would have expected in terms of production performance and the shipment, and that's why it drove the 5% organic growth, and that's at – that changes the metric, but I think that order rates we've got a good handle on. I think we stay above one for the balance of the year. Q4 generally is going to be a proxy on everybody's macro outlook of 25. But as I said before, I think that we roll into some easier comps than and something like SWEP should turn positive finally in Q4, if not at the end of the Q3. And I think the momentum that we're going to have in thermal biopharma, the momentum we have in CO2 all will contribute to staying above one.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just in the quarter, I know you guys had said flat sequentially, you were down a little bit. I know that's kind of nitpicking, but what was slower for you guys in that orders, just the one or two things that held that back a bit?
Richard J. Tobin: Steve and I have to go through it. I'm sure that somebody took some outsized big orders in Q2 of the previous comparable I'd have to go dig through it. I'll get Jack to follow-up.
Jack Dickens: Yes. What we said organically, it was sequentially up marginally. So you got to take into effect the disposition of De-Sta-Co, the acquisition timing within the quarter and also FX, which was higher than we expected in the quarter, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Yes, got it. Okay. Makes a lot of sense. Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go now to Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning.
Richard J. Tobin: Hi.
Andrew Obin: Again, just a question about sort of acquisitions. You're sort of increasing your exposure to green energy. But I think our sense is that at least for now, a lot of these orders are being not orders, just a lot of these projects have been pushed out over regulations. Sort of visibility on taxes, visibility on funding. I mean, clearly, it's an informed bet. And I think in May at our event in New York, we definitely talked about that quotation activity is very, very robust. Can you just sort of talk about what it is you're seeing over the next 12 to 24 months that makes you commit capital to the sector. And to make it clear, we’re quite excited about it, but it does seem that near-term, there are some push outs? Just give us your view because you tend to think about these things? Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. I mean, Andrew, look, I mean, at the end of the day, you can’t – when the market is there, it’s too late to buy anything, right? So you need to basically take some bets on what you think has got secular growth behind it. So if we think about thematic at the end of the day, I mean, there’s a whole stream of electrification. We’re not chasing that meaningfully. We’ve had a presence in the gas sector for decades. So we know the customers, we know the regulatory environment around it and everything else. So we’re big believers in the – the electricity has got to come from somewhere, and we’re big believers that the total gas complex is going to be an important contributor there. What we’re buying are large installed base at the end of the day. So we’re not paying on the comp to a certain extent. But cryogenic components and vacuum jacketed piping were kind of niche businesses in the past, but to the extent that cryogenic gas applications continues to expand, we would expand – we’re mixed. We’re buying these things and we’re expanding capacity on top of them as we do it. So if we get the timing off a little bit, so be it at the end of the day, I think. But from a secular point of view, we’re pretty confident of what we’re doing.
Andrew Obin: All right. Got you. And maybe a little bit more color on what you’re seeing on DPPS, right? You’re sort of highlighting year-over-year growth in biopharma. And then clearly, I think you’re sort of talking about thermal connections. So what kind of growth can we think about – just two-part question. What kind of growth can we think about thermal connections? Can this business actually double over the next 12 months? And second on biopharma, when do we actually start growing year-over-year? Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: Well, we should grow year-over-year right this year, considering we probably bottomed in the mid to late of 2023, so that’s good news. And on the thermal, look, it’s a small base, but at the end of the day, our bookings are up significantly, and we would expect total revenue and earnings to be on target to what I think I gave you some numbers at the end of Q2 when we’re tracking that way. I believe the thermal is going to be interesting, right? Because back to your question before between all the hype of everybody talking about it and then the lag period, I think that we’re on the front foot for production capacity. I think that we’ve got clean room production capacity, I think that we’re going to be able to have 100% traceability by the end of the year, which should separate us for a lot of people that are going to try to get into this business. So if I step back at DPPS in total, we knew that Maag was cycled down after a three, four year run coming up. Industrial pumps is, I would call it, not robust right now, but that has been offset by precision components, which is really part of the exposure that we’ve got into the gas complex and the mix effect of both biopharma and thermal connectors.
Andrew Obin: Thank you very much.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go next to Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Good morning, Rich and Brad.
Richard J. Tobin: Hey, Scott.
Scott Davis: I wanted to go back to, I think, the second relative to Jeff’s question really on Slide 11. Are there channel synergies? Are there synergies that are kind of tangible when you just look at the assets on this page, what – is it just commonality of end markets? Or are there actually some tangible synergies and benefits of bringing them all together under one segment? Assuming you do get...
Richard J. Tobin: Sure. Yes. I mean we bought RegO and Acme at the end of 2021. So Maag basically is an overlap adjacency to that – to those prior period acquisitions. So it’s just – think about just adding a bunch of new products under a footprint that we already have. There is a manufacturing footprint opportunity there, clearly, both inbound and reverse synergy on the footprint. These are global businesses. So part of the reason that we did Demaco is you just can't say I'm a North American provider. You have to have – when you're dealing with companies like Linde, you need to have a European presence. So that's why we purchased Demaco to kind of make our presence in Europe larger at the end of the day. And so what we're kind of building A lot of the times, they're the same customer. A lot of the times, they're adjacencies, but the regulatory and safety requirements to build those kind of components are very common, and it's just an ability that we have.
Scott Davis: Okay. And just following up, your bullish M&A comments, I think last quarter was trending in this direction, too. I mean is it a commentary more on asset availability or valuation or both?
Richard J. Tobin: More asset availability. I mean, look, we've been hearing about it was supposed to be 2023 [ph] than it was supposed to be 2024 [ph]. And now it's – we're beginning to see assets coming out of PE, but our expectation is the process is going to accelerate I think everybody has been waiting for an interest rate cut to kind of flex it. I mean the equity markets have been doing relatively well, and that is helpful in terms of not to us in terms of buying, but it's helpful for exit. From a PE point of view. So we've been kind of waiting for this opportunity for a couple of years now, and I think that we're kind of bullish that we'll see if we get them done, right? We're going to not start drawing money around like drunk and sellers, but I think that we're on the front foot of – we think there's going to be a lot of opportunity going forward. And now with the monetization of ESG, we're a cash buyer. So that puts us in a good spot.
Scott Davis: Yes, good luck. Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We'll hear next from Brett Linzey with Mizuho.
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning all. Just, I just wanted to come back to the ESG divestiture. So you called out the dollar of dilution to adjusted EPS on Slide 8. You've announced a couple of deals here. How are you thinking about the backfill? Do you have line of sight to more than offset with M&A? Or should we think about a balance of repo in M&A?
Richard J. Tobin: I think that our bias would be towards M&A. But I think we've got a history of – we don't sit on cash for a prolonged period of time. The good news now is unlike a couple of years ago, we actually get some yield off our cash. If we rewind the clock back cash three years ago, you've got nothing for it. So yields right now on cash balances, let's just call it, 5% or so. that's not bad. So we can be a little bit more patient, if you will. And if you heard me answer the last question, we think there's going to be a lot of M&A opportunity coming forward. So, I think our bias is probably a lot more towards M&A than share repurchase than it's been over the previous three years to four years.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up on free cash flow. So thinking about the composition of ESG out, some of these more recurring businesses into the mix. How should we think about free cash flow margin as you evolve the portfolio and you're buying more recurring cash flow?
Richard J. Tobin: Well, I mean, like the ESG actually from a working capital point of view is a pretty good performer. But – so the benefit would be on the gross margin, right? So what we're bringing in gross margin up, so profitability up. So the like-for-like swap of dollar of revenue should be better from the cash…
Brad Cerepak: Should be better, yes.
Brett Linzey: Great. Good quarter. Thanks.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. One segment that doesn't get a little airtime is DII, but it had a very impressive bookings, organic sales growth, margin performance in Q2. And I suppose on the revenue front, a good turnaround year-on-year from what happened second half of last year and into Q1 of this year. So I'm just trying to understand that the growth drivers there. And again, comps are pretty easy in the second half and on sales and the bookings growth was good in Q2. So just trying to understand kind of how strong could that growth be in the back half? And I realize the incrementals are exceptional to a degree with mix, but should we see at least very strong incrementals again in the second half?
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. That's hard to say, right? I think at the end of the day, you have a pretty strong mix effect in Q2, right, because of consumables being proportionately higher than kind of average, I mean printer shipments actually dilute margins at the end of the day. So the per dollar shipment value is higher. But the margin dollars per revenue comes down a little bit. Look, we're really happy with the margin performance. This business over the long run [ph] is a steady eddy. I think the management has done a great job of moving the margin up through more or less efficiency more than anything else. So we'd expect that to continue. But I wouldn't be surprised if you saw a little bit of margin dilution in the second half, especially if printer shipments move up proportionally to the consumables.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then just – I know you don't give much understandable, you don't give much color on the sort of quarterly cadence of earnings, but we're halfway through the year. And the seasonality has been confusing in recent years. So I just wondered sort of when we think about third and fourth quarter total Dover earnings sequentially, if you like, is it sort of Q3 up a bit sequentially on earnings and then down sequentially in Q4? Is that the way to think about it?
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. Well, the way we think about it is Q1, Q2 and Q3 tend to be up and then Q4 usually is a flex quarter, and it depends on order rates and whether we drive for cash, we're really bullish on 2025 and whether we build inventory or not in Q4. I would I think that, that kind of sequential performance is going to hold for this year. And that's what we've built into our forecast.
Julian Mitchell: That’s great. Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go now to Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Hey guys. Good morning.
Richard J. Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, so I'm going to start on ESG because Rich, I guess I was – maybe I was the only one that was surprised that you guys ended up selling the business. I just thought of it as being a good margin, good return type business. I'm curious kind of what went into that decision as you thought about evaluating that asset over the long term?
Richard J. Tobin: I don't know, Joe, I think that we've been fielding questions on the capital goods portion of our portfolio as long as I've been here. And we had said at least initially that we thought that we could improve the performance of the business. So that we were going to be patient and wait if someone was interested in it that we were going to wait to make sure that we are paid appropriately for it. I mean, I know that there's lots of different calculations about what we were paid, but the bottom line is on a, call it, a Q1 exit LTM basis, we got 13x EBITDA. And I come from capital goods. So the three premier companies and capital goods in the United States are PACCAR, Deere and Caterpillar and look where they trade on an EBITDA multiple basis. So at that point, that we think that we can monetize there. We should because at the end of the day, from a summer parts point of view, we get a capital goods multiple in that business. It's one of our – I don't want to talk to business down because the management team did a phenomenal job in terms of the performance of it, but the bottom line is it's one of our lowest gross margin businesses in the portfolio. So to the extent that we need to kind of mix up over time, and we're paid appropriately. I think that that's the way we look at it.
Joe Ritchie: That's super helpful. And then I guess just my follow-up question and maybe just kind of talking about some of the other longer cycle pieces of your portfolio. So I'm thinking SWEP, Belvac and MAAG, what's kind of the expectation embedded into guidance for growth for those businesses this year? And is it too early to maybe start talking about 2025 and what those businesses could do?
Richard J. Tobin: Look, I think that SWEP [indiscernible] heat exchange or heat pump debate, I think has been beaten to death at this point. Everybody got very excited. The problem with having exposure to subsidize products. It's great when they're subsidized. It's not so great when they're not subsidized. So we're just going to have to deal with that. So if I take that away and I looked at SWEP over time, we actually don't think that, that is a cyclical long-cycle business. We think that, that's just a component parts business that just went through a kind of an adoption rate on heat pumps through legislation in Europe that we're not going to apologize for when the market was there, you seize the market. So I think once we get through this whole period, which hopefully knock wood will be at the end of Q3 that, that would just go back to being a non-cyclical asset going forward from here. Maag is a little bit more CapEx driven. Belvac is a little bit more CapEx driven. I will say that Maag is likely to be less cyclical than it's been in the past because I think the management team. Has done a really good job opening up the vectors in terms of what we sell, and there's actually a pretty large installed spare parts business there. Belvac is always going to be cyclical, but that's not a tail that's going to wag the dog. It's just not that big in our portfolio.
Joe Ritchie: Yes. It's super helpful. Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We'll hear now from Mike Halloran with Baird.
Mike Halloran: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Richard J. Tobin: Hi Mike.
Mike Halloran: Just one for me, [indiscernible] 2 part of this. So as you think about the short-cycle trends, you talked about some choppiness in the order patterns through the quarter. Maybe just talk about how you're thinking about the short-cycle trends? And then secondarily, if there are any leading indicators in those end markets or product categories where you're seeing signs of concern or inversely – conversely, excuse me, signs of acceleration? Thanks.
Richard J. Tobin: That's – I don't want to march through the entire portfolio. It's just been choppy all year in short cycle. I think distribution is still digesting higher interest costs. The GDP print today was good, at least for North America, it's not been great out of Europe for a period of time. So there's a lot of uncertainty of kind of what the catalyst is for demand. So I think I mentioned in my earlier comments, like intra-quarter volatility of order rates we have like heart attacks around here week-over-week because it kind of flexes all over the place. But when you let the tide go out we're still growing the top line. I think that the areas that we know that are in cyclical down trends, we've got a handle on that. I'd like to see fueling do better. I think that, that's been a little bit slower than we would have expected through the first half. We're going to keep a close eye on order rates there going into the second half. And our expectation is because we've got easier comps in the second half that by and large, the hurdle rate for orders is in Herculean.
Mike Halloran: Thanks Rich.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go now to Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Richard J. Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Deane, how are you?
Deane Dray: Rich, I really like seeing this pivot into a higher up the technology curve, these critical components that are typically a lower cost of the project. And I know you're not going to kind of reveal exactly the areas that you're moving into. But you did – you characterize ESG divestiture as pivoting away from capital goods. And then Joe, your answer to Joe's question, you gave some color there, but there are still lots of capital goods exposures in the portfolio. So where do you draw the line? What's the timing? You've made lots of margin improvements. You said that was kind of the gating factor. But where do you draw the line? And how much change can the organization take at just a given point in time?
Richard J. Tobin: There's nothing that we have to sell, Deane, and we didn't have to sell ESG either, right? And if I go and look on return on invested capital in ESG it's been great, right? Because the earnings – the earnings improvement has been terrific. It's an older asset. So you got to always be careful with ROIC because its asset base has been depreciated over a long period of time. So it gets a little bit flatter there. But I don't want to repeat myself, but we spend an inordinate amount of time here doing our own sum of parts on every piece of this portfolio. So we've got a clear understanding at what hurdle rates are for monetization. But we're not going to win to address the portfolio and sell things at below intrinsic value, just to make the gross margin go up by 50 basis points. So, I can't tell you about the timing. We'll just going to have to be patient. And what we see when we go over there, I think that the important issue to understand is that we've got optionality in terms of firepower that a lot of people don't have, meaning that we can lever up on an M&A front and then delever by monetization. That's not what we did here. I think we were just more opportunistic, but that is something that's an arrow in our quiver going forward.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful. Thank you for that context. And then just a question for Brad. There's an expectation of working capital improvements in the second half. Can you give us some color there or any specifics? And then what about – what should we be thinking about buybacks for the second half?
Brad Cerepak: Well, I think, Rich, I take the second part of that question first. I think Rich already answered that in a sense that our priority is around capital deployment to M&A, especially as we move here into the second half with market conditions of available assets that we see. So I think that's a positive thing for us as we move through the year. In terms of the trajectory on working capital and cash flow, I mean really, it's no different than last year when you think about it. I mean we're on pace with the prior year. We have good line of sight in terms of what we need to do in the back half around inventory and receivables, and it's all highly achievable in the same pattern that we saw last year. So we have pretty good confidence. We have confidence in the 13% to 15% at this stage.
Deane Dray: Thank you.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our final question today from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks for taking me in guys. Good morning. Look, I know there's been a lot of questions on the cryogenic kind of strategy. But the Marshall Excelsior deal looks really interesting. And the 10 points of synergies that you called out, kind of got my attention. So maybe just Rich remind us, what sort of growth do you expect the market to kind of compound out for the next three years to five years. With this cluster of businesses, do you think you can gain share and outgrow that market? And maybe just – I don't know if you can tell us this, but what is the entry margin for the Marshall deal?
Richard J. Tobin: Okay. Well, I don't have to remind you about the growth rate, because I don't think we ever gave you one.
Nigel Coe: Okay.
Richard J. Tobin: Look, we're going to give you like – you may have missed it at the beginning, I think that because we built this platform, our intention is to resegment it into its own platform. And when we do that, we're going to give you a presentation of long-term growth outlook and everything else. I can tell you that the profile of what we've been buying has been around 20% margin – and I think then between synergy value and accelerated growth, we think within a 24-month period, we can get it to 25% EBITDA margin. So that's kind of the economics behind it.
Nigel Coe: Yes. Sorry, I missed the first part of the call, so I missed that detail.
Richard J. Tobin: No problem.
Nigel Coe: And the 10 points, would that be primarily cost or is it exclusively cost? Or is there some ready synergy as well?
Richard J. Tobin: No revenue synergy. It's all we know – you've seen us make the presentations before about back-office consolidation and all those things that we have. We've got a whole system that's in place in this particular case. We actually think we've got some backward integration footprint opportunity here from our legacy businesses. So those are really the two big pieces.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks, Rich. And then just for Brad, just some details on the ESG. So the discontinuation, is that on a go-forward basis, so that will be a second half impact? Or do you have to go back and discontinue for the first half as well? And then is it – do you have any sense yet on the tax leakage on the deal?
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So as it relates to discontinued ops, it would be all prior periods presented. So we really restate everything. Once we get to a point in time here later in the third quarter, we'll be taking a hard look at that and they probably dropped at that point in time, and you'll see all the restatements filed in advance. So we have that data in advance. And on tax leakage, you should just assume a normalized U.S. type of tax rate, 21% or so in the leakage.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks, Brad.
Brad Cerepak: It's very possible that, that cash tax is unlike De-Sta-Co goes out this year. So we're looking at that timing as well.
Nigel Coe: Okay. But that wouldn't be in your guide, right, for the free cash flow, that would be...
Brad Cerepak: No, we'll handle the same way we handle the De-Sta-Co by adjusting free cash flow.
Nigel Coe: Great. Okay. Thanks, Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, everyone. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Dickens, Senior Director, Investor Relations. 
 [Operator Instructions] 
 As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens. Please go ahead, sir. 
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Natalie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. 
 An audio version of this call will be available on our website through May 16, and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for 90 days. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rich. 
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Jack. 
 Let's go to Slide 3. First quarter results were in line with our expectations. Strong performance across several of our end markets together with improving order and shipment trends in biopharma components and growth platforms, we're able to offset the counter cyclicality some of our long-cycle portfolio in what was expected to be our toughest comparable quarter this year. It is clear that our operating posture that we took in the second half of 2023 to proactively curtail production has had its intended effect. 
 Customer and channel inventories are now largely in balance with prevailing demand conditions and level set to normalize lead times. As a result, order momentum in the quarter was strong and broad-based, particularly in our shorter-cycle end markets, building off an exit rate from last year and bolstering our confidence full year outlook. We remain active on capital deployment. 
 During the quarter, we closed 2 synergistic bolt-on acquisitions that add attractive digital and reoccurring revenue streams to our retail fueling and carwash platforms. The DE-STA-CO of divestiture closed at the end of March as part of our ongoing portfolio evolution. We also launched a $500 million accelerated share repurchase program at the end of February to return excess capital to our shareholders. Our strong cash flow generation along with the proceeds of the DE-STA-CO sale provide ample capacity for further capital deployment in 2024. 
 We're off to a solid start to the year and the setup for the remainder of the year is encouraging. Our order rate momentum and healthy underlying demand conditions support the outlook for volume and margin improvement as we progress through the year. We are narrowing our full year adjusted EPS guidance towards the higher end of the range, and we'll continue to evaluate our full year targets as the year progresses especially if demand trends continue. 
 Let's go to Slide 4. All-in revenue was up 1% in the quarter. Bookings were up 3% organically year-over-year and up 12% sequentially in the quarter, reflecting growing order rate momentum across much of the portfolio. Of note, after 7 quarters of bookings decline, as a result of the post-COVID backlogs, we have now seen positive bookings growth in 2 straight quarters and expect this positive trend to continue for the rest of the year. 
 Segment margins were 19.7%, down 30 basis points. We expect to return to positive year-over-year accretion from here on mix and volume leverage. Adjusted EPS was up to $1.95 per share in the quarter, and we are guiding 1% to 3% organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS of $9 to $9.15 for the year 2024. 
 So let's move on to Slide 5. Engineered Products had a robust quarter, particularly strong volume growth and conversion waste handling, which set an all-time record for first quarter profits and should continue its positive trajectory on strong truck body order momentum and software adoption. Aerospace and defense also posted double-digit revenue growth. Volumes improved in vehicle aftermarket on better end market conditions and bookings growth, including in Europe. We expect volumes to remain strong for the segment throughout 2024. Margin performance was solid in the quarter on strong volume conversion, price/cost dynamics and productivity investments. Clean Energy and fueling returned to positive organic growth in the quarter after 9 consecutive quarters of flat to negative top line performance driven by the end of the EMV cycle in North America and channel destocking of what is most -- our most heavy distribution exposed segment. Margins were down in the quarter on negative comparable mix, but we expect to see sequential improvement from here and target full year margins up over [ '23 ] driven by attractive volume conversion and the benefits from previously enacted cost control measures. Imaging & Identification posted a steady quarter with lower printer shipments in Europe and the U.S., largely offset by strong volumes in consumables and aftermarket. We expect top line to return to growth next quarter and to be up for the year. Margin performance was exemplary on cost controls and higher mix of consumables and aftermarket shipments. Pumps & Process was up organically in the quarter on robust volumes in polymer processing and precision components. Order rates for thermal connectors were very encouraging. We are pleased to see biopharma shipments grow year-over-year with orders gained further momentum with a book-to-bill of 1.08 as customer inventories continue to normalize and commercial drug production and new therapy development remain robust. 
 I would like to point out that our biopharma business is nearly all consumable and in the post pandemic destocking headwinds dissipate, this is mostly driven by biopharma production volumes, which are growing. Margins in the segment were down modestly due to strong volumes in polymer processing, which was slightly dilutive to the consolidated segment margin. If order trends hold, we expect margins maybe positive sequentially from here. Top line performance in Climate & Sustainability Technologies was down as expected, driven by the expected capital investment slowdown in beverage can making and the impact of destocking of stocking headwinds in the broader HVAC complex, most notably in European residential heat pumps on our brazed plate heat exchanger business. 
 In contrast, our U.S. heat exchanger business continues to grow in double digits on technology share gains in an evolving end market applications, including data centers. We expect top line to improve as the year progresses with easier comparable performance in the second half of the year and supported by strong volume in CO2 refrigeration systems, which drove the bookings growth for the segment on several key customer build-out wins. 
 I'll pass it on to Brad. 
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide 7. Top bridge shows our organic revenue decline of 1%. Acquisitions contributed 2% to the top line, while FX was essentially flat. The DE-STA-CO sale, which closed on March 31, will be an offset to acquisition revenue growth beginning in Q2. Total deal costs in the quarter were $3 million or $0.02 of EPS relating to the sale of DE-STA-CO and ongoing deal activity. From a geo perspective, the U.S., our largest market was up 1% in the quarter, while Europe and all of Asia were down 1% and 5%, respectively. China, which represents about half our revenue base in Asia, was up 5% organically in the quarter, with improving conditions across several end markets. 
 On the bottom chart, bookings were up year-over-year and sequentially on strong order momentum as a result of largely normalized channel inventories and lead times. 
 Our cash flow statement is on Slide 8. Free cash flow for the quarter came in at $122 million or 6% of revenue. Q1 comparable performance was impacted by investments in working capital due to the timing of shipments, driving higher receivable balances as well investment in inventory ahead of seasonally stronger quarters in Q2 and Q3. The first quarter is traditionally our lowest cash flow quarter of the year. The change in accrued taxes was driven principally by the recording of future tax payments related to the DE-STA-CO divestiture. We plan to adjust these tax payments out of free cash flow reporting as they are nonoperating in nature in line with the exclusion of the gain on the sale of our adjusted P&L results. Our forecast for 2024 free cash flow remains on track between 13% and 15% of revenue. 
 I'll turn it back to Rich. 
Richard Tobin: Okay. Before we go to Q&A, I wanted to provide a little bit more color on some of the product lines that helped deliver our results in the last quarter and positioned us to continue growing in the high secular growth rate markets. Early on, we saw a significant growth opportunity in each of these markets and proactively invested in CapEx and R&D to cultivate technological leadership and provide a sufficient foundation to win and scale with our customers. 
 Across these markets, we enjoy leadership positions with strong brand recognition and well-entrenched intellectual property protection. Each of these end markets have enjoyed double-digit growth trajectories over the past 5 years and the robust booking trends in the first quarter point to these markets remaining meaningful contributor to Dover's overall revenue growth profile. In total, these products deliver attractive margin conversion that is accretive to Dover's consolidated margin. 
 In CO2 systems, we were the early mover in transplanting natural refrigerant technology from Europe to the U.S., where we currently enjoy a technological lead and have the largest installed base in food retail applications and the broadest product offering. We have proactively expanded our capacity and invested heavily behind a platform-based product strategy supported by a differentiated digital go-to-market architecture that facilitates the sale and design process, reduces complexity improves product quality and delivers best-in-class lead times and reduces the cost for ourselves and our customers. 
 Our recently launched platforms are gaining traction in the marketplace with several exciting large-scale CO2 conversion programs underway at key retailers with a multiyear runway. We are also benefiting from our exposure to data centers and the secular growth in infrastructure investment with the significant power requirements of next-generation chips that support artificial intelligence. Adoption are now requiring liquid cooling methods. We are exposed to liquid cooling of data centers in both our heat exchanger business, which enables heat transfer within the cooling distribution units and in the connector business, which provides leak free liquid connection points at the server racks and manifolds and now directly to the individual chip cooling cold plates. 
 I'll leave the data center infrastructure and market forecast to our end customers further down the chain. For us, it's clearly an area of robust growth in the foreseeable future as evidenced by our recent order trajectory and high-profile specification wins with the chip OEMs. Importantly, we have proactively installed production capacity and are well positioned to meet any meaningful inflections in demand with industry best lead times. The through-cycle performance of our biopharma components platform has been solid despite the well-chronicled post-COVID destocking headwinds over the past 2 years. With customer inventory levels now normalizing, the long-term tailwinds for single-use bioprocessing and cell and gene therapies are compelling and importantly, our products are specified for a regulated manufacturing environment. 
 While our business is still below peak levels, we believe the recent booking trends and positive tone from our customers and industry partners set up for a potential upside this year. 
 Finally, let's go to Slide 10 shows the long-term performance of our portfolio. Our playbook for earnings accretion remains unchanged to deliver growth through a combination of top line organic growth earnings accretion through operational execution and returns of productive capital deployment strategy. We are pleased with the start of the year with our flexible business model, we will continue to monitor any end market conditions and can quickly respond to changes in the marketplace. 
 And Jack, let's go to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 We will now hear from Mike Halloran with Baird. 
Michael Halloran: Okay. So a couple of questions here. First on orders. Obviously, comps are easy in the next couple of quarters, but maybe just talk a little bit about the underlying perspective from an end market that gets you comfortable with the order commentary for the year, just kind of the confidence in the composition of where that order growth is going to come from, from an underlying market perspective. And then related, do you see orders up sequentially going into the second quarter? 
Richard Tobin: Yes, I do. Look, we'd have to go segment by segment because they're different between the short cycle and the longer cycle portions of the portfolio, but orders are up broad-based with the exception of the 2 that we highlighted, both in can making and in heat exchangers in Europe. We would expect that trend to continue, which supports, basically, the seasonality where we expect some pretty big step-up in performance in Q2 and Q3, and we'll see about Q4, which will be a dynamic of how the order rates go between now and then. I think most importantly, our confidence is based on the fact that of all the hard work we did in terms of managing inventory through the channel last year, and that's allowed to us to have more confidence in terms of the order rates going forward. 
Michael Halloran: Can you just talk to the action-ability of the M&A pipeline from your perspective? Obviously, the commentary has been pretty positive about your flexibility in the short term here. How would you look at that channel as we're sitting here today in the priorities? 
Richard Tobin: It's loosened for sure. I think there's a recognition now that interest rates are here to stay, that's helpful. I think that the equity markets have rallied quite a bit. So I think that this fear of purchase compression on multiples has gone away. But it's not flood yet, but I think that the activity in terms of opportunities that we can look at is a lot better than it would have been a year ago today. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. 
C. Stephen Tusa: So just on the orders comment, I guess, you said SWEP really isn't picking up. Is that a bit of a reflection of kind of the EU heat pump market that that's not really you would expect to see it by now, if you were -- if things were turning up there in the second half. I think you've said that before? 
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean we're running out of time here. So our expectation that, that market will be clearly down year-over-year. I think that we've got -- we've brought down even our internal estimates for this year. So I think that's probably the one business that is not tracking to what we thought it would have been. Maybe we're a little optimistic, but we'll see. So we would have to see orders bounce back at the end of Q2 to support any kind of inflection in the marketplace in the second half. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Right. So like a solid double digit first half to second half, like the way you see orders today, that doesn't sound right. 
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean, I have to go back and look at the comps. But if you remember last year... 
C. Stephen Tusa: I meant sequential, sequential, sequential. 
Richard Tobin: Yes. Yes, sequential, yes. 
C. Stephen Tusa: You don't see that as being -- that's not embedded in your current forecast now given you aren't seeing the orders, just making sure. 
Richard Tobin: That's correct. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then just could you help calibrate us just on an EPS basis for the second quarter? Or however you want to talk about it? I mean it looks like the orders are running right now ahead of the sales forecast that are out there, your orders are going to be up sequentially. So I mean like you look like you're covered from an orders perspective. Any further color on the seasonality of EPS for 2Q? Anything that influences margins in a major way or anything like that because the sales look like they're going to be okay relative to consensus? 
Richard Tobin: Yes, I don't think that there's any change. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Okay. So what is it usually sequentially or percentage of the year, maybe Brad? 
Brad Cerepak: I think the normal season [indiscernible]. 
C. Stephen Tusa: I knew you wouldn't want to answer this. So I'll go to Brad. 
Richard Tobin: Brad left the room, Steve. Sorry I mean, look I think the seasonality that we would expect is where we're tracking right now. So Q2, Q3 up and then we leave some optionality in Q4, and that will, back to your question about order rates, Q4 will be depending on how we track. So there is potential upside in Q4 if order rates continue to build. 
Brad Cerepak: Yes. There's a nuance on order rates because DE-STA-CO now out of our order book and Jack can take you through that, but we still see sequential up even covering DE-STA-CO in the second quarter and through the year. 
C. Stephen Tusa: So like 225-ish for 2Q, does that sound about right? 
Brad Cerepak: You know we don't give quarterly guidance. 
Richard Tobin: All right. Any other questions? 
C. Stephen Tusa: No, no, that's it. I guess I'll ask Jack offline. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. 
Julian Mitchell: Maybe I just wanted to start off with the DCST segment. So I think price down a little bit year-on-year. Was that just kind of a mixed thing and then it comes back later in the year. And on the margin front for DCST, 14% first quarter, do we just assume a sort of steady sequential ramp from that point through the year? 
Richard Tobin: I think it's because of the effect -- the negative effect on the heat exchanger business, which is accretive to that segment. The ramp is going to be very much predicated upon how much CO2 system volume we can get out between now and the end of the year. So I guess, to answer your question, is it will ramp, but you need to take into account when you're looking at comps that until we get into the back half of next year, we're going to be pushing up against the reduced volume and heat exchangers. 
Julian Mitchell: Got it. And on the pricing, I think it was down just a little bit in Q1. And is there sort of anything to call out there? Does it flip back to positive later in the year? 
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think that's a nice, to be honest with you. I mean, the pricing that we have out there is relatively hold. It's got to be more mix related than anything else. 
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. And then just a follow-up, sort of more broadly, when you're looking at your customers and then realize there's a breadth of end market exposures. But is it your perspective that for your product that channel partners and your customers, the sort of inventories are pretty lean now for where we are in the year, any concerns around further need for inventory reduction? Or do you think we start to move the other way when you're looking at how your channel partners are behaving based on orders and so forth? 
Richard Tobin: Yes. The portions of the business that are distribution, we don't see a build. We just see pass-through right now. So one would hope that we get a little bit of build, but that will be dependent on what we see on pull-through demand from here. So we've talked about this quite a bit, Julian. I mean we did a lot of work and took proactive work in the second half of the year. 
 Our distribution channel checks don't show build, we just see pass-through right now. So it's not going to be a headwind. Hopefully, if demand continues to inflect positively, there will be a little bit of a tailwind. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. 
Brett Linzey: I wanted to come back to biopharma. You noted some potential upside moving through the year. It does sound like customer tone has improved there. Maybe you could just talk about some of the warranty expirations and some of the obsolescence of some of that single-use channel inventory that could be a multiplier effect for that business. 
Richard Tobin: It's all done now, right? If you went back and look sequentially at the biopharma business where shipments are heavy, that where we've lapped kind of that 2.5-, 3-year time line now. So there's still pockets of inventory out there and the system builds are relatively a headwind right now, but on kind of the processing side of the business is what is inflecting forward. So we expect orders to be up from here just because of the fact that the inventory has been cleared one way or another over the last 36 months. 
Brett Linzey: And then maybe shifting over to thermal connectors, doubling of bookings. What do you think the revenue run rate is in that business by year-end? And I guess, is there any reason why this business and those applications should be growing in line with some of the liquid cooling adoption trends? 
Richard Tobin: That's what we hope. I think it's -- I'm not going to size it for you right now because of the competitive aspect of the end market. What I can tell you is we feel good about where we are positioned from a spec point of view. I think that we're going to be a little bit of a trailer because we're a subcomponent behind a lot of the build that's going out right now. But what I can also tell you is we have prebuilt the production capacity that if it was to inflect kind of like what we saw in biopharma, we're going to be able to be there with industry-leading lead times. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. 
Joseph Ritchie: And so maybe sticking on that Slide 9, I did actually get a chance to see some of your thermal connectors. Your customers were showing them off the data center world a couple of weeks ago. But my question is really on the CO2 systems. Like Rich, how far long do you think we are in terms of these regulatory tailwinds that's helping this business? And maybe just kind of maybe talk a little bit about what the path from here? 
Richard Tobin: Okay. We are shipping our first platform. We're going to be launching our second platform in the next couple of months. And then sequentially, after that, the third platform will be launched after that. What we have right now is early adopters. So there are certain retail clients that because of ESG reasons and a variety of other reasons, have chosen to be an early adopter in the space and not wait for the regulatory aspect of it. And then we've got a lot of customers that are buying individual units to test them out. So I think we're in the early innings here, but we like the trajectory. 
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. Cool. No, that's great to hear. And then -- and I know, look, you guys have referenced this biopharma, it seems like we're starting to see some green shoots here. I'm just curious, as you're kind of thinking through the margin trajectory for that business going forward? Maybe just kind of help us with the path from here? 
Richard Tobin: It's mix, Joe. So as the revenue climbs, the margin mix is important to the segment. And a way to look at it, frankly, is to go look back a couple of years at the margin that we were at and what we actually didn't decline that much in consolidation because the balance of the segment portfolio actually performed quite well. So I wouldn't think about it in terms of incremental leverage on a unit basis. I would look at it more as the revenue climbs, the segment mixes up from there. 
Joseph Ritchie: Yes. And maybe just a quick follow-up there. So are we at a bottom then in margins for that business you expect it to improve from here sequentially if any... 
Richard Tobin: We never really gave up any margin in the business. What we gave up was volume. So like I said, it's not a business that you would look at decremental and incremental margins. It's just mix up, mix down as a proportion of revenue. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Maybe just thinking about the segment level organic growth versus your own expectations. It seems relatively clear that DEP should continue to be Dover's best growth in '24 and DCST is the weakest. But if you look at the other segments, how are you thinking about growth versus that 1% to 3% guide for the company? And were there any surprises versus your own expectations in Q1? 
Richard Tobin: Okay. Let me think about it. I think that, as I mentioned earlier, the only business that is performing worse than what was baked into our original forecast is the heat exchanger business in Europe for heat pumps, which is about -- on a last year basis, it is about 30% of our revenue. So we're going to have to mop up some of that. Now what we have offsetting that is CO2, right? And so I just answered Joe's questions about the trajectory in the market and to the extent that the demand continues to be solid, we should be able to mop up some of that decline. And Belvac was always baked into our forecast. So we don't think that we will post top line growth in that particular segment until Belvac just basically bottoms from there. And then we'd expect to inflect positively, hopefully, in Q4, depending on CO2 demand. The balance of the businesses are tracking by and large, exactly where we had forecasted. So they're really going into the quarter because I think I mentioned that when we did the full year results, it was all about order momentum and so far, so good. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: That's helpful. And then, Rich, maybe just on DCEF. Can you give us a little more color into the comment you made about margin up for the year after that Q1 start. I know you do have that cost out programs, so how does that flow in through the year and help you get to where you want to be? 
Richard Tobin: Look, I mean, I think from a margin heavy lifting point of view, I think that's where we've got to do the most work. I think the management team is on it. So you've seen us take some structural cost out of that business. What you need to understand is that business is from a proportion point of view, the one that's most exposed to distribution, right? 
 So it's had a pretty good headwind during the, let's call it, the destocking phase of 2023. So it should run that was a business that we can look to that says, okay, incremental margin should be positive as volume flexes upward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. 
David Ridley-Lane: This is David Ridley-Lane on for Andrew Obin. A little bit of a bigger picture question here. So you're seeing broad-based orders improvement, manufacturing PMI back above 50. If you had to take a cut at looking back, right, was there actual underlying demand weakness last year? Or was it all just destocking and a function of comps i.e., do you think the underlying trend is getting -- demand trend is getting better now? 
Richard Tobin: The demand trend is getting better now because of the headwind from destocking in the previous comps. And then after that, then you get to idiosyncratic product lines and business and geographies, but if you want a macro comment, right? And I think that we addressed it last year is even if you look back 2 years, unitary demand was relatively flat, right? There was a lot of pricing flowing through the marketplace, but the unitary demand was relatively flat. And then because of interest rates, you had a negative headwind last year in terms of destocking. So going into this year, you're thinking positively, let's say, that we'll see about unitary demand year-over-year, whether it inflects up, but what we know categorically is that you don't have the headwind from destocking them, right, because it's just pass-through. 
David Ridley-Lane: And then just a quick housekeeping question. What is the share count and effective tax rate assumption embedded in the 2024 EPS guide? 
Richard Tobin: You can call Jack about that. Let's not get into -- I'm not going to page through all these stock units. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Rich, you would -- you addressed kind of your view on what's going on in distribution. Do you have kind of a view on what's going on with the OEM customers? Like if we think about Europe heat pumps, do you know one way or the other, if they actually are sitting on inventory or your product or you're just really kind of waiting for the order for kind of a view of what the underlying demand might be. So heat pumps is the one that kind of stands out, but maybe there's some others where that's kind of a question also. 
Richard Tobin: They're clearly sitting on our product in inventory. So you've got kind of like you've got the market going down and then you've got inventory with -- because we're a subcomponent with our partners. So we're going to go down first, I guess, is what I'm saying. We went up first as when pull-through demand goes up and everybody kind of puts inventory to allow for their estimates on the builds and now you've got the market turning lower and so that inventory that's out there has got to get depleted. So our expectation is that our demand will inflect up before the end market demand kind of bottoms. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes. That makes sense. And then on the liquid cooling stuff, there's a number of competitors and the like, and I don't expect you to name names, but do you have more than 1 or 2 cooling-related customers in this market? And you had also indicated you were specified by the chip OEMs, not to parse words, but I'm just wondering if that was kind of a misspeaking and you're actually specified by the cooling HVAC-related companies. Just curious on that detail. 
Richard Tobin: I'm not -- it wasn't a misspeaking, but it depends on the chip and it depends on the customer in terms of how without getting into the details about it, you do need to get specified by the chip maker who makes recommendations to the builder, right? So we did the hard work in getting specified at the up end. But clearly, we're going to have to sell into the build channel ultimately will be our customers as those units are built. 
Jeffrey Sprague: And it's more than more customers than I can count on one hand or now if you are talking... 
Richard Tobin: Apparently, everybody is in the space, including us. What I can tell you is it's a unique product, number one; and number two, that the production requirements look very much like pharma and that is good for us because we're basically building these products in not the same facility. We've got a dedicated facility for these products, but we're going to run it more or less the way we run our connector business for biopharma. So I think we're in good shape from an IP point of view, and we're in good shape in terms of production capacity. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. 
Scott Davis: Guys, you were probably a little bit more skeptical than some of the others in '24 on kind of price and ability to get more price, can we mark-to-market that a little bit here in April? Have you been able to be a little bit more successful with price than perhaps you may have thought? 
Richard Tobin: I think that we're not going to be negative on price, for sure. I would expect us to be positive to price by the end of the year. I just think that the during supply chain issues and everything else, there was a little bit of solid days in price passing going on. And we weren't the big winners there to be perfectly frank. If you go back and look at our price realization through that period, arguably, we should have taken more. 
 But at the end of the day, to me, that's more of a non headwind going forward because all that capacity got built out if market demand is good, but it's not exactly robust. I don't think there were -- I think that we're positioned appropriately that we're not going to have to give back price because there's been a lot of price take over the last 36 months. 
Scott Davis: Makes sense. And Rich, totally switching gears, but are you happy with the portfolio you have? It's just -- it's very broad. So there's got to be good and bad. But the opposite of an expensive M&A market is the opportunity to sell things perhaps at above market value. So is there parts of the portfolio that you think makes sense to look at departing with. 
Richard Tobin: How do I want to answer that? I know that I'm on the clock, right? Could you give me 12 months. DE-STA-CO is a good example, right? That's a business that we looked at in terms of end market exposure and where we had taken it to from a margin point of view, we found a partner, we monetized it, I think, at a multiple that DE-STA-CO not trading within the Dover portfolio, so I think that, that optionality remains on other pieces of the portfolio, but you need to find ruling partners and the like, this is the first part of the question. 
 The second part of the question, Scott, is if we go back to '18, '19 that we said that we were not just going to go around selling stuff around here to dress up margin expansion. That's easy to do at the end of the day, but I don't think it's creating shareholder value. It's just creating optics. We've moved up the margin here substantially right? So I think that unlike '18 and '19, if we were to monetize pieces of the portfolio, we're going to get a lot more than we would have getting back then to the extent that we can find a willing partner there. So I understand that the complexity of the portfolio is a difficult issue from a thematic point of view, but I'm not going to apologize for the value creation of -- that we've been able to extract from the portfolio. So we'll just retain that optionality going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. 
Joseph O'Dea: Rich, I wanted to ask about the climate orders in the quarter, pretty notable step up and well above each quarter of 2023, so just trying to understand a little bit more what happened in Q1 versus every quarter of 2023 that brought sort of customers forward. It sounds like what you saw in terms of order levels in Q1 is more of a sustainable level moving forward. So just kind of the catalyst behind that switch from a calendar flip and much stronger demand. 
Richard Tobin: Well, when you take into account that our orders are dropping in heat exchangers and down -- maybe not down in Belvac because Belvac built that backlog several years ago, but down in heat exchangers, the order rate is exclusively in the fact that we're launching a new product line in CO2 systems. So that's what's different. 
Joseph O'Dea: But you wouldn't call that lumpy. You're not saying Q1 is like lumpy. It's like there's sustainable demand at that level in Climate. 
Richard Tobin: Look, I mean they're going to continue well, CO2 is going to continue to offset the heat exchanger business. Now the heat exchanger business has easier comps once we get beyond August because I think that inflected down in September of last year. So it may be a little bit of put and take between now and then because in CO2 systems, we tend to get large orders every once in a while to flex it up and down. But over time, I think that order rates should look good from the half year going forward, for sure. 
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. And then just circling back to David's question, making sure I kind of understand the takeaway. I mean, it sounds like what you're seeing in order levels is really the reflection of what you see for sell-through demand so that this is sort of working through the end of destock and this is just reflective of sell-through demand. It's not saying that sequentially from, say, 3Q to 4Q to 1Q, the demand environment has really gotten better. It's really just -- this is the absence of the pressure that we saw on channel reductions. 
Richard Tobin: Right. That's it, right? Because if we go back last year and the decline in revenue that wasn't a reflection of pull-through demand because it had the headwind of destocking. Now what you have is just basically, let's just call it pass-through. So we don't see stocking. We just see it pass it. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. 
Deane Dray: Can we get on imaging, just the, say, the world in consumer packaged goods, it sounded like that business is beginning to also see some normal demand, but what have you guys has been seeing? 
Richard Tobin: It's stable, Deane. You have some inflection up and down between the equipment side that the consumable portion is generally a steady eddy. It doesn't flex up or down. You have a little bit of price that goes through every year. I wouldn't be too concerned on quarter-to-quarter movements because they don't tend to be very high at the end of the day, and there's a lot of FX rolling through there just because of the fact that it is truly I think the only real true global business that we have. So it's steady, right? We don't see an inflection up in terms of production rates and consumer products. China seems to be, which was a headwind next year, seems to sequentially be improving. So we'll see from there, but it does run up against a strengthening dollar. 
Deane Dray: Understood. And then just a couple of cleanup questions on the data center discussions on this call. The first is, I know you've got lots of headaches with SWEP heat exchangers, what about SWEP in data centers in Europe? I know you were highlighting in the U.S., but where's SWEP and data centers in Europe? And then on the connectors are you being asked to bid on these projects for the chip makers? Or are you being is a negotiated design in because that's a big differentiator. 
Richard Tobin: Let me take the last question first, it's design in. I'm sure that our commercial teams will say it's not that easy. But the fact of the matter is it's designed in predominantly. Now there will be a variety of different negotiations with the participants that are building out the infrastructure, but the most important part, it's kind of win the spec business early on and then we see where we go from there. Data centers in Europe, I'm going to have to get back to you. I don't think it's meaningful. I think that the data center activity that we see is more North American-based. 
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-01 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Dickens, Senior Director, Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Angela. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of this call will be available on our website through February 22, and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for 90 days. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Jack. Let's start with the key messages on Slide 3. Market demand conditions in the fourth quarter played out largely as we expected. And as we discussed at the end of Q3, we adopted a business posture focused on managing down production in certain product lines to balance channel inventories to the detriment of fixed cost absorption. This puts us in a good inventory position and enable us to match demand and production in 2024. This operating posture also drove solid operating free cash flow performance in the quarter, which positions us to play offense on the capital deployment front in 2024. We capitalized on strong volumes in several markets and drove margin mix higher for the consolidated portfolio in the quarter. The breadth and diversity of our end market exposures, along with proactive cost containment and pricing discipline led to another record high quarterly segment margin in Q4. We remained active on the portfolio front. We improved our portfolio through synergistic bolt-on acquisitions, including two transactions announced in January that add attractive reoccurring and software revenue streams with good growth exposures to our mix. We expect to close the DESTACO sale by the end of the first quarter, which will further enhance our cash position. We entered 2024 in a significantly better financial position than we were 12 months ago. Underlying demand across the majority of the portfolio is solid. Bookings momentum is improving, and we drove the first organic bookings growth in eight quarters. Of note, biopharma book-to-bill was above one, signifying an improving sentiment in the market which is also evident in the recently announced results of some customers and channel partners. While we expect seasonality in idiosyncratic headwinds such as European heat pumps and can-making equipment to weigh on volumes in the first half. Overall, we expect demand conditions to progressively improve off the fourth quarter exit rate through the year. Our recent investments puts us in a very strong position to capture secular growth across numerous end markets like CO2 refrigeration, bioprocessing, data center cooling, electricification of heating and cooling and smart compressor controls. In-flight cost actions provide carryover benefits in 2024 with specific projects to be announced during the year. Lastly, our balance sheet has ample capacity to execute against a strong acquisition pipeline and pursue opportunistic capital return strategies as we continue to upgrade the portfolio over time. Let's go to Slide 4. Consolidated organic revenue was down 3% in the quarter. Bookings were up 2% organically, reflecting growing order rate momentum across much of the portfolio. Segment margin was up 100 basis points to 22% on broad-based productivity and port portfolio improvements. Free cash flow in the quarter was over $450 million or 22% of revenue on improved working capital efficiency and lower CapEx. Adjusted EPS was up 13% to $2.45 per share in the quarter. Our guide for 2024 reflects a constructive outlook. We are guiding for organic revenue growth of 1% to 3% and adjusted EPS of $8.95 to $9.15 [ph] per share, which represents a 5% to 7% year-over-year organic growth, excluding the tax reorganization benefit recognized in the fourth. Let's skip to Slide 5. Engineered Products had a solid quarter driven particularly strong volume growth in conversion and waste handling. Chassis availability improved in the quarter and the business has reservations from large national waste haulers and municipalities well into 2024. Europe and Asia shipments were notably lower in vehicle aftermarket, but bookings improved during the quarter. Margin performance improved 270 basis points on positive mix benefits and volume conversion on recent productivity investments in the waste-hauling business, coupled with a solid performance in Aerospace and Defense. Clean Energy and fueling is our most distribution leverage segment, and as such, is where we intervened aggressively on production to facilitate general channel destocking in below-ground retail fueling, hanging hardware, LPG components and car wash in the quarter. Cryogenic components continued their robust growth and above-ground fueling equipment was up on continued recovery in U.S. dispensers. We believe that our proactive intervention on production in Q4 has allowed excess channel inventory to clear and we expect this business in this segment to return to normal booking and shipping posture in 2024 with normal seasonality levered to quarters 2 and 3. Imaging & ID posted another as projected stable quarter against a difficult comparable period with a high degree of reoccurring revenue, end market and geographic diversity and exposures to growing regulatory requirements for product ID and traceability. This segment remains a consistent performer with strong margins and cash flows. Margin performance in the quarter was exemplary. Pumps & Process Solutions was up organically in the quarter on strong shipments in polymer processing and precision components. The integration of FW Murphy is off to a strong start with a good reception from our customers and notable recent wins of substantial reoccurring revenue contracts in remote monitoring and smart compressor technology. Top line performance and climate and sustainability technologies was impacted by expected volume declines in beverage can making and as well as the recent and abrupt industry slowing in the broader HVAC complex in Europe and Asia, most notably in residential heat pumps, demand - the degree of which was not incorporated in our previous forecast. Margin performance was exceptional in the quarter, driven by improvement in food retail, which posted EBIT margins in excess of 15% in the fourth quarter, traditionally a seasonally slower quarter on positive CO2 product mix and productivity. The food retail team deserves accommodation for their operational achievements to drive significant margin accretion in these past 3 years, but we still have further runway to improve largely on improved product mix. I'll pass it on to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Okay. Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide 7. The top bridge shows our organic revenue decline of 3%, with acquisitions and FX translation contributed positive 1% to the top line in the quarter. FX resulted in a $0.01 tailwind in the fourth quarter but remained a $0.06 headwind for the full year, primarily driven by inter-year movements in the euro-dollar exchange rate. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., our largest market, was up 2% in the quarter, while Europe was down 16% on lower shipments in retail fueling and HVAC components. All of Asia was up 5%. China, which represents about half of our revenue base in Asia, was up 14% organically in the quarter, driven by large order timing within polymer processing. On the bottom chart, bookings were up year-over-year due to normalization of lead times. Now on Slide 8. We are pleased with our full year free cash flow generation, which came in at $1.1 billion, nearly double the prior year's level on working capital management and lower CapEx. On the working capital front, as previously discussed, we actively work to liquidate our working capital balances in 2023 with a particular focus on inventory reduction in the back half of the year. We believe we have further room to go on working capital improvement in 2024. 2023 CapEx came in lower after reaching a record level of investment in 2022. The step down in CapEx in '23 was less pronounced due to a onetime $14 million opportunistic purchase of real estate within our Heat Exchanger business during 2023. We expect CapEx to further step down into '24. With that, I'm going to turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Okay. I'm on Slide 9. This highlights the results of some recent investments behind several fast-growing platforms and portfolio. A few years ago, these were nascent product lines with about $50 million in combined revenue. We saw a significant growth opportunity in these markets and proactively organically invested in CapEx and R&D to cultivate technological leadership and provide a sufficient foundation for these businesses to win and scale with customers. We are in the early innings of capitalizing on these investments and are excited about their long-term prospects. Across these markets, we enjoy leadership positions with recognized technology and strong relationships with marquee customers. With about $200 million in combined revenue planned for this year and a double-digit long-term growth trajectory, we expect these platforms to become meaningful contributors to Dover's overall growth profile. Slide 10 shows progress against our capital deployment priorities. After several years of elevated capital investments into capacity, productivity and automation projects, we expect capital expenditures to be lower in 2024. We continue seeking high confidence, high return on investment, organic investments, and we'll prioritize those in our capital allocation decisions. Acquisitions remain part and parcel to building a better and stronger Dover. We have been actively shaping our portfolio in line with these priorities and we indicated to investors pulled through at - through additions and subtractions as we work to reshape and enhance the portfolio towards higher growth, higher return and lower cyclicality. Our cash flow position and capital allocation optionality are far superior compared to term [ph] last year. We expect another year of solid free cash flow generation in '24, with the added benefit of sale proceeds from DESTACO should close at the end of February, the beginning of March. We have ample balance sheet capacity to continue improving our portfolio through accretive acquisitions. We're opportunistically return capital to our shareholders. Moving to Slide 11 shows the long-term financial performance of the portfolio. Despite the top line headwinds we experienced in '20 and '23 over the past 5 years, we have grown organic revenue at a 4% annualized rate ahead of GDP and industrial averages. Our margin performance over that period was solid, up 410 basis points in aggregate at a conversion margin in excess of our long-term targets we laid out and primarily driven by operational improvement and product mix. Finally, let's go to Slide 12. Our top line growth in 2024 will be driven by our secular growth exposed end markets, including CO2, data center cooling, heating, electrification and cryogenic components. The near-term outlook for precision components remain strong as demand for infrastructure investment tied to the energy transition is driving increased demand for our compressor components and engineered bearings. Our waste handling business is effectively booked for the year and to continue its double-digit growth trajectory as chassis shortage abates and haulers work to publish - replenish and upgrade their fleets. Based on recent history, we have incorporated appropriate caution in our forecast for biopharma during the year, but we are confident that we will post year-on-year growth in this end market, and we'll update our view as the year progresses. Full year consolidated operating margin is forecasted to improve on volume, product mix and productivity actions. We have done the hard work to get our channel inventories and balance and expect revenue to build off the fourth quarter exit rate with a return to pre-COVID seasonality in several businesses. Our portfolio consists of a collection of businesses that operate in attractive and unique - niche end markets. Our business model is flexible, and we can quickly respond in changes in market dynamics, be the beneficial or detrimental to the business. We have numerous cost control levels and capital allocation optionality at our disposal to deliver on our full year forecast. I'd like to thank our global teams for the efforts to deliver last year's results, and we look forward to serving our customers, partners and investors in the year and ahead. And Jack, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Andrew Obin: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Richard Tobin : Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just a question. Bookings have turned positive, I think, first time in eight quarters. How sustainable is this churn? And how much visibility do you have in bookings staying positive?
Richard Tobin : I would expect the bookings stays positive throughout '24 based on our outlook right now. I think that the channel - we've done the hard work on the channel inventory, and that's where we're seeing the inflection in the bookings, whether it be biopharma and that we would expect to see the same in Fueling Solutions. So I don't expect this trend - I don't expect to go negative unless we're going to have an unforeseen recession in 2024.
Andrew Obin: That sounds good. And then just a question on biopharma. Do you - just to clarify, do you have any biopharma recovery in the year? Because my understanding is that some of the inventory will become obsolete sometime in the first half of the year. So what is reflected in your guidance and what's not? And I know that it's been tough to call for the past 12 months. So clearly, some degree of caution is warranted.
Richard Tobin : It's not a coincidence that we did this call behind some of our customers because we had been in front of them and been wrong. We have very little accretion in earnings on biopharma despite the fact that order rates are beginning to pick up, we'd rather position ourself cautiously. And if you go back and look at the transcript, it said we were just going to update you where we are quarter-by-quarter. So I think that we're going to wait and see what we can say as we do not expect it to be down year-over-year, but we have not incorporated anything - any meaningful amount of operating profit up year-over-year. We'll keep that to ourselves until we see the orders.
Andrew Obin: And am I correct in thinking that some of the inventory does become obsolete because it's FDA regulated?
Richard Tobin : Yeah. You are absolutely correct.
Andrew Obin: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi Group.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin : Hi, Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Richard, Brad, maybe you could give us some more color on how you're thinking about the 1% to 2% organic growth by segment? And then how are you thinking about the cadence of growth in EPS for the year? I know you said you would return to pre-COVID seasonality rich [ph] in a lot of your businesses. But is this year going to be more back-end loaded given the turn in short cycle is happening kind of now?
Richard Tobin : I think that it will start slowly. So I think the Q1 will be kind of a roll forward of what we saw in Q4 to a certain extent. But again, you've got some difficult comps. I would expect by Q2 - the vast majority of accretion will occur in Q2s and Q3 as we ramp production into that. And then Q4 - Q4 was actually pretty strong for us. Usually, it's a run for working capital. But again, like every other year, it's going to be highly dependent on production rates that we adopt for Q4.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Got it. That's helpful. And then that you mentioned the intervening in clean energy and that you feel good about where your inventory is now, would you say you generally feel that way across the Dover portfolio? Maybe Heat Pumps is an exception or Heat Exchanges for you guys? And then back to Clean Energy, do you see good demand in that business? Or is it more easier comparisons that should drive it in '24?
Richard Tobin : Well, there's a lot of moving parts of what's in Clean Energy. I'd - to back up for a moment. I think that the operating posture that we adopted at-- as we move through Q3 into Q4, was predicated upon of dropping production to flush total channel inventory. And I think that we've accomplished that across the total portfolio. As you mentioned, I think what was not incorporated into our Q4 forecast was the sudden decline in demand on Heat Exchanges for Heat Pumps. Again, like biopharma, I think that we're going to be very cautious about that for '24 until we see the market return. So right now, I think that we're calling Heat Pumps down year-over-year, but I think that, that may prove to be conservative. I think that my own view is it's probably going to flush in Q1 and Q2, and then we'll return to growth on the other side. So overall, outside of Heat Exchangers for Heat Pumps, I think that we're in pretty good shape in terms of balance. And so what's incorporated into the 1 to 3 is basically that's the aggregate of demand that we see. So production demand should be pretty much in balance. So we will probably build some inventory in Q1 as we ramp back up for Q2 and Q3, but that's kind of the way we see it right now.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Can you grow DCST with Heat Exchangers down, Rich in '24?
Richard Tobin : No, right? Because you've got Belvac rolling down year-over-year, which we've expected for 3 years. If Heat Exchangers stays with our forecast, which is very conservative, the CO2 revenue growth will not offset that, but I think that we're being cautious until we see what happens and when we see what all our customers say about Heat Pump demand for 2024.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Very helpful. Thank you.
Richard Tobin : You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Richard Tobin : Hey, Scott.
Scott Davis: Hi. Thanks for being brief with your prepared remarks. I really wish everybody would get that memo. It's - it's helpful to get to the [indiscernible] point as I say and get to Q&A and let's all move on. But guys, a couple of things caught my eye. One, kind of the volatility geographically, China up 14%, Europe down 16%. And maybe if you could walk around the world a little bit for us for '24 and expecting a little bit more of a normalization there? Or maybe some puts and takes on some of the geographic moves. I'll just stop there and open it up...
Richard Tobin : Sure. Yes. Look, look, I think that the China number is kind of - first of all, China as a percent of our revenue now is, I don't know, 7% or 8%, 6% now, okay, 6%. So that number on the law of small numbers, when we make a big shipment into China out of polymer processing, it swings the numbers. Now the base business that - the remaining base business that we have in China is a reflection of the Chinese economy. It's not great. But it flexed up because of that. Europe is really a couple of things. Well, first of all, the European economy is not great, but it's been exasperated in the quarter by the sudden shift down in demand in heat exchanges or heat pumps where we went from an operating posture of selling absolutely everything we could make to selling hardly anything in about mid-September. So I think there was a market-wide recognition that inventory got over their skis a little bit, so that needs to clear. So what was baked into our forecast next year is I don't think that we're overly optimistic on Chinese demand. I think the European demand in aggregate should improve year-over-year only because of the fact of that idiosyncratic headwind that we had. But the vast majority of the growth that we've got baked into our forecast is North America driven.
Scott Davis: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. So Rich, I think you started off - the last couple of quarters, you've made increasingly more kind of tonality, positive remarks on M&A. What - this may be hard to answer, but what does good look like? If '24 is a good year for M&A? Is it to some sort of a range of dollars that you'd like to put to work or some sort of a - something where you guys just have a goal line in mind or that we can start to think about? And that's...
Richard Tobin : Well, I mean, look, yes, sure. No, I understand the question. Look, at the end of the day, the reason that we put the one slide together in terms of firepower, it was an odd dynamic coming out of COVID where earnings accretion was great, but there wasn't a lot of cash flow because it was all getting hung up in supply chain and inventory and everything else. So what we expected going into this year was this is the year we've got to generate a bunch of cash. Now we've had ample balance sheet capacity during that time period. So it's not like we haven't been doing M&A because we were waiting to build this cash position. But on the other hand, I think our ability for M&A and capital return is significantly better just on pure cash than it was 12 months ago. So you would expect us to be more active in the deployment. Now we've closed three acquisitions in the last, what, 5 months. We've got a decent pipeline of acquisitions that kind of look like that. Would we like to do something bigger? Sure. But we've got some return hurdles that - if we can't find something with those return hurdles, then we'll return the cash to shareholders. So that's the posture we always adopt. So it's not like we got to go find X amount of M&A every year. We need to find things that are attractive from a return point of view. And if we can't, it's coming back to our shareholder base.
Scott Davis: Fair enough. Best of luck this year, guys. Thank you.
Richard Tobin : Thanks.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Halloran with Baird.
Mike Halloran: Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin : Hey, Mike.
Mike Halloran: Just tying everything up, when you think about the year and the idea that things get better through the year for you, how much of that is tied to comps in destocking being behind you versus a fundamental thought process that the underlying demand patterns improve across the numerous businesses you have?
Richard Tobin : I don't think that we're getting over our skis in terms of demand. At the end of the day, we've got one to three in top line. Now taking to that one to three is we've got a small amount of dilution because we sold the DESTACO [ph] versus what we brought into the portfolio. I think from an earnings point of view, that neutralized itself, but not from a top line point of view, when I take a look at the math. We've got certain parts of the portfolio that have just done fantastically which would be can-making equipment and polymer processing equipment where are cycling down. So we've known about this coming [ph] and that's why we've been investing in a variety of other portions of the portfolio to cycle up and we're going to take a look that we had a couple of footfalls last year that we don't expect to repeat. So net-net, the underlying growth is higher than one, three because we're incorporating the headwind that we have on some of the cyclical portions of the portfolio, but it's not as if we're baking in this return on just overall GDP growth, I think that what's really baked into our growth is where we have invested. So like what we just try to highlight on that page. I mean, we've taken - we've got a significant amount of revenue growth on three platforms that really didn't exist in the group up until a year ago of any consequence. So the growth is a little bit better than the highlight figure just because of the headwinds we got on the cyclical ones. And it's largely driven on specific products and end market exposure rather than AG, the Fed's going to drop interest rates and GDP is going to expand.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. I guess what I would add to that is, unlike like we've been pretty vocal about the fact that price was pretty significant to the top line over the last 2 years that I would say, while it's not a big set of numbers here because of the one to three guide, there is positive volume growth, except for the first quarter as we come down on this idiosyncratic issue that we're talking about. So I think it is a better setup for us this year than years past where you can actually now think about plant absorption, return to volume, not just price.
Mike Halloran: Helpful. It makes a lot of sense. And then when you think about the pumps business, the industrial pumps piece, maybe just talk about what you're seeing underneath to put on that side, trajectory, order trends, et cetera, and how you're thinking about that for the year?
Richard Tobin : It's decent. It really - the industrial pump side never really had the kind of headwind in terms of stocking and destocking. And that's really high-value equipment. So it's more or less fundamental demand. I think there was some caution in the back half of '23 just because of the carryover of interest rates and everything else. I think what's baked into our forecast this year is some growth, but not anything extraordinary on the industrial side.
Brad Cerepak: Right.
Mike Halloran: Makes sense. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it
Richard Tobin : Thanks. Yeah.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
Richard Tobin : Hi.
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Where are you in the like standoff on price and volume? And what do you assume for price for the year?
Richard Tobin : Price is about a point to a point and a half. And on volume, I think...
Brad Cerepak: Roughly the same thing. So on 50-50...
Richard Tobin : Yes. So a point to a point and a half, and so it's 50-50 on price volume. And I think that we've done the hard work because of what the argument of against price is inventory balances. And I think that the one way you can protect price is not get over your skis in terms of inventory. And I think based on what you see in our cash flow that we've done the hard work for a good setup there. So right now, all we need to do is toggle production with orders at this point.
Steve Tusa: How much do you think that production take down in the quarter? Did that impact margins to a degree?
Richard Tobin : Yes. I mean you can see it in clean energy for sure.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then lastly, just any kind of more specific color on total margins for the year, whether it's basis point improvement or a hard number for margins?
Richard Tobin : How's up for an answer. I know it's so dependent on mix. We'd like to see a quarter or two before we want to put a hard number on it. But I think that by and large, we should mix up this year.
Steve Tusa: Sorry, one more for you. EPS seasonality too. How do you see that kind of feathering in over the course of the year? What do you expect in 1Q? And then how does that build?
Richard Tobin : Right. I think that Q1 will be more of a reflection of Q4. So I don't get all worked up about the comp. And then we bought - we get the absorption because we ramp from there and then regular seasonality. The vast majority of the accretion in EPS should be Q2 and Q3. And by the time we get to the half year, we'll probably have a good idea of where we stand on Q4. But I think that we put it in all the caution that we can just in terms of the macro, right? This is - our fundamental forecast is basically what we think volume is going to be by vertical here that - so we think that we can hit these numbers. And if we get a better macro or we get biopharma or return on some amount of HVAC that we're ready to go, but we prefer - rather than trying to lead that like we have over the last couple of years and speaking to those end markets, it's more of a show me. It comes, we'll upgrade our forecasting.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. And on those two businesses, specifically, we're talking about SWEP [ph] and CPC. When the volume does come, they do convert and the mix is up. So that's the good news.
Steve Tusa: Thanks. Thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin : Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Richard Tobin : Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey. So Rich, a lot of discussion around your portfolio these days. Just curious what you'd like to share about the potential to unlock value by divesting some of the pieces of the portfolio? Any comments you'd like to share there would be great.
Richard Tobin : I mean we're committed to managing the portfolio. I think we sold DESTACO, I think, at a pretty good price in 2023. We've just - we've closed three acquisitions over the last five months where I think are margin accretive and more growth-oriented assets. So I think we'll do the same thing. I think that bigger portfolio moves, you need balance sheet optionality. And I think that if you look at what the knock-on effect of the really good cash flow that we have this past year is our balance sheet optionality is in a really good place. So - which we can be more prosaic about what that means, but at least the building blocks that we need to continue to shape portfolio have improved year-over-year. Let me put it to you that way.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. That's helpful. And I missed some of the initial commentary around the guide. I know that there - organically, I think you guys talked about maybe 5% to 7% EPS growth. But just maybe kind of help me understand the low end, the high end, what kind of shapes both of those?
Richard Tobin : Well, I mean, the headline figure at one to three, you need to take into account that we know where we have cyclical headwinds going forward, right? So we had banked significant profits out of polymer processing and can-making equipment that we knew this headwind was coming. So in that one to three, we're making all that up. We've got a bit of a headwind in terms of the disposal of DESTACO coming out, that the acquisitions, I think on a profit point of view, neutralizes it, but not from a top line point of view. And then I think that we've - unlike previous years where we've kind of led forecasting in terms of biopharma and HVAC components because those are battlegrounds. We've taken a very cautious stance on that, and we're going to wait to see how the market develops.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, good enough. Thanks, guys.
Richard Tobin : Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin : Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, Rich, just back to capital deployment. If I think about what you've laid out in the guide here today, is there any prospective capital deployment on share repurchase or deleveraging or anything like that in the numbers?
Richard Tobin : Some, right. Look, if you calculate the EPS accretion on a cautious top line that you'd come with an incremental margin that is pretty high, right? So at the end of the day, what's incorporated in there is a little bit of capital deployment, whether that be in M&A activity or share repurchase. The timing of which we'll let you know when it happens.
Jeff Sprague: And then on your Slide 10, right? I mean, you do have two segments that are net negative M&A. I mean, does this kind of inform where we're headed over time? There's gems [ph] in DCST, obviously, like CO2. But should we take that chart at face value on what you're - how you're thinking about reshaping the portfolio?
Richard Tobin : Well, that chart actually foots to the chart that we put out in 2020 in terms of the hierarchy of capital allocation to a certain - well, I think the DPPS and DCEF kind of flipped, but that - because you can't control in terms of closing acquisitions. Yes, I mean, overall, yes. I mean if you think that engineered products outside of defense has been an organic issue for us for some time. And DCST, Belvac and SWEP are organic and I think in refrigeration, I think that what we've done with the total investment, that would be an organic play also. So yes, I think that the hierarchy there, they may flip around a little bit, but it's largely correct.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. And just on the - back on the orders, Rich, that strengthened process orders in the quarter. Was that all bio or did something else notably pick up in there?
Richard Tobin : I think it's broad based, and I think it's more influenced by what do we call them, the thermal connectors.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Richard Tobin : You're welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Richard Tobin : Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Morning. Maybe I just wanted to start with the operating margins. So I realize you're not giving a sort of firm-wide number for this year or much segment color. So maybe trying to think about some of the firm-wide drivers of margin this year. So I think there's some positive volume leverage because those are up 1, 1.5 points. Price cost is broadly neutral. M&A and divestment seems maybe neutral, what you've announced so far. So I wondered if those three assumptions were right. And then mix, I guess, anything you'd characterize from all those moving parts sort of biopharma stable, heat pump down, polymer and can down, maybe fueling up, like in aggregate, is there much of a mix impact do you think on margins in your guide?
Richard Tobin : Well, you touched on them all, Julian. Yes. I mean, look, we cut production in DCF to manage inventory. So that is not just the lost products that we sell. It's all - and we did it on the underground portion of the business, which is highly margin accretive. So we get that back and it's reflected in Q4, and it's reflected in the year-over-year. So we would expect as we balance production that returns. Engineered Products, really the bulk of the margin accretion in '23 was driven by ESG, but that was more or less back half and we expect a full year of that going into 2024. And if you recall, we had a little bit of a hiccup with an implementation of ERP and VSG last year, which we don't expect to reoccur again. So that's helpful. PII, what do we close at? 25% margins. That's great. So that's more a revenue issue for us. DPPS has had a biopharma headwind now for 2-plus years. What we're calling here it's no longer a headwind and whatever we get on the top side, which we're not baking in a lot right now or hardly anything is going to be accretive. And the DCST has got - right now in our forecast would be margin down on mix because Belvac, which we knew was going to come down and our cautious stance on heat pumps. If we're wrong about being cautious about heat pumps, then that will flex that will - the headwind will be less than we've got modeled into our forecast for the year.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thank you. And I just wanted to follow up when you were talking about sort of some of the quarterly earnings trends. So do we assume sort of Q1 earnings or EPS is flattish? And then as you said, you get into the meat of the earnings growth in Q2 and Q3?
Richard Tobin : Yes, I'm not going to go - it's - Q1 will be more of a reflection of the carryforward of Q4. What we'll get is some amount of production ramp, but a lot of bad comps and then we accelerate right out of there.
Julian Mitchell: That's great. Thank you.
Richard Tobin : Welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. We've covered a lot of ground. And Rich, you clearly don't want to give too much cover on margins, but I just wanted to have another crack here. Clearly, margin leverage is a big driver of earnings this year. So maybe just talk about what you baked in for structural cost savings? I know we've got some roll forward from some of the actions you took in '23, but maybe just itemize any other significant cost actions you've taken driving margins in '24?
Richard Tobin : Yes. If we go back and look at the transcript, Nigel, we do have carryforward from actions that we took in the back half of the year. We've got some coming. I'm not ready to calendarize it yet because they're not fully baked, but we do have a list of - we do have a list of cost actions, which are more of a revenue hedge. So if we take those actions and we're right on the demand profile, those should actually be accretive to us. So they're not necessarily baked in at this point. And the reason they're not baked in is because we're working on the timing in terms of the execution.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then on pricing, we've been very successful in pushing price. I mean, I think we've all been a little bit nervous about some of the more raw material sensitive businesses, SWEP, Hillphoenix and maybe parts of ESG as well. But it sounds like your customers are forecasting inflation on their components, specifically with the HVAC end market. So just curious what you're seeing in terms of pricing power across the portfolio in '24, specifically within some of these more raw material sensitive end markets?
Richard Tobin : Yes, it's interesting. I mean, if you go back and look at our realized pricing, and I'm talking about the portion of the pricing that's fallen all the way to the bottom line, it has not been dramatic for us. And it's a source of consternation around here of what is capable in pricing. And so if we look at some of our end market customers and what they've passed through on pricing, I guess that we've been jealous for lack of better words. So to us, it's been - we've - I don't want to be negative. I think we've taken some price I don't feel that we've got a couple of businesses that have escalation, de-escalation clauses in terms of inputs. I think we've been on the front foot in those businesses of being proactive about locking in our pricing, especially going into this year. So right now, we've actually got a little bit of room if we had to give back pricing, but that's not my expectation. Our issue has always been that the way to defend pricing is not to get over your skis and inventory, and that's why we took it into the neck to a certain extent to kind of manage that position at the end of last year going into kind of the demand environment, at least the setup as we see it today, I think that we feel good about our ability to protect price.
Nigel Coe: Right, okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for fitting me in.
Richard Tobin : Thanks, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey. Was there any comments puts or takes on how January started? And just a couple of minutes ago, the ISM January new orders came out at above 50 for the first time, I think, in like 1.5 years, so at 52.5. But any puts and takes from your perspective there?
Richard Tobin : You know what, I don't know. So I would expect if it's been terrible, I would have heard something. Usually, when it's positive, no one tells me anything. But - so we haven't even closed the month yet, Deane. So - but I'm unaware of it being worse than what we have baked in.
Deane Dray: All right. Good to hear. And then just a quick question. Data center cooling came up a couple of different times. Your heat exchangers play a key role there. Do you have a sense of how that is geared towards air cooling versus liquid cooling because there's a big investment cycle starting, I mean, it's more than 30% growth in liquid cooling side. Will you participate in that?
Richard Tobin : It's almost exclusively levered towards liquid cooling.
Deane Dray: Yes. And are you not tied to a particular vendor, you'll be - you're a component supplier for that. Is that correct?
Richard Tobin : That's correct.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. When we say thermal, we need liquid cooling in data centers.
Deane Dray: That's great.
Richard Tobin : Yeah. But we supply everybody.
Deane Dray: Thank you...
Brad Cerepak: It's not just heat exchangers, it's connectors, too.
Deane Dray: Understood.
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Richard Tobin : Got it?
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you, Angela. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call today. An audio version of this call will be available on our website through November 14, and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for 90 days. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Okay. Thanks, Andrey. We posted very encouraging results [and let us] become a dynamic operating environment across our different end markets and geographies. Revenue and order rates improved sequentially in the quarter on normalizing lead times and inventories, improving demands across several end markets and a return to normal seasonality. Our backlog continued to normalize in the quarter, in tandem with lead times as we shipped longer-dated orders from our books. Broadly speaking, margins performance in the quarter was exceptional, reaching an all-time high driven by productivity, cost controls and disciplined pricing, which more than offset the negative product mix in Pumps & Process Solutions. The proactive structural cost actions we have undertaken over the last 12 months are paying dividends and should support strong margin conversion going forward. Our recent portfolio moves, the acquisition of FW Murphy and the sale of De-Sta-Co followed the portfolio intent and priorities that we reiterated at our Investor Day earlier in the year and continued our portfolio evolution towards higher-growth and higher-return businesses at attractive valuations. Our balance sheet position and cash flow are strong and provide attractive optionality as we continue to pursue bolt-on acquisitions in a more favorable M&A environment and evaluate opportunistic capital return strategies. We have reduced our EPS guidance for the full-year and are now targeting the low-end of the previous guidance range. This is driven by continued lag in biopharma recovery that we expected to happen in the second half of the year. Temporary cost and supply chain issues that I'll expand upon later and a general trend towards inventory liquidation across supply chains as a result of macro uncertainty and prohibitive carrying costs, I'll cover the specifics in the segment commentary. Overall, demand remains good across the portfolio, considering the plentiful negative macro headlines. Our new product launches and capacity additions and identified areas of growth are all on track, and we expect that our fourth quarter production posture will help balance our channel inventories with prevailing demand, lead times and inventory carrying costs by the end of 2023. We are increasingly convinced that inventory position will be critical to the pricing dynamic and financial results moving into 2024. Going into 2024, we expect to see growth in our bookings driven by secular growth exposed in recovering end markets, and we expect to carry an elevated backlog into next year in select businesses. Between our demand outlook, flexible business model and in-flight structural cost actions, we see good foundation for value creation in 2024. Let's move on to the performance highlights on Page 4. Consolidated revenue was down 2% in the quarter despite sequential growth in four out of five segments. Bookings were up sequentially, but down 4% organically year-over-year, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.93, reflecting better lead times and strong shipments against our longer-dated orders. As a result, our backlog continued to normalize, but remains elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels. Segment margins were up 50 basis points to 21.7%, a record since the Apergy spin as broadly based productivity and portfolio improvements were more than able to offset biopharma mix. Adjusted EPS was up 4% to $2.35 in the quarter. And positive price/cost dynamics, together with cost containment actions, strong execution, more than offset lower volumes. Let's go to Slide 5. Engineered Products was down 3% organically in the quarter. General weakness in Europe and Asia, together with lower shipments in vehicle service, more than offset the record quarter in aerospace and defense and strong shipments in waste hauling. Order rates in the segment were up 12% organically in the quarter, primarily driven by waste handling business, which continues to take capacity reservations well into 2024. Margins at 20% were up 260 basis points year-over-year driven by a better mix of recurring and aftermarket revenue, price/cost and productivity investments made in previous periods. I'd like to mention the announcement of our agreement to divest De-Sta-Co, one of the operating units within the Engineered Products segments and an attractive valuation. This is not related to [indiscernible] performance, but we leave the valuation we achieved underscores the quality and strong performance of the businesses that we have proven to have best-in-class operating margin and less cyclicality than typical capital goods businesses. Clean Energy & Fueling revenue was flat organically in the quarter. We saw double-digit growth in components for LNG and hydrogen markets. And the aboveground retail fueling business returned to growth as post-EMV recovery is in progress. High interest rates led to project push-outs in vehicle wash and an unforecasted channel destocking has resulted in slower activity in LPG components and belowground fueling, which are highly margin accretive to the segment. Margins in the quarter were at 20%, were up 40 basis points on structural cost actions in our retail fueling business and solid execution more than offset negative mix.  Imaging & ID was down 4% organically as slowing demand in China and a difficult comparable period in marking and coding printer shipments more than offset the growth in serialization software and marking and coding consumables and professional services. Margins in Imaging & ID was strong at 26%, though down year-over-year against an all-time record high for the segment in the comparable quarter. Pumps & Process Solutions was down 7% organically in the quarter. Precision components and hygienic dosing systems posted another quarter of excellent growth, but were more than offset by the continued softness in biopharma. Industrial pumps and polymer processing [were stable] in the quarter. Segment margin of 27% was down to the lower mix of biopharma revenue. Topline in Climate & Sustainability Technologies was up 2% organically. CO2 systems continued its double-digit growth trajectory. Heat exchanger shipments remained strong in North America and Europe, though we experienced the beginning of demand headwinds in Asia. The segment posted strong margin performance of 18% in the quarter with our food retail business or refrigeration business operating at a robust 15% margin. The steady margin improvement trajectory in refrigeration has been noteworthy as positive mix and productivity investments have driven excellent margin conversion. We expect the margin improvement trend to continue for the whole segment. I'll pass it on to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 7. The top bridge shows our organic revenue decline of 2%. Both acquisitions and FX translation contributed positive 1% to the topline in the quarter. FX, which has been a headwind for the past year and a half resulted in $0.02 of positive EPS impact in the quarter. Based on recent movement in the euro/dollar exchange rate, we now expect FX to be a $0.01 to $0.02 headwind in the fourth quarter. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., our largest market was down 7% in the quarter due to lower shipments in vehicle service, biopharma, LPG components and belowground retail fueling. Europe was down 5% and Asia was down 3%. China, which represents about half of our revenue base in Asia, was down 5% organically in the quarter. On the bottom chart, bookings were down year-over-year due to normalization of lead times and strong shipments against elevated backlogs. Now on our cash flow statement, Slide 8. Year-to-date, free cash flow came in at $688 million or 11% of revenue, represented an increase of nearly $400 million year-over-year. As discussed previously, with supply chains improving, we have begun actively working to liquidate our working capital balances in 2023. We accelerated our inventory reduction in the third quarter and expect the trend to continue as we plan to balance our inventory levels by the end of the year. Free cash flow generation has historically peaked in the fourth quarter. And again, we expect strong fourth quarter cash flow to finish the year. Our forecast for 2023 free cash flow is 13% to 15% of revenue. Let me turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: All right. I'm on Slide 9. We expect Engineered Products to generate moderate growth in the fourth quarter. Aerospace and defense should remain strong. Meanwhile, the auto strike will weigh on several businesses in the near-term. Growth in our waste handling business, which is expected to be robust in the fourth quarter into 2024 will be reduced in the near-term by recent strike at a major truck OEM impacting deliveries. Shipments in vehicle aftermarket expected to be lower versus a record previous year on higher interest rates weigh on service shop's ability to finance CapEx. We expect margins to improve in the quarter on positive price/cost tailwinds and benefits from our recent productivity capital investments. Clean Energy & Fueling is expected to remain steady. Clean energy, LNG and hydrogen components should continue their robust trajectory and order trends in aboveground retail fueling point to continued post-EMV recovery. We expect channel destocking and interest rate-driven headwinds in the belowground fueling segment, LPG components and vehicle wash to maintain through year-end. We expect stable margin performance as the $60 million in aggregate structural cost containment actions in retail fueling should offset negative mix from lower belowground and lower car wash volumes. Imaging & ID is expected to be down organically against a difficult comparable period driven by slowing demand in Asia and a subdued outlook for textiles. Serialization software should continue its growth trajectory. Our new customer conversion margin performance should remain at attractive levels at this segment. Pumps & Process is expected to remain roughly flat organically in the fourth quarter. Precision components should continue growth tailwinds from energy transition projects. Polymer processing is booked for the year. The recovery in biopharma components has been very subdued. And although channel inventory levels are now below pre-pandemic levels, end customer demand has not recovered enough to drive 2023 growth despite earlier forecast indicating recovery. We have reduced our production and inventory levels appropriately and will remain in this posture for the balance of the year. This is generally a short-cycle business, and we can ramp as order rates recover in 2024. We expect year-over-year margin headwinds on negative mix in biopharma. And after several years of impressive topline growth, Climate & Sustainability Technologies is expect to moderate in the fourth quarter as demand for heat exchangers abruptly slowed in Q3 due to near-term uncertainty in European heat pumps. As a result, we are reducing production levels to allow for inventory to be cleared in the fourth quarter. Traditional refrigeration demand will retain its seasonality with reduced activity during the holiday season. But we continue to see robust demand for our CO2 refrigeration systems and are ramping up production and go-to-market efforts appropriately. We expect continued year-over-year margin improvement through year-end on productivity gains and improved mix. Going to Slide 10. Our updated EPS guide reflects the near-term changes in demand and our production posture, temporary and isolated issues in the supply chain and costs related to acquisitions, integration and divestment activities. We expect these headwinds to be partially offset by a lower effective tax rate in Q4 as a result of tax reorganization activities driven by upcoming regulatory changes. As I've highlighted, we believe our changed operating and production posture focused on reducing inventories and prioritizing cash flow over volume in reaction to the dynamic operating environment is critical to setting up 2024 outlook where we can maintain and expand operating margins. Let's go to Slide 11 and take a quick look at the inorganic moves that we made during the quarter. Here, we summarized the two recently announced transaction that align well with our portfolio priorities and enhance the overall quality of Dover's portfolio through margin growth and reoccurring revenue uplift, all while reducing our exposure to automotive and China. Importantly, we are able to acquire FW Murphy, a lower valuation multiple than our sale of De-Sta-Co and the after-tax proceeds from the De-Sta-Co sale more than pay for FW Murphy, preserving significant balance sheet capacity for additional capital deployment options. Slide 12 provides more color on the rationale for the acquisition of FW Murphy by our precision components operating unit, which is part of Pumps & Process Solutions segment. FW Murphy brings a highly complementary product offering to our existing position in reciprocating compression industry. FW Murphy Solutions capitalized on the growing adoption of advanced remote monitoring, control real-time optimization solutions as customers seek to reduce costs, improve uptime and lower emissions. In combination with our best-in-class clean technology and our leading position in sealing and valve technology for alternative energy applications, including in hydrogen, the FW Murphy acquisition offers a compelling value proposition into a global industry where we see robust demand from energy transition investments. The FW Murphy acquisition provides a good segue into our next topic, which is to highlight, the recent developments in investment in sustainability-driven markets, starting on Slide 13. There has been plenty of interest around hydrogen as a result of the recent announcement of $7 billion in federal funding for multiple regional hydrogen hubs that are expected to also attract $40 billion in private funding and a roster of blue chip industry participants. Dover has established a position in hydrogen with the 2021 acquisition of Acme, which supplies flow control components for liquid hydrogen and [indiscernible], which offers turnkey hydrogen refueling sites. Additionally, we are organically invested in extending DPCs gas compression components to participate in gaseous hydrogen applications. In short, there is no hydrogen economy without compression. We have great relationships with the industrial gas and hydrogen players and aim to participate throughout the whole value chain through transport and storage through end-use in collaboration with equipment OEMs. We are well positioned to capitalize on growth in hydrogen and industry with a high focus on safety and regulatory compliance with high technological requirements for participation. Moving to Slide 14. The EPA recently finalized its rule under the AIM Act with a deadline for new installation of refrigeration systems to be compliant with lower GWP requirements by January of 2027. We believe this rule is a clear tailwind to our CO2 systems business. And we have had a leading position in the European CO2 market for over a decade where we enjoyed steady double-digit growth trajectory. We were the early mover in transplanting this technology to the U.S. where we currently enjoy technological lead and have the largest installed based and broadest differentiated offering. We have proactively expanded our capacity in addition and in participation of market growth and have been investing behind a platform-based product strategy to drive standardization, thereby reducing costs for ourselves and our customers, improving product quality and simplifying the sales process. Our global CO2 business is approximately $200 million in revenue. The U.S. market is in the early innings, and our business is on track for 30% growth in 2023 with a strong outlook. We are also excited about our new CO2-based heat pump offerings for industrial and district heating applications. It's early days, but we have an active pipeline of orders. And finally, on Slide 15 shows our latest views on heat exchangers since it has become a battleground topic. Our heat exchanger business supplies brazed plate technology, which is currently the most sustainable commercialized heat transfer technology for fluids. We have been the clear beneficiary of the sustainability and climate tailwinds across various applications with a lot of attention drawn recently from our participation as a key supplier to hydronic heat pumps. Heat pumps have emerged in recent years as a technology of choice to decarbonize residential heating, which is responsible for a significant portion of global emissions with hydronic heat pumps as a primary technology to retrofit houses that rely on water-based heating. Legislative initiatives in European Union and individual countries are driving the conversion of fossil fuel boiler with heat pumps. Recent uncertainties about subsidies in select European countries have weighed on near-term volumes, as I indicated earlier. Our exposure across multiple OEMs and geographies, and as such, we are not over-indexed to any product or customer concentration risk. We remain confident about the long-term growth prospects for heat pumps and our technology. It is important to note that European residential heat pumps represent only a quarter of our heat exchanger business. You see several solid growth vectors driven by sustainability tailwinds and continue to share gains from other legacy heat exchanger technologies. We have proactively expanded our capacity as we expect continued robust growth trajectory in heat exchangers, albeit with slightly lower rates in the near-term as various dynamics in Europe slow down. I close my prepared remarks by thanking our global teams for driving our strong financial performance during the quarter. And it's time for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: So I think you were a little more positive in early September than this fourth quarter guidance, understand maybe the world's changed a little bit since then. Maybe you could just discuss that. But then just looking ahead, thinking about perhaps a more cautious view of the world for next year. What's kind of a low-end assumption for next year when it comes to organic and margins? Just to kind of level set us on a case where perhaps the orders don't recouple as strongly to the trend lines or the trend lines are a little bit weaker. Like in your macro view, what is a more cautious outlook for next year bring for Dover? Because you've been talking about growth there as things recouple the trend. It seems like that would have changed over the last month or so.
Richard Tobin: Okay. That's a lot to take on this. Steve, let's give it a try. Look, I think if we look at our forecast for the year, we were just wrong about biopharma. I mean, we were getting indications from our customers that there was going to be some nascent recovery. We actually did see some order upticks, but quite frankly, it just never turned into much. So that's a little bit different than we were back in September. I think we just have to throw in the towel on biopharma demand and it gets pushed to 2024. We didn't expect in terms of market dynamics was this UAW on trucks, right? We thought it would stay limited into the car sector. And unfortunately, what we were betting on is being able to ship quite heavily out of ESG in Q4. We'll actually have a good quarter in Q4, but it's not going to be as robust in our plans. I think I mentioned on the heat exchangers. That was a little bit of an abrupt reversal and really didn't happen until almost the end of Q3. So up until about 30 days ago. Everything looked good there. And I think that we've got a little bit of a pivot as what we understand is there's a lot of finished goods in the supply chain that need to be reduced from there. So at the end of the day, I think it slowed some and – which leads into the next question. And the next question, our positioning now is to drive for cash because I think that the way we're going to be able to protect margins into 2024 is not to be long inventory. We had a lot of discussions around here about incentivizing revenue in 2024 driving revenue, but then you start touching on things like price and you start touching on things like payment terms, and we're not going there. I mean I think that the strategy that we have is to adapt quickly and efficiently to the market demand, bring down our inventory with the hope of – with the strategy of protecting margin into next year. And I think if you look at how we've handled demand this year, it's exactly what we've done at the end of the day. I mean, we talked about it before. What we had seen over the previous two years was not a lot of unitary demand. You saw a lot of pricing going into the system. So we came into this year saying, there's probably going to be less price and some unitary demand, but the important – and I think that we've done that in terms of managing, which is reflected in our margins year-to-date, is managing not getting oversupply and over our SKUs a little bit in terms of inventory and that we're going to take that on for next year. Do you want me to make a call on the market next year? I think we're going to have to wait on that. Clearly, there's a lot of headwinds in the system. I don't want to get on a personal soapbox, but the amount of liquidity that's being withdrawn is going to show up somewhere. And this notion that we're all going to wait on the government to bail us out because of this wave of government spending coming, I find that a problematic strategy. So I think it all is going to be triggered by monetary policy between now and the end of the year, which is going to allow for us to predict growth into next year. What I can tell you is, is if we do what we're planning on doing in Q4, we will not be long inventory, and we're not going to get into a situation where if there are kind of topline headwinds that we're going to have to start playing price to drive growth.
Steve Tusa: So like should we just think about flat as a starting point for next year?
Richard Tobin: No, I don't think so. I think that we're ahead of the curve. Remember, we're a component supplier into end market industries, right? So we're first at the end of the day. So I think that if we get this right, we've got topline growth next year, even in a pretty benign kind of macro environment, I think that we can drive growth. And I think that's part of the reason that we covered some of those growth vectors in terms of our investment at the end of the presentation.
Steve Tusa: Great. All right. Thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning. Hey, Rich, maybe a question on restructuring and thinking fueling in particular. I think you had a lot of restructuring planned there for Q4, but it looks like you're guiding margins kind of flat, I guess, on a year-over-year basis. Could you speak to that? Maybe it's some of the absorption issues you're talking about on inventory, but love some more color on the margin trajectory there?
Richard Tobin: Sure. I think if you go back and look at the script, basically, what it says is the restructuring that we took is going to protect margins into Q4 because we actually have a poor mix forecasted for Q4 because where we've been seeing the headwinds in Fueling Solutions is in the below-ground portion of the segment, and that is highly accretive to margins. We're basically – you heard me answer Steve's question there, we're taking the position of let's allow inventory to be draw down even we would argue at this point, below even normal levels between now and the end of the year and protect production performance into next year. So the restructuring benefit – the restructuring that we've done is actually protecting margins into Q4.
Jeffrey Sprague: And on these questions of just kind of what's at the customer level, right, whether it was biopharma earlier this year, heat pumps, maybe now, some other pockets, how would you kind of square up your visibility and kind of comfort level on understanding what the right level of inventory is or when the customer demand equation might turn a little bit?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think we're getting a lot better at it. At the end of the day, where we sell through distribution, we have visibility, right, because we've just got a material position within distribution, so we can see pretty much stocking levels. At the OEM level, it becomes a lot more difficult. At the end of the day, we're relying on the OEMs to basically tell us their own position. So let's take heat exchangers. Up until 45 days ago, it was still a demand capacity deficit of give us everything you've got and then all of a sudden, for reasons that I tried to cover, the markets come to a halt because there's a recognition of the seemingly is a lot of finished goods in the chain now that need to be bled off. So like I said, from – if it's distribution, I think that we've got a pretty good handle on it. When it's OEM, we just got to take the signals from them.
Jeffrey Sprague: I'm sorry, just a quick one for Brad. Does the tax rate bounce back to 20-something next year? Or what should we expect going forward?
Brad Cerepak: Yes, Jeff, the things we're seeing here in Q3 and into Q4 on taxes, will not carry into next year. So said differently, I think our 2024 tax rate is going to be much like we saw earlier in this year when we gave guidance, somewhere in that 20% to 22% rate.
Jeffrey Sprague: Right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
David Ridley-Lane: Good morning. This is David Ridley-Lane on for Andrew Obin. Rich, how would you characterize kind of the excess backlog at this point in time, and how that kind of interplays into the revenue you'll see versus kind of the bookings trends that you need?
Richard Tobin: I don't think that we have excess backlog anymore. I mean, I think that we're – by the end of the year, we will have drawn down our longer cycle backlog, particularly in Belvac and MAAG, which drove a lot of it. I think it will end up being a little bit higher than kind of on average in terms of its aggregate, if you go back and look over the last five years, but that is more related to portfolio – general portfolio mix as opposed to anything else. So like I said, at the end of the year, we think that we'll be in balance between our inventory and our – either the customer distribution inventory, I would expect the long-cycle business backlogs to be done that reduction to be done by the end of the year.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And then I know it's tough to ask about bookings, but do you see bookings sequentially increasing in the fourth quarter then?
Richard Tobin: I got to go back and take a look. I mean, I would say flat. If I think about where bookings are coming from, we got a lot in ESG at high dollar value because quite frankly, we're booking well into 2024 in that particular business just because of supply constraints. Flat, I would call it right now. I think that there's an overall caution with the macro – everybody recognizes that lead times have been vastly reduced. So I think that there's going to be a lot of hurry for bookings in Q4, but we would expect a pretty large acceleration in Q1, if we’ve got.
David Ridley-Lane: Understood. Thank you very much.
Richard Tobin: Welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Halloran with Baird. Please go ahead.
Michael Halloran: Hey, good morning everyone. Two here. So first, on the inventory side, you're obviously bringing your inventory down a fair amount pretty aggressively, more so than what we're hearing elsewhere. Do you have the same sense of urgency in the channel when you look at your channel partners? Or do you think they're lagging the pace of your inventory drawdown?
Richard Tobin: No. I think that our channel partners are, in certain cases, below normal holding pattern. And that is because of the cost of carry with interest rates. So if you think about a typical distributor that's got $100 million of inventory, a working capital loan that they would have been able to have 18 months ago was probably 2% or 3%. They're probably paying nine now, right? So there's a dynamic now because of higher interest rates of everybody trying to liquidate working capital because of the cost of that working capital, that’s included, by the way. And we're in a little bit of a standoff in certain end markets where we would argue that inventories are down too low, but we are not going to incentivize revenue into the system either through price or through terms. We're just going to sit tight and we'll cut our own production into Q4 because that's just harvesting demand that's in 2024 into 2023.
Michael Halloran: So the comment that you made to the previous question about order having a better chance to turn positive in the first quarter, I'm guessing part of it is the comments you just made that inventory flush through the channel essentially normalizes by year-end, and you should have a lease normal throughput, if not a little bit more, given where inventory levels are in certain channels?
Richard Tobin: That's correct. I mean, if you look at the topline revenue trajectory in some of our businesses, you have to take destocking into it. That's not a reflection of end market demand. It's end market demand minus destocking.
Michael Halloran: Great. And then on the DPPS side, maybe just kind of parse out the moving pieces there. Obviously, you have the continued destock on the biopharm piece, creating some pretty easy comps in the next year, but a lot of your other pieces are a little bit more IP sensitive. So maybe just talk about some of the moving pieces you're seeing on that side.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that overall, it's underestimated, the amount of profit loss that we've had on the biopharma reduction. To the extent that we're clocking at record margins in the quarter, while eating this pretty bad sandwich here, I think that – quite frankly, I think we're pretty proud of. So to the extent that it's pushed into 2024, at the end of the day, the comps get pretty damn easy once we get into Q1 of next year. The balance of the underlying business, Precision Components, where we basically bought FW Murphy into, look, we're behind energy transition. We're betting on gas in total LNG hydrogen, you name it. Order rates there, we expect to be really good. I think MAAG on plastics and polymers, we've driven down a lot of that backlog. That's probably the one business that's probably going to be weaker next year, but I think it gets completely offset by DPC and by FW Murphy and some amount of bio.
Michael Halloran: Great. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning guys.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, you've talked about being proactive regarding cost set. But if economic conditions stay somewhat difficult, what kind of opportunities do you have to deliver the kind of margins you just delivered in Q3? And then I think you were fearful at the beginning of the year that pricing in industrials might erode a bit. Have you seen any erosion or do you expect any erosion in your markets? Or would you still expect resilient price cost moving forward?
Richard Tobin: We're always working on efficiency and structural cost takeout at the end of day. So that's just part and parcel to the business model here. Look, in a dire demand environment, if I point back to how we performed during the COVID period, we’ve got the ability to flex the cost structure, we don't want to, other than kind of productivity and efficiency driven not from a demand point of view. As it relates to pricing, look, I think there was a comment in the script, if you go back and look is that we fundamentally believe that inventory position is going to be incredibly important as it relates to pricing as it goes into 2024. And that's why we're taking a little bit of hard medicine here between now and the end of the year of not to incentivize demand through pricing action, right? We've done a lot of hard work of moving the margins up here, and we're keeping these margins.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Helpful, Rich. And then maybe just a little more color into the puts and takes you're seeing in DCST. You mentioned the slowdown in the heat exchangers, but the strength in CO2 systems, you mentioned as well, and you did deliver strong margin. Do you still see DCST as a growth segment for you in 2024? And how would you assess margin potential from here, given what you just report in Q3?
Richard Tobin: Look, I think that I think the heat exchanger is temporal, right? I mean, we went through this incredible amount of demand. I don't know if we were clocking up until a month ago, but it was very high demand that we had there. I think this is just a little bit of an inventory clearing thing. So we expect growth out of the heat exchanger business next year. I think that we did our highest margin quarter in refrigeration in the last five years here. We don't think that, that's – we're going to give back there. Now just recall, though, that Q4, we have to take production down due to seasonality there, all right? So that has some amount of impact on margins. But the trajectory on refrigeration, coupled with CO2, which is margin accretive, we would expect margins to increase there next year. Clearly, we're going to – that will likely offset the negative input from Belvac, which we expect will run off its backlog next year and have a little bit of a down year in 2024.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate all the color.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joseph Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Richard Tobin: Joe.
Joseph Ritchie: Hey. Just a few quick follow-ups on just the inventory dynamics because, I mean, Rich, you've been doing this a while. It typically – based on what we've seen, it typically takes longer than a quarter to normalize inventory. And so just any color on your confidence on being able to get inventory where you need it to be by the end of the year? Or is there a good likelihood that some of this kind of spills into 2024?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, when we're talking about total inventory, we're talking about our own inventory, which we're in control of, which is reflected in the cash flow that we're signing up for, right? That takes working capital liquidation, a big chunk of that is inventory. I think if you look at the $600 million of free cash flow during the quarter, a material chunk of that was our own inventory reduction. When we're talking about channel inventory, like I said before, we're – we've been – the channel inventory in a lot of our end markets has been coming down progressively over the year. And now we're adopting a posture between now and the end of the year in certain businesses to allow that inventory to clear rather than try to push revenue into either channel inventory or OEM inventory and because the only way you can do that is to start modifying commercial conditions, and we're not doing that. So should it clear, we believe that we're on the front foot here. And so we think we'll be in balance in kind of most of our end markets by the end of the year. And then it just becomes a question of what does growth look like next year and how much confidence there is in the end markets of how much that channel and how quickly they build it back. But we feel good about the trajectory we're on. So that – it's an end-of-the-year phenomenon based on current demand rates.
Joseph Ritchie: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess just a real quick one on just 4Q in DPPS. So I think you called out flat growth in the segment. So sequentially, revenue is down a little bit. I'm curious just from a margin standpoint, similar revenues – similar margins for 3Q? How do you think about the margins in 4Q for DPPS?
Richard Tobin: They're either – it will be immaterial up or down, right, subject to mix.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay great. Perfect. Thanks guys.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning. Yes. I just wanted to ask a question on the portfolio. I guess as you consider additional pruning, is there a way to maybe quantify what percent of revenue could be under review? And certainly understand M&A is episodic, but are you seeking to find comparable sized acquisitions to offset? Or how should we think about this portfolio shuffle?
Richard Tobin: The portfolio – the whole portfolio is under review all the time. Look, no. Look, we don't go around and say, we've got a business that's got $200 million revenue, let's go buy $100 million to $200 million revenue. No one can orchestrate that. But I think that we've gone over Brett, a lot about where our priorities are. To the extent that we could make a change to our portfolio that we did without touching our balance sheet, I think, is a positive. So to the extent that we could do that repeatedly, that would be great, but that is subject to a lot of timing differences both in and out at the end of the day. But just as an overall comment, what we did this quarter in M&A is what we would like to do progressively every year.
Brett Linzey: Got it. Makes sense. Just shifting back to heat exchangers and the destock in Europe and Asia. I guess, does this slow the rollout of some of those capacity additions or change the way you’re at least thinking about the near-term from a capacity standpoint? And then what is your level of visibility there in terms of these imbalances that have maybe skewed more negatively here?
Richard Tobin: No, I think the capacity is coming on sequentially. These are highly automated plants. So it's not like we've got to ramp employees. It's – they're almost blackout plants at the end of the day. So we needed the standing capacity. Remember, heat exchangers is 40% of the revenue. So I get it, it's getting a lot of headlines, and that's why we wanted to address it. Our visibility is, as I mentioned, is not great because it's an OEM sale mostly for us. So up and to the point where they decide they want to slow down, that's what we find out. And the slowdown that we've been called out for the balance of the year manifested itself over the last 45 days or so. So are we worried about the capacity investment? Absolutely not. We think that the technology is fundamental. It's going to grow over time. There's been a massive amount of capacity in heat pumps that's been announced. It always seems a little bit implausible. So I think at the end of the day, the market reset is going to be on the finished goods, not so much on the consumption of the heat exchangers.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. Appreciate the insight.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. One element I just wanted to circle back to in context of the inventory discussion is around the free cash flow margin guide. So I think that it's very high still for this year, but maybe move down a little bit and that's despite the good progress on the inventory liquidation that you cited in Q3. So maybe just any sort of color around the moving parts inside free cash flow, and it has been very volatile. So any sort of thoughts on maybe next 12 months as it's more sort of normalized?
Richard Tobin: Well, it's been volatile only because of the amount of demand that it was there. And to meet that demand, you had to basically an expansion of everybody's balance sheet from an inventory point of view. I think that when we put out the guidance for this year, we basically said now that we're in a more normalized market that we were going to bring inventories down. I think we're making really good progress on raw materials. I think by cutting production in Q4, we should clear WIP and finished goods, then it's all about receivables from here to the end of the year.
Julian Mitchell: I see. And so receivables was kind of the main delta on the change in the free cash margin guide?
Brad Cerepak: Well, it's part of it. But as we went – if you go back and look at what our commentary has been over the course of the year, we've indicated it's tough to bring inventories down, but we did that in Q3. We see that continuing into Q4. As we look back, and the actual good performance in Q3, receivables, given the timing of sales, actually built in the quarter a bit. So that liquidation is due to come here in the fourth quarter. And I think we'll see very robust cash flow again, based on the commentary that we already provided that fourth quarter is always seasonally strong. But I think given the actions we're taking, it will be even more robust in line with our guide.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Between cash flow and the proceeds of the disposal, which we'll receive in Q1, we're in a very healthy cash position.
Julian Mitchell: That makes sense. Thank you. And maybe just to follow-up on the question around the sort of the sales outlook. So I think it's very clear and the right thing to do that you're sort of under selling into the channel, if you like, short-term, to make sure channel partners have low inventories entering the new year. When you sort of take that comment plus the improvement in some orders figures you've seen recently, does that make you sort of confident around the revenue growth outlook despite what the backlog has done? And so we should sort of take the low inventories in the channel plus the orders movement, that's a better determinant of sort of sales into early next year than perhaps what the backlog has been doing recently?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean at the end of the day, everything that's in our control – for 2024, I think that we're taking the right move. So we discussed managing channel, right, from an inventory point of view. The reason that we highlighted some of the investments, we think that those are growth vectors that those businesses are going to grow despite the macro, right, that they're not subject to kind of general sentiment at the end of the day, or interest rates or anything else just because they've got a demand there. So yes, I mean, look, we're – knock wood, we're feeling positive about our setup going into 2024 based on how we've managed and will continue to manage 2023.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Good morning, Dan.
Deane Dray: Hey. I was hoping to get some color on the retail fueling. It just sounds like there was a bit of a disconnect between below-ground and above-ground, below-ground, seem to be fueling effects of higher rates and maybe some destock, but you weren't seeing that above the ground. But just can you square those, please?
Richard Tobin: Sure. We had – in 2022, we had a great year in below-ground and a bad year in above-ground. So if you think about kind of the time it takes to build sites or refurbishment sites, you had kind of capacity that got built and then they finished the job on the top this year. Belowground now is in a bit of a headwind because of the fact that if you think about like a retailer, a retailer is going to spec in the product that they want at a fueling site and then going to go contract the installation. And part of the problem is it's no longer labor anymore, and it's no a longer product availability. It's the fact that those contractors need working capital loans in order to do these projects and the cost of those loans now is probably quintupled over the last year or so. It was very nice for everybody would be talking about 5%. 5% is a baseline. You're a contractor, you need a working capital loan, you're paying nine or 10. And so that is putting a little bit of a drag in terms of getting that work done, number one. And number two, just a general comment, as I gave the example before, a lot of that underground business, at least the recurring revenue portion of it is sold through distribution, the carrying cost of that inventory has gone up quite a bit, and you basically see almost an over liquidation of inventory in the chain because they know that our lead times are down low, so they're taking their inventory down because they don't want to pay the carrying cost. At some point, that's got to give, and we're not incentivizing through price or terms to push that inventory back into the system. We'll deal with that on the come when we get into 2024.
Deane Dray: All right. That's really helpful. And then just a follow-up on the geographies. What were the surprises and maybe you're seeing some of the macro begin to be felt on the U.S. side was down 7%. But what surprised you there?
Richard Tobin: I think it's more and more – look, no one came into this year thinking that Europe was going to be robust. It hasn't been. I think that CO2 systems and heat exchangers are running counter to that argument. CO2 is actually performing quite well. The heat exchanger issue, like I said, up until 45 days ago, you couldn't make enough of them to supply heat pump demand and that just came to quite a halt here I think in a recognition that there's too much inventory in the chain. We were not very hopeful about China, and China has been poor. And I think in the U.S., it's just the general – what I just answered, I gave you the example a second ago. In the U.S., you can't raise rates at the rate we're doing and not to have knock-on effects in terms of the carrying cost and that's what we're seeing now.
Deane Dray: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, guys. Thanks for fitting me in. So going back to the non-core kind of the portfolio review, I mean, obviously, there's a parlor game about trying to guess which assets might not meet the cuts going forward. But De-Sta-Co wasn't one of those assets. I think already seen as potentially non-core. So I'm just curious given the decent growth, obviously, very good margins, what was it that led that asset to being sold?
Richard Tobin: I think that the growth was okay, at least in my tenure here. The end market exposure, both from – the end market exposure and the geographical exposure, we did not find attractive.
Nigel Coe: Too much Europe I assume?
Richard Tobin: Too much auto and too much Asia.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Too much Asia.
Brad Cerepak: Too much China, yes.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then just on buybacks, you did an ASR last year. You've got a fair amount of financing flexibility if you get your free cash flow forecast with the sale as well. I mean, any thoughts on buybacks at these levels?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean, look, buying back our stock at these levels has become very attractive. I think that we've got a lot of moving parts right here in terms of delivering on the fourth quarter and the cash flow. And then we've got an outbound on the acquisition and an inbound on the disposal. After all that is settled, we'll clearly be in a very healthy balance sheet position. And I'm sure that capital return discussion will come to the forefront.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Dickens, Senior Director of Investor Relations. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of this call will be available on our website through August 15, and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for 90 days. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Jack. Let's start on Slide 3. Our results are in line with our internal forecast in the second quarter. Our secular growth exposed businesses that we highlighted at our recent Investor Day outperformed in the quarter with heat exchangers, natural refrigerant systems and polymer processing, all posting growth in excess of 20%.  During the quarter, we incurred operational headwinds from our vehicle service group main production facility as a result of an ERP implementation, which cost us approximately $50 million in revenue and approximately $0.10 of EPS. This one's on me. The business has been doing an excellent job on efficiency actions related to fixed costs, SKU management and vertical integration over the past 18 months, which has been reflected in the margin performance conducting a much-needed ERP upgrade, which is fundamental to our e-commerce ambitions, while finishing a large CapEx project was in retrospect overly ambitious. And I guess I should have known better.  We exited June -- the good news, we exited June with far improved production performance at the site, and we'll try our best to claw back the lost volumes in the second half. We have a constructive outlook for the second half of the year and are narrowing our annual EPS guidance to $8.85 to $9. Since the start of the year, we expected 2023 performance to be weighted to the second half due to post-pandemic destocking across the industrial economy and the gradual recovery in several of our end markets, with the seasonality of second half earnings consistent with what we saw in the pre-pandemic years.  Underlying demand remains good across the portfolio and a significant volume of business is already in the backlog. We proactively intervened on our cost structure starting in the latter half of 2022. And we have continued these structural cost reductions in 2023, driving material earnings benefits. As a result, we are less reliant on top line volume or price cost to achieve our forecast in the second half.  With our solid demand outlook, flexible business model and execution playbook, we are confident in delivering our second half target. We also see a solid foundation building for 2024. A large portion of our portfolio has experienced secular -- or cyclical momentum growth exposures that should persist in a variety of macro conditions and we are proactively adding capacity to ensure we continue to win in these markets.  We also expect solid carryover benefits into 2024 from previously announced cost reduction actions. These organic initiatives, together with a strong acquisition pipeline and meaningful cash flow generation will keep us on track to achieve our long-term growth and value creation goals we set forth in our Investor Day in March.  Let's go to Slide 4. Consolidated organic revenue was down 3% in the quarter despite growth in 3 of the 5 segments due to expected comparable volume declines in several end markets and the aforementioned shipment disruptions in vehicle market, which cost us 2% to the top line. Organic bookings were down 8%, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.92, reflecting better lead times across the portfolio and continued strong shipments against backlogs in our longer cycle and secular growth exposed businesses.  As a result, our backlog continues to normalize, but still remains elevated relative to the pandemic levels. Segment margin was 20.2%, with margin performance preserved despite negative mix and lower volumes due to proactive cost containment actions and lower input costs. We expect the roll forward of these actions together with more normal demand seasonality to drive sequential and comparable operating margin improvement in the second half.  Let's skip to Slide 5, and we'll go through some detailed results on the quarter. Engineered Products was down 8% organically in the quarter. The waste handling business posted a particularly strong quarter, improving chassis availability and aftermarket attachment rates driving solid growth in volumes and new orders. We are presently taking capacity reservations for 2024 and we will be ramping production to meet demand progressively over the balance of the year.  Margins were down 50 basis points year-over-year, principally driven by lower volumes in vehicle aftermarket which offset the robust margin improvement in waste handling. Clean energy and fueling declined 9% on an organic basis as the final quarter of comps impacted the top line and margin mix.  Vehicle wash and clean energy were down slightly in the quarter as distribution inventories were brought down in line with the increased cost to carry on higher interest rates. Channel checks indicate that we are now at appropriate levels for expected second half demand.  Margins in the quarter were down 100 basis points on lower volumes and mix, but partially offset by significant cost reduction actions taken in the retail fueling business as we pivot this business to margin and cash flow maximization. Imaging and ID was flat organically on solid growth in our core marketing coating business in Europe and the Americas as well as strong sales in software, serialization. Shipments in Asia were lower. FX remained a negative headwind to absolute revenue and profits in this segment given its large base of non-U.S. dollar revenue.  Margins in Imaging and ID was strong at 23% and improving 40 basis points on pricing and cost controls. Pumps and process was up 1% organically in the quarter, with particular strength in polymer processing equipment, precision components, thermal connectors and hygienic dosing systems. Volumes in industrial pumps was softer due to channel inventory reductions. Operating margin was down due to lower mix of biopharma.  Top line in climate and sustainability technologies were about 4% organically, demand trends remain robust in heat exchanges and CO2 refrigeration systems driven by global investments in sustainability. The segment posted a strong 7% margin in the quarter, up 210 basis points year-over-year on strong volume conversion productivity and positive price cost and mix of products delivered. I'll pass it to Brad from here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. I'm now on Slide 7. The top bridge shows our organic revenue decline of 3%, driven by declines in Engineered Products and Clean Energy & Fueling. Acquisitions contributed 1% to the top line in the quarter, and FX translation was a 1% headwind.  FX headwinds resulted in $0.02 negative EPS impact in the quarter and $0.09 in the first half. Based on year-over-year exchange rates, we expect FX to be an $0.08 tailwind to EPS in the second half of the year. From a geo perspective, the U.S., our largest market, was down 9% in the quarter due to expected lower volumes in the aboveground retail fueling segment as well as lower shipments from vehicle services in North America.  Europe was down 1% and Asia was up 2%. China, which represent about half of our revenue base in Asia was up 5% organically in the quarter. On the bottom chart, bookings were down year-over-year due to normalizing lead times in our shorter-cycle businesses and strong shipments against elevated backlogs in our long cycle and secular growth exposed businesses.  Now on to Slide 8, our cash flow statement. Year-to-date, free cash flow came in at $348 million or 8% of revenue and represents an increase of nearly $250 million year-over-year. As discussed previously, with supply chains improving, we have been actively working to liquidate our working capital balances in 2023. We expect that trend to play out in the second half of the year as higher shipment volumes in the third and fourth quarter should result in a reduction of inventory balances between now and the end of the year. This trend is in line with our normal seasonal pattern, as cash flow generation has historically improved in the second half of the year.  Our forecast for free cash flow remains on track for between 15% and 17% of revenue. With that, I'm going to turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: All right. Let's go to Slide 9. Here, we show the growth in margin outlook by segment for 2023 that are underpinned in our current time log trends. Our backlog remains elevated across all segments driven primarily by extended backlogs in our longer cycle and secular growth exposed businesses as our lead times continue to normalize and new capacity comes online, we expect these backlogs to continue normalizing through the end of the year.  We expect Engineered products to return to growth in the second half of the year, driven by continued strength in refuse collection vehicles in aerospace and defense. Our waste handling business is fully booked for the year with the possible upside of chassis availability further improves. We expect vehicle aftermarket shipments in North America to recover after the temporary disruption in Q2 and the business should remain relatively stable year-over-year in the back half.  We expect margins to improve in the second half on positive price/cost tailwinds, solid volumes and benefits from our recent productivity capital investments taking hold. In Clean Energy & Fueling, it's expected to return to growth in the second half of the year against easier comparable periods as the end market conditions and channel inventories normalize.  Quoting activity for hydrogen infrastructure components remains robust, and we are working to expand capacity for select products, including vacuum jacketed piping in cryogenic valves. We expect full year margin improvement in Clean Energy & Fueling driven by stronger performance in the second half on volume recovery, improved mix and continued proactive restructuring savings in retail fueling.  Since initiating our fundamental transformation of the retail fueling cost structure last fall, we have initiated or announced $60 million of structural cost reductions in this business. Imaging and ID is expected to continue its stable performance, albeit against tougher comps in the second half, driven by stable outlook in core marketing and coding and serialization. Software full year margins should remain at attractive levels for this segment.  Pumps and process equipment is expected to remain roughly flat organically in the second half. Thermal connectors continued to grow at a double-digit clip with some notable customer wins. Following a record Q2 Precision Components continues to book and ship at robust levels and with a notable mix in business towards energy transition markets, polymer processing is booked for the year.  The biopharma environment is improving with market conditions such as FDA approvals for new promising therapies and recovery in biotech funding and inventory stocking all showing improvement as indicated by our customers who have released results over the past few days. We expect margins in this segment to remain best-in-class levels with performance skewed towards the end of the year on stronger volumes and mix improvements. Order rates and biopharma will be the watch item from here with the potential recovery -- with the potential for this recovery to be a material tailwind into 2024.  Climate and Sustainability Technologies top line trajectory is expected to be steady in the second half of the year. We are operating close to capacity in heat exchanges for heat pumps with incremental capacity coming online over the next several quarters with direct labor at less than 10% of revenue, the conversion on growth in heat exchanges is compelling.  Demand for CO2 refrigeration systems remain solid, and our capacity build-out is on schedule. We are starting to have productive conversations for our door case business with large retailers for their 2024 plans, which is an encouraging indicator of future demand. Beverage can-making is expected to be down as the industry is digesting recent record capacity additions.  We expect continued margin improvement in 2023 on volume conversion, productivity gains and improved mix. Our margin performance in refrigeration has been very encouraging even before the material accretive impact of North American CO2 volume.  Let's go to Slide 10. Here is the confidence we have in the underlying components that drive our forecasted double-digit EPS growth in the second half. We have been vocal about the negative impact of interest costs on channel inventories and have been encouraged that to draw down, while a headwind to the first half revenue has been orderly as end market demand is largely held up.  Recognizing that our markets are not immune to these dynamics, we have proactively enacted cost containment actions to derisk the second half of the year and also provide $40 million of incremental carryover cost savings into 2024 with roughly half the savings coming from retail fueling as part of our strategy to pivot to margin and cash flow maximization of this business. We believe our growth and conversion forecast is achieved based on our revenue visibility and backlog, channel inventory stabilization, secular growth tailwinds and recovery in end markets.  So let's go to Slide 11. We view 2023 as a transition year for our business from a supply chain constrained inflationary high-demand environment of 21 to 22 to a more normalized activity supported by various macro trends. As we move to the second half of the year, the majority of the destocking headwinds behind us and recovery across several end markets we are building solid momentum for 2024.  We are investing meaningfully behind our secular growth exposed end markets to ensure we have sufficient capacity to serve our customers. We are proactively engaging in new product development, often in co-development with our OEM partners to drive product improvement they win share in the marketplace. We believe our biopharma and retail fueling dispenser visits, which were in face with expected market-driven headwinds in 2023, are poised for strong margin accretive recoveries in 2024.  All in, we believe at least 40% of our portfolio is experiencing tailwinds that are decoupled from broader industrial production with additional pockets of growth in our market-leading niche industrial franchises. This growth outlook together, the carryover benefit of cost actions into '24, set up a solid foundation for our growth prospects in line with our financial commitments from our Investor Day in March.  So let's move to Slide 12. With our supply chains and operational environment normalizing our forecast for 2023 embedded in a return to pre-pandemic seasonality, the year has played out more or less as we expected thus far with more challenging half of the year now in the rearview mirror. The path from here is straightforward. Underlying demand is solid across our business, and we are confident in our ability to leverage a flexible operating model centralized business systems to drive consolidated growth and margin accretion to achieve our full year guidance.  Our inorganic pipeline remains robust. We remain committed to optimizing our business portfolio and evaluating some interesting options, which we hope to conclude in the second half of the year. That's it for me. I'll turn it back to you, Jack.
Jack Dickens: Shelby, you can go to the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question from Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Just a question on sort of negative bookings, right, and revenue decline, generally, this destock takes more than 1 quarter, and I appreciate that you do have visibility, but I think versus our model, we were a bit surprised by the revenue. So what gives you confidence that this connection between bookings and destock that this is a 1-quarter event and does not sort of cascade into Q3?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think you have to delink the comments we made about destocking from bookings to a certain extent. So I mean, the bookings number is related to the reduction in the backlog as the backlog slowly deflates and we expect that to continue some. So I wouldn't -- I think we've been pretty vocal about that all year. I think that what has changed in the first half of the year is the realization that the carrying cost of inventory in the channel has gone up exponentially, right?  So if you go take a look at the cost of financing inventory at a distribution level, gone up by 600 or 700 basis points. So I don't think it's unique when a company like Dover says moving into this year that we're going to run for cash and deplete our inventories. I think by and large, everybody was poised to do that. I think that what was underestimated was the short-term negative headwind on the cost to carry.  By doing the -- where we've seen that and where we've done channel checks, we believe that the vast majority of that reduction on the cost to carry is behind us. So we don't have that negative headwind going in the second half of the year, but I wouldn't get all caught up on the bookings side because the bookings are going to be reflective of the backlog decreasing, and I think that they're likely to inflect positive likely in Q4.
Andrew Obin: And just maybe looking and follow-up on pumps and process. Can we just go and be getting a lot of questions on that just by verticals, just a little bit more visibility on bookings and revenue visibility into the second half because it is a big focus for investors, particularly the timing of biopharma recovery.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Well, I mean, I think that if you go back and read the transcript, I called out that the watch item from here is going to be bookings in biopharma, right? So we've taken a look what our customers are saying. And I think that if you go back and look at the timing, we've been suffering in lack of bookings there as our customers are prepared for the inevitable. Now they're beginning to call the bottom. And I think that we were early in terms of the reduction of inventory. So our expectation is that bookings inflect positive in the second half of the year on biopharma. It's just going to be a question of the quantum.  On the industrial pump side, I think that they suffered a little bit in terms of this channel destocking. Again, we think that that's bottomed now as a reference. And then -- the one that you have that really wags the tail here is going to be polymer processing, where at one point, we almost had two years of bookings in our backlog, and that's just been slowly deflating as we've shipped off that backlog. So I mean, there's moving parts between long cycle and short cycle. The biggest factors going forward from here is clearly going to be on the biopharma side because to the extent that, that inflects positive, I think that we're all cognizant about the margin impact that has on the segment.
Andrew Obin: Now this -- your comment on sort of cost of capital and inventories faster than anyone because the entire global supply chain has been floated at no interest rate is going to be fun to watch.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, maybe following up there. You've been, I guess, somewhat cautious on the macro, but you now have a whole slide on Dover strong foundation for '24. So maybe you could overlay your latest thinking on the macro versus that foundation. Would you say in the macro overall is holding up better or worse than you expected. And I know it's early. But given the backlog you have and the additional restructuring benefits for '24, I think you kind of mentioned that '24 could be in line with your sort of longer-term algorithm, which I think is 4% to 6% longer-term growth and 30% incrementals. Does it feel like there's a higher probability of that for '24?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean if you go back and read the transcript, I think I said that about 4x. We think that we knew we had some kind of secular headwinds between the biopharma side and the EMV roll off, we had that coming. That's part and parcel why I think that we were pretty transparent of what we were going to do to pivot our Fueling Solutions business.  And despite having the negative headwind on biopharma, we have preserved our margin in that business. So any incremental volume that we get there should be very attractive. In terms of the total macro, I guess we're happy that demand has held up, right? I mean I think you see part of the negative headwind to some of the destocking because everybody is destocking because they're afraid of the macro to a certain extent.  I think that's been exasperated a little bit by the cost of capital working its way through the system. Where we go from here? I guess we're positioning for a soft landing. Maybe that's optimistic and not generally in our nature around here. But we think the investments that we've made on our growth platforms, as I mentioned in the presentation, are growing at 20-plus percent.  And if we get some recovery on some of the secular headwinds we get, then you can easily go back to what we had laid out as our financial objectives. And you couple that with the fact that we've got a material amount of cost savings that roll from '23 into '24, that's a pretty good start in terms of margin.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, that's helpful. And then maybe you can just talk about the puts and takes you're seeing in DCST. Maybe you could -- you talked about maybe some potential incremental weakness in , but the rest of the business seems quite healthy. I think you had the debooking last quarter in door cases, where is that? Do you still expect that in the second half? And so just talk to us about puts and takes of the business because you said overall, it's pretty good.
Richard Tobin: Sure. Look, Belvac, it was great while it lasted. So we would expect that to -- it's a cyclical business, CapEx in this space is set to come down. I think that you've got to be careful about what your margin assumptions are in Belvac because we had a lot of engineering project work that was not just equipment-based. So the equipment we make some really healthy margins, but it was diluting. It basically boosted the revenue because we were more of a -- we moved to be more of an integrator. So I think that we can -- while the top line in Belvac was declined, I think that the margin preservation opportunity there is solid.  Right now, we're sold out in heat exchanges. If you go back again and look at the transcript here, the leverage on heat exchanges as -- it should be compelling. I mean, labor is 10% of our COGS. So think about it that way about what we need to cover there. Again, we're growing at 20%. I'll leave it up to the HVAC guys to talk about what the growth rates because we see them all over the place around heat pumps, but the fact of the matter is we're in the midst of increasing our capacity somewhere in the order of 40% to 50%, and it's all going to be in place by mid-2024. And so I think that will take care of any worries about what the cyclical decline in Belvac is.  On Refrigeration, we had our highest margin performance ever, at least in my tenure here in June. And that is even before we've ramped capacity at our new plant for CO2, which I think I'm going to go to on Thursday and Friday and see what we're here. We're probably not going to see the benefit of the NAFTA CO2 meaningfully. It's growing at like 80% right now, but it's off a really low base. But our expectation is, is that volume as it comes in is going to be accretive to margins in refrigeration.  So if I couple where we're exiting June in terms of core refrigeration, in terms of margin, and I add on what we expect to be a high-growth platform in CO2, which we've proven we can do in Europe. It looks good so far. So -- and as I mentioned in my comments, we're having at least the conversations right now around core for refrigeration with our clients about demand for 2024. So far, so good. It seems to be quite positive.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie: Can we just maybe just go back to the ERP issue. And Rich, maybe just talk us through a little bit what happened this quarter? And then it seems like it's largely behind you, but just want to make sure that there aren't any lingering effects in Q3.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I've been doing ERP implementations for 30 years, and they never go right. This one went a little bit more wrong than usual. Look, at the end of the day, I mean, I own it, right? I mean we basically put a bunch of CapEx into our main plant in Madison, Indiana. That's not completely done. And at the same time, I think if you recall the presentation we made about this business, we had harmonized our SKUs meaningfully.  And quite frankly, in retrospect, trying to do an ERP when you're doing all that work on the manufacturing floor was misguided on my part. So that was just too much change to move to a new ERP system. At the same time, we have really trouble getting product out the door for the entire quarter, but it was worse at the beginning and we got progressively better as we exited June in terms of our production.  I don't think it's going to be a material headwind from here. I don't think we're completely out of the woods yet, but I don't think it's something that we'll be talking about earnings from here. I mean we do ERP implementations year-round year, and we've been doing them for years. Just I think it's my fault. I think I pushed one on a business that was too much to chew, but we're really excited about the opportunity that we have in e-commerce in this business, and you need a operated ERP to affect that e-commerce change and it kind of blew the plant up.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, I'd just echo what Rich said that we exited June at a pace that puts us on track for what we forecast for Q3. And as he said in the script, you can go back and look, we're going to try to recover, but we're not forecasting a recovery of that $50 million. So I think we're being prudent in terms of the way we think about the trajectory of that business in North America.
Joseph Ritchie: Got it. No, that's helpful. And obviously, I always appreciate the transparency. My follow-up comment, I guess, would be just around like the business. So the margin profile of the business is trending a little bit lower than you originally expected for the year to kind of think about the second half kind of maybe talk to us about some puts and takes on the margin side, fully recognizing that biopharma is the swing factor.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Biopharma is the swing factor. I think we've beaten that one pretty good. And you're going to take a look at what's Sartorius and Danaher and Thermo talk about it. They are much more informed in terms of when the pivot is going to be. I can tell you that. We're prepared in terms of at least operationally when the pivot comes, we're in good shape there.  It's a little bit -- I talked about the fact that industrial pumps was down because of some unexpected destocking. We think that that's sort of done. And then conversely, you've just got the mix effect of polymer processing and precision components did really well and have been doing really well all year, offsetting the negative headwinds in biopharma, but from a mix perspective, it just becomes dilutive to the margin. So weirdly, if they grow faster than expected, the actual consolidated margin comes down, but the absolute profit performance is entirely acceptable because even those 2 businesses are accretive to the consolidated portfolio margin.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: Rich, can we just kind of talk about the margin progression a little bit sequentially. So I guess in EP, right, you have about a 200 bps hit on the ERP issue. Just kind of what the trajectory is out of Q2 as you normalize there? And then on DPPS, right, you said margins up in Q4 year-over-year. I guess that implies you're still down year-over-year in Q3. But would you expect sequential improvement in Q3? Or is the margin improvement in DPPS all kind of Q4 weighted?
Richard Tobin: Okay. Yes, for DEP, you got it, right? So the margin decline in Q2 is solely on the fact on the VSG volumes coming out. As we move forward from here, you've got the capacity ramp and ESG that comes through, right? So that goose is the top line, and that's let's call that at par margin for DEP. You've got the recovery in VSG. And based on our backlog, we've got increased margin performance in defense just as we ship against the backlog. So that basically gives you the answer for second half margin performance there.  On DPPS, right now, our forecast show a negative headwind for Q3 solely on biopharma. And then our expectation, as I mentioned in the comments, depending on order rates and everything else, is that for Q4, we'll do better based on mix and some recovery on biopharma because it's not as if we're not shipping anything in biopharma. It's just the comparative headwind rolls off by the time we get to Q4.
Jeffrey Sprague: Right. And then thinking about price cost, Rich, I assume that's sort of kind of buried in your growth conversion in the bridge. But what's going on with price cost in the back half of the year?
Richard Tobin: The price benefit is less in the back half of the year and the cost is based on where we're tracking right now. So we don't basically to make any assumptions in terms of other than leverage. We don't make any assumptions about either positive or negative on the input costs. We'll just see how that develops over the second half.
Jeffrey Sprague: Maybe just one last one. I mean the questions I just asked about margins kind of get to Q3 versus Q4. But since we all kind of -- we got a Q2 that you're kind of characterizing is in line with what you expected ex the ERP, but we didn't quite totally get the message, right? So anything else you want to say about Q3 relative to Q4 or just the balance between those 2 would be helpful I think.
Richard Tobin: I understand where you're going. All the stick I get about being negative all the time at these conferences and then apparently not negative enough in terms of segmenting the quarters. Look, I think that Q4 is going to be higher than expected. Q3 to Q3 is going to be more or less and in line. But I'd be careful at Q3, again, for the reason I mentioned, right? So you've got the negative biopharma in Q3, which is -- it's not so much a top line issue.  It's more of a margin contribution issue. And then we've got certain businesses that we expect to ship heavy in Q4, which is part and parcel to the end of the depletion of the inventory. So we're not getting into giving out quarterly guidance. I think I would be -- cautious isn't the wrong word. I just think that we're going to have a better Q4 than is likely in models currently.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So it sequentially improves off of Q2 into Q3, but year-over-year, like Rich said, we're looking at a more comparable point on year-over-year. But again, we're expecting margin improvement for the full year for the total company. So therefore, in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Charles Tusa: A little bit to Jeff's question on, I guess, from a sales perspective, I guess what I'm struggling a little bit with is the sequential increase. I mean you got to be up sequentially half to half 9%. Got to do, I think, like roughly $4.5 billion, $4.6 billion in the second half and you're trending at 2.1. So I guess I'm just wondering, like, is that -- you're saying that's kind of all just out of backlog effectively. And so you don't need this bookings number to improve very much.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, like, yes, I don't think that we need the bookings to improve very much because you've got to be really careful about the long-cycle business. I mean, we do segments. And as you know, within the segments, we've got a mix of business. So we're going to have probably a pretty heavy depletion in backlog. Let's talk about DPPS of Maag, right? Maag sold out for the year.  So basically going to ship against that for the balance of the year. So it's going to make the bookings look a little bit negative. Now whether those get offset, we've got a lot of strength in bookings in Precision Components, and we would expect bookings to get better in biopharma, but we'll see whether that is a Q3 phenomenon or a Q4 phenomena.  I would back up for a moment and go take a look at the presentation we made and look at Slide 10 and take a look at what is required in terms of a conversion point of view. And if you take kind of mid 0.30% conversion and you're back into the number on the EPS accretion, that we need in the back half, it's not Herculean, right, because we almost have as much cost restructuring and cost actions is equal to what we need to get in terms of the revenue conversion.  So if we did not have that, I think there would be a little bit of a tough part in terms of the revenue required in the conversion. I think that all the work that we've done starting in the back half of last year has allowed us to be in the position of I don't know how the -- completely how the macro is going to develop. I mean these knuckleheads are going to go and raise interest rates again and that's not helpful. But the reason that we're confident about the back half is we've got almost -- we've got more than half of the required EPS conversion and cost savings that we've already enacted.
Charles Tusa: Right. Did you expect -- did you expect bookings -- did you expect bookings to get worse from here sequentially? Or have we kind of bottomed on the bookings now?
Richard Tobin: Hard to say. Hard to say. I mean you could have flat bookings in Q3. I mean there's an awareness in the marketplace that production lead times have come. So if our bookings, which are higher than normal, basically backstop our revenue for next year in the vast majority of our portfolio, you really don't need to start ordering until the beginning of Q4.  Now whether we can pull some of that in through market signaling, and that's when we start getting into what are we going to do about pricing in 2024, what are we going to go out to the marketplace and say about SWEP like weirdly, we're sold out in SWEP, but our bookings -- if you looked at our bookings in SWEP, you would think that we have no bookings for Q4 just because that's the dynamic of how that business works.  It's capacity reservation as opposed to bookings. So I wouldn't get excited about bookings. I can tell you factually, we'll ship off the back of Belvac and Maag, which will have a disproportionate negative impact on those 2 segments. The balance of the portfolio, I would presume in the short-cycle side, we're probably bottoming in bookings right now.
Charles Tusa: All right. And then just one last one for you, Rich, just philosophically. I mean, the Slide 11 has like 9 different businesses, and that's only 40% of your portfolio. This has always been a bit of a complex portfolio, but the amount of things that you've had to walk through today, the amount of things that have happened in the last couple of quarters, whether it's the $90 million pushout, the ERP in somewhat obscure businesses, albeit pretty good businesses.  I think the only people that dislike having to dig into these little $100 million businesses, more than it sounds like you talk about them is us maybe. At what point do you kind of really take a much closer look at this portfolio and just kind of say it's just too complex to kind of run and manage, let alone invest in. I think that's kind of one of the issues here that people are having. Is there just always something moving around.
Richard Tobin: Yes. No, I get it, and I will make -- I'll answer it 2 different ways. I think if you go back and look at the transcript, I talked about the portfolio and read what you'd like about that. And I'll make an argument that in 2024, the diversity of our portfolio will outperform certain secular themes that it's going to be an advantage in '24. It may not have been an advantage over the past 18 months just because of the disproportionate negative weight of biopharma, quite frankly. But I'm willing to bet in 2024, all the work we've done and the diversity of our portfolio would be an advantage as opposed to being kind of something that's singular in terms of market exposure that may be easy to understand.
Charles Tusa: So can you grow double-digit EPS in '24? .
Richard Tobin: Too early to tell. Too early to tell. I think it's going to be dependent on the macro, but I think that I can tell you that where we've invested, we're really excited about what we're getting out of it. And I think there are parts of our portfolio that have had negative headwinds. You can't really see it just because of the individual pieces that are really inflecting the other way. So I know that waste handling is not exciting, but the fact of the matter is that business could be up substantially in .
Charles Tusa: All right. The gauntlets lay down. '24 is the year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Michael Halloran with Baird.
Michael Halloran: So the short cycle side of things, just some clarification here. I think basically what you're saying is the sell-out in the channel is actually pretty stable, pretty healthy sell-in because of the inventory destock side of things, that's where the headwind is and the expectations from here for that sellout piece to remain relatively stable. I mean that's a fair characterization.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean I think that the end market demand has been okay across -- from the distribution side of the portfolio. But sell out, so the sell-out metrics look good. The channel checks that we're getting is basically our distributors saying the cost of capital on our inventory is just getting a bit much to bear here, and we're going to wait because, by the way, we know your lead times are down and we want the product, we can get it from. And look, I get it, right? Everybody is trying to maximize cash flow just because of the cost of carrying that cash flow, including us, by the way. So I don't think that distribution would be unique here. I think the good news is that the end market demand itself has remained pretty good overall.
Michael Halloran: Yes, makes sense. And then just on the imaging side of things, it sounds like things are a little bit more sluggish there, just some context and how much entirely just a little bit tightening on the consumer side or any other variables worth mentioning?
Richard Tobin: Yes, it's the 1 -- well, 1 or 2 -- we have 2 businesses that have kind of a material exposure to China, and that's one of them. And that is just a reflection mostly of demand to China being quite poor.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: And I definitely listen to the exportation to check the transcript. But I wanted to put a finer point on a couple of things. One was just third quarter sales, Rich, are we assuming from what you said about shipping out of backlog in Q4 that sort of third quarter sales are flattish sequentially, and then you'll get this lift in the fourth quarter as the backlog depletes. And with your comments on bookings to be sort of flattish Q3 and then in flex maybe Q4. Were those sort of sequential comments as well? I just wanted to check that, please.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Julian, I don't want to be overtly negative about Q3, all right? So Q3 is going to get sequentially better. It's just that proportionally based on where we can see the orders and when they're due to ship that sequentially, Q4 is going to be better than it's been over the last I don't want to go back to 2020, I don't remember, but it's going to go back to the way we looked pre-pandemic, where we shipped pretty heavily in Q4.  And then it just becomes a question of production performance in Q4 and that is going to be dependent on what the order rates look like between Q3 and Q4? And do we have to start building out in Q4 for volume for '24. Now there's going to be some businesses where that's the case. So the businesses that were sold out this year, which is several portions of the portfolio, we're going to start taking orders for '24 relatively soon. We're taking orders and right now in certain parts of the portfolio for that.  So I don't want to be overly negative on Q3. I think the Q3 is going to be a good quarter. But I think the Q4, at least comparably is going to be a better quarter. I think that in terms of the order rates -- it's more of a we'll see. We know we're going to ship off backlog in Q3 pretty heavily. So they may be book-to-bill maybe less than 1. It may not be. And our expectation is that Q4 should be up at least almost by definition comparably.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. And then trying to switch away from bookings and backlog and so on maybe just capital deployment that there hasn't been that much on. You'd mentioned sort of watch this space, I think, on M&A in the coming months. It's been a pretty more abundant M&A environment for 18-plus months. So kind of how do you see that? And then also with the stock where it is, a lot of people view the valuation is undemanding. Kind of what's the appeal on share buybacks given the sort of solid outlook for 2024 that you've talked about? .
Richard Tobin: Yes. Our hierarchy remains the same. I think we haven't added anything in terms of our CapEx plans because we've actually had good 3, 4 years of a lot of spending in terms of recapitalizing some portions of our portfolio, and that's in our rearview mirror now. So by and large, our CapEx as a percentage of sales it's coming down this year, and it should continue that trajectory, even if I take into account the CapEx that we're building out on our growth platforms.  So that leaves M&A as the second hierarchy. Competition is less than there's not a lot of assets out there, but competition is less. So PE is a bit stopped out right now for the reasons we can understand. So that -- we're looking at some attractive things here, but we're going to keep our discipline in terms of the return. And clearly, if you remember from last year, we get to the midyear, we basically forecast our cash flow as we take a look at our deal pipeline. And if you remember last year, we deployed -- how much was it $0.5 billion?
Brad Cerepak: $0.5 billion
Richard Tobin: $0.5 billion in an ASR in September of last year. So we've got a Board meeting coming up, and we'll go through all those dynamics again, and we'll decide what to do.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Sorry to beat on this ERP and I will check the transcript in case I missed it. But just, Brad, you said you're not including a recouping of the $50 million that was disrupted this quarter. Does that go into past due? Or did you lose any of those orders?
Richard Tobin: You lose the order Deane. A lot of that is sold into distribution and that the product is available, you would lose out of the order. So we'll recoup some of it, but I think that we will not recruit all of it. .
Brad Cerepak: Yes. My commentary was more around our view is the back half is not dependent upon recovery of the $50 million. I want to be clear, that's the point really at the end of the day. The team there will try their best. But it is a business that, as Rich says, our customer base stocks these things in distribution and they move out. And if it's not there, they go to the next available competitive unit. So that's the way we see it.
Deane Dray: All right. That's really helpful. And then, Brad, in the second half inventory draw down, how much of that is coming just simply from billing orders versus reducing buffer inventory. Are you able to size that?
Brad Cerepak: Not explicitly, but I think the way we're working through it is that -- it's mainly driven by, I would say, more towards -- tilted towards the safety stock levels, the buffer inventory and raw materials in the materials flow where what we have to see is less inflow versus production to draw it down. And that's what's happening here in the second quarter. I mean, we did have slightly negative inventory through the first half of the year. But it's a heck of a lot better than it was a year ago, and we're continuing to make progress to make sure production is in excess of the inflows. That's the way we're working it. I think that's it, Jack. Okay.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Are you sure? Do you want to finish it off or should I ask the question?
Brad Cerepak: Go ahead. We didn't want to cut you off.
Nigel Coe: Yes, don't worry. I'm kidding. Look, so look, we love your macro perspective. You were very early to be cautious and what you so. But it seems like some of the CapEx businesses may be trending a bit weaker. Belvac, Hill PHOENIX. Maybe just some perspective on what you're seeing in those capital businesses. And is it an adjustment to higher rates? Macro uncertainty, what do you think -- how do you think this plays out?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think the Belvac is a cyclical business. There was a lot of capital that was put in during the pandemic years into can-making. We did fabulous in terms of market participation there versus our competitors, but we fully expect and have been preparing for over the last 18 months were there be some roll down because you just can't keep at that kind of pace. Now having said that, I don't think it's a negative of a story either just because of the fact that the revenue was a bit influenced by some engineering work that we did at very low margins and while we sold the equipment.  And we're actually working on some interesting IP related projects that may help us out to ride the CapEx. On the Refrigeration side, we had that order cancellation that we talked about at the end of last quarter. That was very customer specific. The balance of the demand is decent. I think that there's a little bit of the same frictional costs in terms of labor availability and installation. That's not our problem. It's our customers' problem. The pace of that CapEx tends to be a bit choppy, but the conversations that we're having, and I think it's in the -- in the transcript, the conversations we're having about 2024 in terms of demand in that particular space are good. And I'm just talking about kind of the old traditional case business. Without even getting into natural refrigerants where we're growing at a very heady pace in North America right now off a low base. But based on the conversations that we're having this we feel very excited about where this thing could go.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. A quick follow-on, if I can. Retail fielding, you mentioned focusing on and obviously, the restructuring actions that speak to that. You've talked about this before, but is this like a double and down of that strategy? Does this become even more of a focus on just cash flow as opposed to growth.
Richard Tobin: No. I mean I think we have individual strategies for every business that we have in the portfolio. Obviously, if you go back a couple of years ago, this was EVs are taking over the world and the negative headwinds of EMV plus that the view of what these businesses were worth was, I think, a completely overdone. We think that we've got 20 years of high-margin opportunity into that space. But having said that, we're just repositioning that business where we think that we've upgraded the entire product line globally, by the way, not just in the United States, that we can run that. We can run this business a lot more or a lot more lean than we did in the past, and that's the actions you see us taking. We think we can get that segment to 25%. And you're seeing some of the building blocks working our way there.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 14:40:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Dickens, Senior Director of Investor Relations. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens, please go ahead, sir.
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of this call will be available on our website through May 17 and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for 90 days. Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Jack. Good morning, everybody. Let's start with the performance highlights on Slide 3. The quarter was solid overall. We are very pleased with our production performance to start the year which allowed us to begin reducing our inventory balances towards the end of the quarter. Consolidated organic revenue was up 3%, with growth across most of our businesses driven largely by the secular growth tailwinds that we outlined at our most recent Investor Day. The majority of our input and supply chain constraints have dissipated, resulting in production lead times largely returning to pre-pandemic levels. This has led to more normalized order patterns, improved shipping volumes and a gradual reduction of elevated backlog. New order intake was robust in the quarter with four out of five segments posting book-to-bill of one. New bookings increased sequentially in the first quarter, and our order backlog remains elevated compared to normal levels providing us with good visibility for the remainder of the year. During the quarter, we de-booked some volume from our backlog and retail refrigeration from a single customer, was put the timing of 2023 capital plan under review. Our expectation is that we'll be rebooking the volume in the second half. Margin performance in the quarter was strong with four out of our five segments improving margins over 100 basis points, driven by broad-based productivity gains, positive price/cost dynamics and prior period investments and cost containment actions. Higher segment earnings performance drove our EPS growth. We had some comparable cost headwinds during the quarter from transitory inorganic activity costs, higher interest expense, FX and tax. Brad will review later. Interest costs are set to drop progressively for the balance of the year and FX at current rates turns into a comparable tailwind in the back half. Our recent investments in automation and productivity projects are paying off, and we are in the process of completing several capacity expansions in our secular growth businesses. The acquisition of Witte in our Pumps & Process Solutions segment, which we completed in December last year is off to a great start and is performing above expectations. Our strong financial position allows us to pursue a healthy pipeline of attractive bolt-on acquisitions and to opportunistically return capital to our shareholders. We are encouraged by the trends and performance so far in 2023. We have a constructive but also watchful outlook for the remainder of the year. Overall, demand conditions in our attractive industrial markets remain solid and our bookings are healthy. Our order backlogs, especially in our longer-cycle businesses provide good visibility to our forecast. We are on track to deliver our full year cash flow target as we liquidate inventory in concert with the normalization of our backlog. We are mindful of the mix to macro economic backdrop, and we are staying close to our customers to understand their plans. We have available cost control levers and operational flexibility that should enable us to deliver good results in various macroeconomic environments. With that, we maintain our 2023 full year guidance, 3% to 5% organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS of $8.85 to $9.05 per share. I'll skip Slide 4. Let's move on to the segments. Engineered Products was up 3% organically in the quarter, driven by positive pricing, strong demand for waste handling equipment parts and related digital services. The chassis availability issues that impacted the waste handling business coming out of the pandemic have improved. And to the extent that, that supply continues to be available, we are well positioned to increase shipments meaningfully against strong underlying demand. Margins were up 230 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by improving supply chains, positive price cost dynamics, mix and as well as investments in productivity initiatives. Clean Energy and Fueling declined by 3% on an organic basis. Revenue is up in clean energy components, vehicle wash, fuel transport and below-ground retail fueling, offset by the expected comparable decline in dispenser and EMV card reader demand. The upcoming second quarter comp is the last of material EMV volume. We remain constructive on the business for the full year as order activity in March was healthy. Despite the lower volume, margins in the quarter were up 120 basis points on positive mix and price cost as well as improved comparable cost structure from previously announced cost reduction actions taken in the retail fueling business. Imaging and ID posted a solid quarter, up 8% organically on broad-based strength in our marking and coding printers, spare parts and consumables. Our serialization software business continues to perform well and win new accounts. FX remained a negative headwind to absolute revenue and profits in this segment that drove a large base of non-U.S. dollar revenue. Margins in Imaging and ID were very strong at 24%, improving 260 basis points on volume, conversion, pricing actions and mix. Pumps & Process Solutions declined 7% organically in the quarter, driven principally by the post-COVID transition in the biopharma space. New orders for biopharma grew sequentially during the quarter as the impacts from inventory destocking begin to subside. At the current trajectory, we expect to have one more quarter of headwinds then inflect positively in the second half of the year. All the other businesses in this segment posted solid organic growth during the quarter with particular strength in precision components, industrial pumps, thermal connectors and polymer processing equipment. Operating margin was down against a peak comparable quarter in the prior year due to the mix effect from higher non-biopharma revenue. Top line and Climate and Sustainable Technologies continued its double-digit growth trajectory from the last two years, posting 16% organic growth. Demand trends remain particularly robust in heat exchangers and CO2 refrigeration systems, driven by global investments in sustainability. Beverage can making continued shipping deliveries against its strong backlog. Margins came in at 16% in the quarter, up 280 basis points year-over-year on strong volume conversion, productivity, positive price/cost and good mix of products delivered. I'll pass it to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide 6. The top bridge shows organic revenue growth of 3%, driven by increases in three of our five segments. Acquisitions contributed $19 million to the top line in the quarter. FX translation was a substantial headwind at 2.5% and or $52 million and impacted both our revenue growth and profitability. FX headwinds resulted in $0.06 of negative EPS impact in the quarter. At today's prevailing rates, we expect these FX headwinds to subside as the year progresses against easier comps with roughly $0.10 of negative FX impact forecasted for the first half of the year and $0.05 of favorability in the second half. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., our largest market, was up 3% organically in the quarter. Europe and Asia were flat and down 4%, respectively, on timing, of comparable shipments. We expect organic growth in both regions for the full year. On the bottom chart, bookings were down year-over-year due to foreign currency translation, normalization of lead times across several businesses and a $90 million order de-booking related to a major retail refrigeration customer's decision to temporarily pause its new store expansion program. Now let's move to cash flow on Slide 7. Free cash flow for the quarter came in at $193 million or 9% of revenue. This represents a record first quarter free cash flow and was up over $200 million year-over-year. The first quarter is historically our lowest cash flow quarter due to seasonality of investments in working capital to support growth in the year ahead. As discussed previously, our supply chains -- with supply chains improving, we have been actively working to liquidate our working capital balances in 2023 and we are beginning to see the results materialize. We expect our working capital balances and particularly our inventories to reduce over the balance of the year and to be a significant driver of year-over-year cash flow. Excluding any impacts from acquisitions, we should materially pay down commercial paper balances over the next several quarters. As a result, we would expect interest expense to decline by $10 million between the first half and second half of the year. Our forecast for 2023 free cash flow remains on track for between 15% and 17% of revenue. I'll turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: All right. Let's go to Slide 8. Here, we show the growth in margin outlook by segment for 2023 that are underpinned by our current bookings and backlog trends. I'll make a few summary comments before I jump into the segments. First, our lead times have largely normalized across the portfolio. We highlighted in the chart our good backlog levels are primarily driven by a handful of operating businesses that are either a long cycle in nature or experience -- are experiencing secular growth where there is a supply-demand deficit or both. Next, our expectation going into the year was that order rates would normalize in an orderly fashion because the repaired supply chains, removed the rationale for customers to order for in advance. Order rates in the first quarter were strong across most businesses which is a positive indicator for our full year revenue targets, which do not require us to -- which do not require book-to-bill above one every quarter due to the aforementioned backlogs. We expect growth in Engineered Products to remain solid, driven by pricing carryover as well as pent-up demand and improved chassis availability in refuse collection vehicles. We expect trading conditions in aerospace and defense, industrial automation and which is to remain constructive following two years of excellent volume growth, we expect vehicle aftermarket to be stable. Engineered Products are set to improve margins in 2023 on solid volumes benefits from our recent productivity capital investments taking hold and positive price cost tailwinds. Clean Energy and fueling should grow low single digits organically, and solid demand in all businesses except aboveground dispensers, the constructive booking rates and customer sentiment in the dispenser business point to improvement from here with Q2 being the last quarter of negative EMV mix impact. For the year, we expect margin improvement in Clean Energy and Fueling volume recovery, improved mix, proactive restructuring actions in aboveground fueling and we expect revenue and absolute earnings growth to be entirely second half weighted for this segment as EMV volume comps fade. Imaging and ID is expected to continue its mid-single-digit growth trajectory through the year. We see robust demand for our printers, consumables and professional services and the outlook for our software offerings is also strong after some recent customer wins. Full year margins should remain attractive for this segment. We project flat organic growth for the year in Pumps & Process Solutions. Quoting activity remains strong in industrial pumps, the plastics and polymers business continues to deliver against record backlog levels with particular strength in the U.S. and in China, the Witte Pumps acquisition provides much-needed capacity to our MOD business. Demand for engineered bearings and compressor components remains robust with a notable mix in order rates towards energy transition markets, such as hydrogen, LNG and carbon capture. Thermal connector continues to grow well into the double digits. In biopharma, we expect the business to remain at current conditions in the second quarter and return to growth in the second half of the year as order rates continue to improve. As we discussed during the Analyst Day, the long-term tailwinds for single-use components for biological drug manufacturing are robust. Our full year margin target for this segment is approximately 30%. The growth outlook for climate and sustainability technologies is solid as our businesses continue to ship against strong backlog levels. We are forecasting continued double-digit growth in both natural refrigerant systems and heat exchanges for heat pumps. We expect some second quarter headwinds in refrigeration cases due to the aforementioned debooking impacting fixed cost absorption, but we remain constructive on the overall demand and continue to expect our multiyear journey of margin improvement for the business. Beverage can making is booked for the next several quarters, and we have some very interesting opportunities in the pipeline. We expect continued margin improvement in 2023 on volume conversion, productivity gains and mix. Go to Slide 9. Here, we show the range of new-to-market products and the status of some of our important expansion projects that allow us to sustain our competitive advantages in our marketplaces. We are very bullish on the long-term value creation opportunity for these new product launches. You'll see each of these products touch sustainability, digitization or biopharma and hygienic applications. Our growth and capacity expansion projects are progressing well, whether behind our heat exchangers, natural refrigerant systems or biopharma businesses. Each of these applications are growing in double digits. Over the long term, these will be important drivers of our underappreciated organic growth story. Our previously announced restructuring within the retail fueling segment is on track as we transform this business model. We also took some incremental footprint restructuring actions in retail fueling in Europe in the first quarter, and we have several ongoing projects across other operating companies as well. Let's wrap up on Slide 10. Dover's portfolio consists of a range of niche middle market industrial franchises with significant diversification from a product and end market exposure perspective, many of which we believe are secular growth tailwinds. Our supply chains are not overly complicated, and our manufacturing operations are lean and getting leaner. We believe our diverse end market exposure together with our flexible operating model and value-added center-led initiatives will continue to be a competitive advantage for us regardless of the macroeconomic environment. We believe that we have line of sight for our full year forecast and a range of available cost levers to ensure we deliver. With that, so -- with that, we are maintaining our full year 2023 guidance. So Jack, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague: Rich, as Brad pointed out, if you get these inventories normalize, the cash comes through, you delever pretty quickly. I just wonder what you're seeing on the M&A side of the equation and are there things that are actionable in the pipeline in 2023 in your view? And also just wonder if you'd comment on potential interest in Carrier's refrigeration business, which [indiscernible] on us this morning.
Richard Tobin: I'll take the second one first. I know, I think it's just a purchase, I would say no, but I think that's early days to see what happens in the space. Any activity in the space in total is interesting. I'll leave it at that. In terms of M&A, yes, we took some cost in Q1 around inorganic activity. So, I guess that's an indication that we're working on some things that we hope to get across the line. I can tell you, overall, there's not a lot coming to market for all the reasons we can understand. But the good news is that multiples are now converged with the public markets and the competitiveness or lack of PE participation is helpful. So more to come, but I think that we're pleased with what we got going on in the pipeline.
Jeff Sprague: And then just on this debooking, I mean, are you seeing any other signs that retailers are just wavering either on new stores or remodeling or do you think this is truly a one-off? And I think you said you expect it to actually rebook at some point later in the year.
Richard Tobin: Yes. This was more of a one particular customer basically revisiting strategically what their intent is. So it's our customer. We expect that process to take somewhere between four to six months, and at that point, we go back. It just wasn't -- we could have kicked the can here and just left it in backlog, but then it becomes a problem in terms of inventory in our planning process. So we just took the -- we just made the decision just to debook it out of backlog, it is a one-off. I mean, right now, what I'm hearing -- what we're hearing from our clients is, again, they're still having trouble getting the labor. They're still unhappy with the inflation cost of doing their builds, but they'd continue to like to do the build. So the demand is still strong. This one is just a strategic issue as opposed to kind of an overall commentary on the market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Can you just talk about the -- what you expect to see here in the second quarter? I think you made some comments in the 10-Q about some of the organic growth rates. It seems like everything is relatively stable, but then we have to take into account the debooking in the refrigeration business. Is that roughly how we should think about organic growth in the second quarter? I know the comps are kind of all over the place these days, but maybe just a little color on the sequential trend there.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean I think that we would have expected to build some of that product in Q2. So, that's a bit of a headwind there. But quite frankly, the bigger issue for Q2 is the last remaining quarter of bio and EMV. So to me, Q2 is always going to be, from a comp point of view, sort of like Q1 to a certain extent, but we really feel good about the back half of the year because the comps roll forward and all of the bottom below the line charges, call it that, for a lack of a better word, actually roll positive. So yes, I mean, Q2 should look a lot like Q1 relative comp to comp.
Steve Tusa: Relative comp to comp, but I mean absolute you usually do step up quarter-to-quarter like just on an absolute EPS basis? I mean, are we assuming normally -- should we take normal seasonality and just subtract the door cancellation?
Richard Tobin: No, I mean, I wouldn't get too hung up on trying to monetize the math on the door cancellation. It is a bit of a headwind in Q2. What I'm saying is, if you look at Q1 to Q1, Q2 is going to be similar in terms of Q2 to Q2 comp. There's a step up in volume there.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So, I would say the historical first half to second half is not applicable at this stage. It's a little bit more to the back half as we said before, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Okay. That makes sense. And then, Rich, you've been among -- sorry, just on price cost. Any update there for the year? What are you guys seeing on those numbers?
Richard Tobin: I think we're not really taking any more meaningful price action. I mean, I think in certain areas, yes, but I mean, I think we're happy to just continue to get what's already baked into the system.
Steve Tusa: Okay. So you're positive, though, on a price cost spread basis?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean, our expectation is to be positive for the full year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andy Kaplowitz: Rich, so, I know how much you love talking about orders, but let's do that. If we exclude the order reversal in climate, your book-to-bill was over 1 in Q1, and you're on pace for an order number, closer to $8 billion in the numbers we discussed last quarter. I think you said that order lead times have already mostly normalized. So at this point, is it looking more likely that you'll not go back to that sort of more normalized backlog at least this year and the book-to-bill may remain healthier than you previously thought?
Richard Tobin: Oh, boy. Orders in Q1 were better than we had modeled. And interestingly, just to give a little color of it, it was all in March. So it was tracking the way that we thought it was going to track. We would expect it to be below one in Q1 just because of the size of the backlog and the non need to order so far in advance, but March was very healthy. So it's early days. If that pace keeps up, that's great for our full year volume forecast, but like I said before in the comments, we don't need to be above one every quarter for the balance of the year to hit our numbers. So, it's early days. I think that overall, we're pleased with the book-to-bill of Q1 because it's a little bit better than expected. Remember, but you have to recall, remember numerator and denominator Q2 and Q3, we step up on the shipment side, right? So you need almost a greater inflection of orders to stay above one from there. So, we'll see how it goes, but will take better-than-expected book-to-bill in Q1 [indiscernible].
Andy Kaplowitz: Yes, that's helpful, Rich. And then maybe just on CST, again, you obviously still have very high backlog coverage. Even with the debooking. So when you look at the business, I know you're still forecasting mid-single-digit growth about the Q2 issue. But is that mid-single-digit growth really more of a minimum given sort of the capacity additions you've got and the strength in heat exchangers and CO2 systems? And how durable is the growth you think as you go forward, even if economic conditions get a little more difficult?
Richard Tobin: Well, we're very prospective on the CO2 systems and on the heat exchanger side, which is the reason that we're expanding capacity. So that capacity is going to take basically the balance of the year to progressively come online. We probably could sell some of that capacity if it was in place now, but we think that we still in the March in terms of our capacity build versus our competitors there. So, we're bringing it online as fast as we can, but you can't sacrifice quality, and there's a variety of other things that you need to do to get it done. The swing factor will be, as I mentioned in the comments, that we have some interesting projects in Belvac, which we would expected Belvac to cycle down some in Q2, which I think we talked about at the beginning of the year. If we were able to book that, that would be a positive in terms of back-end growth. And look, at the end of the day, we expect to rebook the refrigeration business in the second half of the year. But I will tell you that, that cost structure of that business is much more flexible than it's been in the past. So even if we were to miss a little bit in terms of the top line growth there, I don't think that we're going to see the margin dilution that you would have seen historically.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: So first question, I guess, maybe just following up on Andy's question on orders. Rich, what's the price positively in March from an order standpoint?
Richard Tobin: North American dispensers, I think was a positive surprise, and we wouldn't -- we were not expecting that to inflect until the back half of the year. Heat exchangers, I mean, I think that if we really wanted to go get the orders now, we could basically book the balance of the year in terms of backlog. That's been good. Printing ID, if you look at the performance of Q1 has been excellent. I mean that's a business that I don't think anybody models an 8% growth rate there at some really good margins. So, I mean it's broad-based in the portfolio. I think what we're most pleased with, I guess, is that biopharma inflected, right? Because we -- you see our customers now reporting their earnings of the week. We were kind of three quarters in front of everybody else in the destocking. So, we feel good about basically this inflecting in the second half of the year. And I think that we've had a more positive view, I think, on retail fueling then, I guess, the market would expect and if March orders are a precursor, I think we feel good about our full year estimates.
Joe Ritchie: Awesome. No, that's great. And it's a good segue into biopharma, right? So, it seems like you're probably at a trough margin for the segment in 1Q, I think you're still expecting the margins for the year to be pretty much flat year-over-year versus last year. So that would imply a pretty significant improvement from here. How do you think about the cadence of that improvement over the coming quarters?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, the negative comp is less so in Q2 than Q1. It was pretty significant in Q1, as you can see from the margin performance. It's still negative in Q2 and it reflects positively in the second half. The interesting part about it is we really never lost operating margin on the lower volume. We actually preserved margins. We just lost all of the volume and all the gross margin associated with that volume. So more interesting thing about targeting 30% for the full year is the balance of that segment is growing very well, and it's dilutive to biopharma. So to get to 30%, it does -- it's interesting that if those parts of the portfolio grow significantly or at least stay on the track that they're on right now, we probably have a little bit of difficulty to reach 30% just because of the portfolio effect of the segment itself. But better news is, we've been waiting now, but biopharma looks like it turns from a headwind at the half to a tailwind going forward, and we'd expect that tailwind to be material in '24.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Brad, a question. Now that you guys are a HVAC heat pump company, or can we just talk about swap a little bit? I think Carrier just talked about the market tripling for European heat pumps, you've highlighted swap capacity additions in one of the key areas for expansion for your company. You highlighted order upside in this business. Do you guys have enough capacity to keep up with this tripling of the market? And how do you see -- I know that you and Alfa Laval sort of at the top of the market right now? How do you see sort of incremental competition sort of coming in and screwing up this market?
Richard Tobin: We have not had the time to digest what Carrier put out there in terms of the marketplace. So, I'll take a pause on that. We -- but we have been participating in the growth of the European heat pump market now for several years. I think that we are proactive in terms of building out our capacity. As we mentioned, we -- our target is to increase capacity early in '24 by 50% for SWEP. So part of winning share is to have the available capacity at the right product quality at the right price point. So that's all we can do. So we would expect that we'll be, we'll receive part of whatever estimates you want to make about what the future is in terms of heat pump growth from here, but we don't think it's just a European phenomenon. We'd expect that technology to be adopted progressively over the balance of the world driven a lot by regulation and that's why we're not just expanding our capacity in Europe, we've actually expanded in Asia and the United States also.
Andrew Obin: And just the question, you would agree with you on the impact of order rates, supply chain normalization and order rates. It does seem you're starting to release working capital. Where are you just in your broader thinking about the balance between the state of economy credit availability and just brought -- I'm not asking about Dover, I'm not asking about Dover order rates, right, but just order rates for industrial economy as a whole because I think you have sort of great insights over the past 24 months about the entire dynamic?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I can't remember the Sammy Hagar song about like one foot on the gas and one on the brake. That's the way we're trying to run it here, right. That meaning that there's a lot of macro uncertainty in the marketplace, we think that we've got some tailwinds. But we can't just be blind, of not watching our own balance sheet. And quite frankly, we've been carrying excess inventory for two years around here. So, it was natural for us to kind of liquidate. Our watch points are the businesses that we have that are subject to constriction in credit. So to pick one and not to be overtly negative here, I mean, our car wash business requires is largely driven in a certain way of entrepreneurs getting loans and building out carwash. Well, the fact of the matter is that credit is going to be tightened. Now, does that open up the door for our big retail clients to now meaningfully move into the carwash space? We'll see. So, there's a lot of moving parts here. At the end of the day, my personal view, it's going to be a consumer driven recession, and in which I think that we're going to get. I think, whether that negativity is fully offset by the amount of capital that is going into kind of the regulatory regime or reshoring or a variety of other tailwinds that we talked about during the Investor Day, our position right now is, yes, all right. But that implies really no degradation of the macro in a meaningful way from here kind of like a slow let the air out of a balloon as opposed to a shock. So, we're going to have a management meeting here as soon as this Q&A is done, and part of what we're going to do is basically go business by business and say, all right, what's your plan to meet your numbers for the year and what's your plan, if we run into trouble, right. We've got we have no choice but to run the corporation that way.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Halloran with Baird.
Mike Halloran: By the way nice -- I Can't Drive 55 Sammy Hagar restaurant, anyways, maybe just following up on that last question there. How are you guys thinking about the or what are you seeing on the larger CapEx side from the what, later cycle, longer cycle type stuff? Are you seeing any change in the purchase patterns there? And obviously, that's not the climate at the booking but any real change on that side or anything notable?
Richard Tobin: Well, we're modeled in a reduction in CapEx in beverage can make, right after going we had a pretty good three-year run of a lot of build out there and if you go look at what the big can makers are saying they're kind of pausing and getting their footing together. But that was modeled into our forecasts. And heat pumps, I think, the issues is your, so we'll leave that alone for the time being. On the retail fuelling side, it's actually the amount of negativity around that I think is overcooked, because we do see a lot of CapEx still there. We still expect a lot of consolidation there, which drives CapEx when those retail operations are, you basically have taking smaller stations and building much more larger complex stations, which is good for us. But Mike at the end of the day, plastics in terms of raw production of capacity expansion, particularly in Asia and North America is quite good despite energy costs moving up a little bit. So, the watch points for us is more credit tightness and how that affects CapEx for kind of not for big OEMs but for kind of like the second layer, that's where we think there may be some tightness.
Mike Halloran: No, that makes sense. And on the flip side of that coin on the short cycle side and trends on that side been relatively stable from a seasonality perspective or any real movement there?
Richard Tobin: It's been relatively stable.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: One point I just wanted to check in on was on DEP, which I don't think has got much attention yet. But you had a very good margin expansion year-on-year, in the first quarter down sequentially. Just trying to understand sort of as we think about margins for the year that they're growing, I think for the year as a whole. Is that all kind of first half loaded? Do you think we should see decent margin expansion as you move through the year? And is the sort of the flattish vehicle aftermarket guide, does that have any margin impact or it's a sort of similar margin to the segment?
Richard Tobin: The margins should go up into Q4. So you're rightly, if you go back and look at Q4 margin, we would expect Q1 margin that come down solely on production performance. So, we would expect it to come down but from a comp point of view from here, we'd expect to have accretive margins up until Q4 and then we'll see how we end the year because I think our margins are quite robust. On the vehicle, calling that market flat, right, so it's not a negative in terms of consolidated margin from the segment instead that's more of a top line comment, as opposed to a margin comment.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. And then, just my follow up, I know you tried to give some Q2 commentary when prompted and in the spirit of letting no good deed go unpunished. We've had a lot of questions on your second quarter sort of commentary. So, I just wondered if you could put any kind -- fully understand you do not guide quarterly, but I don't know if there was any finer point you could put on that second quarter color, you kind of saying that EPS in Q1 was up low single digit year on year, and so the second quarter doesn't look too different from that year on year performance?
Richard Tobin: I think it's more Julian of the performance in terms of revenue and margin looks, comp to comp looks similar. Now, having said that, we had an $0.08 of EPS headwind of kind of below the line segment headwinds, which we believe dissipates. So I don't want to get into EPS accretion guidance quarter to quarter, but we did it. So, it looks -- if you look at Q2, if you look at the performance, relative performance Q1 to Q1 comp and do the same for Q2 to Q2 comp, it should look similar probably without some of the headwind that we saw on the below the line items.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis: A lot of territories been covered here, so I don't want to beat a dead horse. But Rich, would it be fair to say, you know, you said earlier that better than expected book-to-bill in the quarter that that comment is clear, but was it also better than expected price in that book-to-bill in the quarter? I mean, piecing it together, it sounds like the answer's yes, but I haven't explicitly heard you say that.
Richard Tobin: No, but the price that we have, the price that the accretion from price overall is just peanut buttered over what we see the sequential revenue growth is for the full year. And so, it's not as if we've put new pricing out there. And so that book-to-bill is kind of more accretive that what we have modeled, at the end of the day, I'd have to go back and take a look in terms of mix but as you can imagine around here, calculating mix effect on that many revenue streams is a bit difficult. But, overall, Scott, it was, we knew we were carrying big backlogs into '23 and we knew, and our customers knew that our lead times were coming down quite a bit. So we would expect it kind of to do more of a bleed off of not necessarily the backlog, but it would reflect it in the lower order rates. But you know, like I said, in March we had a pretty good inflection in terms of orders, which allowed us to get above one because as I mentioned with the back, what we've got modeled in for backlog depletion. We don't need to be above one this year and that's why we're trying to kind of coach everybody into, let's not panic if we don't do above one. We don't need to be above one to hit our numbers.
Scott Davis: Yes, that's clear. Okay. I'm going to keep it at that guys. You answered everything else. I appreciate it and best of luck.
Richard Tobin: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Rich, just on that comment on March in terms of the booking rates being better, can you put that in context of these lead time improvements? And what you would expect it to be kind of in the opposite direction. Was that surprise really in these longer cycle or longer lead time businesses where maybe folks were kind of waiting to see what they wanted to do or waiting to see what that supply chain impact was and then came back? Or was it in the more like shorter cycle economically sensitive stuff?
Richard Tobin: Both, right. So, you had positive inflection and biopharma that we talked about. I think, retail fueling inflected positively, which is a good sign. But on the longest cycle side, plastics and polymers, which is a long cycle business booked very well. And we expect it to book very well again in Q2. So, it's both I mean, at the end of the day. So -- but we haven't even had the time to dissect it order by order. But I can tell you just in terms of it's not overly short cycle and it's an -- exclusively short cycle, because there is an element of long cycle in there, which you're going to see probably in our backlogs by the time we close Q2.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: And then just on climate and sustainability, I think there's some decent mix within mix there. And maybe just to avoid, something like what happened in Pumps & Process. Is there a quarter that you can see coming or a period of time where you would expect, some outsize mix effect to show up or should we just see kind of the steady progression we've seen thus far?
Richard Tobin: I think everybody overestimates the margin in Belvac, which is accommodated into our forecast for the full year beginning because as we mentioned. We've been kind of transparent about what the cycle was there. We would expect to see some kind of fade there, but it's not something that we can't mop up because CO2 systems and heat exchanger margins are at minimum flat to what we get in beverage can making.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from Brett Linzey with Mizuho Americas.
Brett Linzey: First question just on Pumps & Process. Good to see some stabilization there in biopharma. Just curious how we should think about the mixed benefit on the other side here obviously some sequential improvement through the year, but thinking about next year, I mean, we're going to be expanding back into that 32% to 33% level?
Richard Tobin: That's pretty aggressive. Look, at the end of the day, as I mentioned, we actually did not give up margin going down. We just gave up the mix effect of that reduced volume on the segment itself. All I can tell you is we would expect on the way back up that from a margin mix point of view, it's clearly positive. And that's why I think that we're sitting, as I mentioned in my opening comments, we're trying our best to get to 30 for the full year, which implies some amount of positive. We know we have the compound positivity, but it implies some amount of growth in the second half of the year at some healthy biopharma margin. But more importantly as we went through in the Investor Day, if we strip out the COVID, the core business is growing 20%. So, if we get some growth in the back end, it's margin accretive and as we roll into '24, if we can keep on that trajectory then it becomes meaningful in terms of absolute profits and margin. But what I don't want to do is to tuck down the growth rates of the rest of the segment from a mix point of view because if they grow significantly themselves and you're going to have a little bit of a margin mix drag, but in absolute profits will take it.
Brett Linzey: And then just on Slide 9, you called out the ongoing restructuring actions, I think 14 million in the first quarter. Where are you in terms of right sizing efforts? Do you think you're in a pretty good spot in terms of capacity lined with deliverables? Or is there more to do there?
Richard Tobin: In fueling solutions, I think that we're probably 90% there. We've taken a bunch of cost out last year, and then we took some further actions this year. So, the management team is doing a real good job of kind of getting their arms around positioning the cost structure of that business based on what we believe that demand is and the business model is going to be going from here. Having said that, the balance of the portfolio as opportunity in it, and I think if you go back and read the comments, I think I wrote into the fact that we would expect some further footprint actions to go on. And I think you'll begin to see some of that this year.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Dickens, Senior Director of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Gretchen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of this call will be available on our website through February 21, and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for 90 days. Dover provides non-GAAP information, and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks Jack. Let’s get started with the performance highlights on Slide 3. Dover delivered strong organic revenue growth of 9% and margin improvement of 150 basis points in the fourth quarter. Volume mix, price cost and prior period cost reduction actions all contributed to the positive performance. As we've been forecasting throughout 2021, the relationship between supply chain constraints and bookings has continued to play out into Q4. The majority of the labor and component availability and logistics constraints have dissipated resulting in production lead times returning to pre pandemic levels. Importantly, our 4% annualized through cycle organic bookings growth rate reflects the continued secular demand strength across our businesses. Our order backlog remains elevated compared to normal levels, and provides us with a good topline visibility going into [Indiscernible]. Our continuous efforts to improve productivity and efficiency principally enabled by advances we achieved in e-commerce adoption, back office consolidation and SKU or SKU complexity reduction, resulted in robust margin accretion in the quarter. We expect benefits from our research efforts to further accrue in 2023. We continue to deploy capital toward portfolio improvement, organic growth and production efficiency in 2022. Our capital expenditures in 2022 were the highest in recent Dover history and we continue to invest in manufacturing productivity projects and proactive capacity expansions to fuel our top line growth and margin improvement capabilities. We also completed five attractive bolt-on acquisitions in 2022 that provide exposure to high growth technologies and end markets and finally, we took the opportunity to return capital to our shareholders, including the completion of our 500 million accelerated share repurchase, which was completed in quarter four. We entered 2023 with a constructive stance. Demand trends remain healthy across a portfolio and we have a significant volume of business in backlog entering to the New Year. Expected revenue growth price actions and productivity measures from 2022 lay the foundation for margin accretion in 2023 have high confidence in Dover's end markets, flexible business model and proven execution playbook continuing to deliver earnings growth. Our strategy for robust through cycle shareholder value creation remains unchanged, to combine solid and consistent growth above GDP, strong operational execution generating meaningful margin accretion over time, and value added discipline capital deployment. As a result of this, we are forecasting for -- guided revenue guidance of 3% to 5% Organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS of $8.85 to $9.05. I'll skip slide 4, and let's move on to Slide 5. Engineered Products revenue was up 16% in the quarter continuing the trend of double-digit top line growth through the year. Revenue growth was broad based across the portfolio of particular strength in North America. Margins continued the sequential build throughout the year finishing -- 20% at 620 basis points year-over-year primarily driven by improving supply chains and price cost dynamics products mix as well as events investments and productivity initiatives. Clean Energy & Fueling finished the quarter and the year roughly flat on organic basis. Revenue performance for the quarter was up and clean energy components. Vehicle wash, fuel transport and below-ground retail fuel, offsetting the comparable declined a dispenser and EMV card readers in the period. Margins in the quarter were up 170 basis points on positive price cost and the mix impact from both organic, inorganic investments that we made in clean energy components and vehicle wash. This was augmented by further cost reduction actions initiatives in the third quarter, and the full, the full year carry over these actions will continue to accrue in 2023. In Imaging & Identification, volumes for our marking and coding printers, spare parts and consumables were strong in all geographies, with the exception of near term softness in China due to the COVID impact. Our software businesses continue to perform well with penetration of key customer brand accounts with strong growth in SaaS portion of our serialization software. FX remained negative headwind to absolute revenue and profits in the segment given its large base of non-US dollar revenue. Q4 margins in Imaging & ID were very strong at 25% improving 250 basis points on stronger volumes, pricing actions and products product mix richness. This business has delivered exemplary margin improvement in the last few year years as it utilizes our productivity tools for e-commerce back office consolidation and offshore engineering. Pumps & Process Solutions was up 4% organically for the year but posted a 4% decline in the fourth quarter driven principally by post-COVID transition in the biopharma space. The non-COVID biopharma business has continued to grow and our overall biopharma business as well above its pre-pandemic level. New orders for biopharma connectors reflected positively in the fourth quarter after several quarters of sequential declines. All other business this segment posted solid organic growth in the fourth quarter with particular strength in polymer processing equipment and precision components in the back of improved conditions in energy markets. Operating margin for the quarter was 29% is comparable revenue mix of products delivered. Top line in Climate & Sustainability technologies continued its double digit growth in the fourth quarter posted 27% organic growth across all business geographies. Demand trends remain particularly robust in heat exchangers and CO2 refrigeration systems driven by the global investments in sustainability. Our capacity expansion programs in both these businesses remain on schedule and will continue to allow us to continue to meet growing customer demand. Margins are up 450 basis points in the quarter and over 300 basis points for the full year on improved productivity in food, retail and strong volume growth and good mix of product delivered. I’ll pass it on to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6. The top bridge shows our quarterly organic revenue growth of 9% driven by increases in four of our five segments. As expected FX was a substantial headwind at 5% or $94 million and impacted both revenue growth and profitability. FX headwinds resulted in Q4 and full year 2022 negative EPS impacts of $0.10 and $0.35 respectively. Recent euro gains against dollar have reduced our forecasted FX headwinds in 2023, which we currently estimate at $0.05 to $0.10 for the full year EPS. M&A contributed $58 million to the top line in the quarter, a product of $80 million from acquisitions partially offset by $22 million from divestitures late in 2021. We saw a strong organic growth across most of our geographies in the quarter. The U.S. our largest market was up 7% organically, Europe was up 19% organically driven by particular strength in polymer processing, beverage can making, natural refrigerate systems and heat exchangers. All of Asia was down 1%. China, which represents approximately half of our business in Asia declined by about 10% in Q4, driven by short term impacts from the COVID resurgence. On the bottom chart, bookings were down year-over-year due to foreign exchange, translation and normalizing lead times across several businesses. Now on our cash flow statement on page, slide 7. Free cash flow for the year came in at $585 million, down year-over-year on increased capital expenditures, onetime tax payments and investments and working capital supporting growth. At our current earnings margin, we would expect to generate free cash flow of approximately 13% of revenue in an average year. 2022 free cash flow lagged behind that level, due primarily to elevate a working capital investment striving two thirds of the gap. As previously discussed, our view -- we view incremental investment in inventory over the past two years as productive despite its carrying cost enabling us to deliver 17% cumulative organic top line growth and over 30% growth in absolute EBITDA between 2019 and 2022. We are now focused on extracting back cash invested in inventory. As supply chain is improved in the fourth quarter, we began reducing inventory particularly finished goods. The majority of excess we carry into 2023 is in raw materials and we expect to consume a significant portion of that excess in the first half of the year. In addition to inventory reductions, we expect to collect elevated receivables from the fourth quarter and normalize our payable balances driving significant improvement in working capital in 2023. We also forecast lower CapEx followed following a stepped up cap next year in 2022. As a result, our forecast for 2023 free cash flow is between 15% and 17% of revenue. I'll turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Okay, I'm on slide 8. I'll be brief on this slide since we've been discussing the linkages between bookings, backlog and revenue and expected trajectory of these metrics for nearly two years. First to remind everyone that in 2021 bookings of $9.4 billion driven by post-COVID demand surge, as well as constrained supply chains the required customers drew order in advance were roughly 20% higher than our revenue that year resulting in an unprecedented backlog that requires time to ship and unwind while bookings normalize. Importantly, concerns about double ordering and cancellations did not materialize. And we have been depleting the backlog in an orderly fashion as product lead times improved. If we smooth out the post pandemic surge in bookings our bookings CAGR has been 4% from 2019 to 2022. Let's go to Slide 9 here, we show the growth and margin outlook by segment for 2023. that underpin our guidance. We expect Engineered Products to remain solid. Pent-up demand and automation initiatives and waste hauling support our robust outlook. Despite high demand, our refuse collection vehicles shipments in 2022 is still has not recovered to pre-pandemic levels due to chassis availability. After an excellent performance in vehicle services group in Q4 we expect a slower start in 2023 and Engineered Products is forecast to improve margins in 2023 on solid volumes benefits from our recent productivity capital investments taking hold and positive call price cost tailwinds. Clean Energy & Fueling is expected to grow single digits organically which we expect to be second half weighted due to demand for dispensers during the year. Dispenser bookings beginning to normalize, we expect Q1 to be the trough for the business with gradual recovery through the remainder of the year. All other businesses in the segment are positioned well for growth in 2023, with particular strength in our clean energy components. For the year we expect margin improvements in Clean Energy & Fueling and volume recovery, improved mix and recently enacted restructuring actions and above ground fueling. Imaging & ID is expected to continue its trajectory steady GDP growth and attractive margins. We see robust demand for new printers and components and consumables and professional services the outlook for the bulk serialization and brand protection software is also strong. Margin as business are robust and we expect them to remain as such to 2023. We project flat organic growth in pumps and process solutions. Our industrial pumps and plastics and polymers, precision components and thermo connector businesses are all positioned for solid growth. The biopharma components business is expect to hit its bottom in volume and margin in the first quarter as customers worked through and repurpose excess inventory. We are beginning to see encouraging signs and bookings for our biopharma connectors, and our full year forecasts may prove to be conservative. The long-term tailwinds of single use components for biological drug manufacture remain compelling. And importantly, our products are specified for regulated manufacturing of therapies with attractive growth outlook. And we continue to win new specifications and an active pipeline of new biologic and cell and gene therapies. Margin performance is expected to be roughly flat for the year with a sequentially lower level in the first and second quarters on unfavorable product mix from slower biopharma and geographic mix from higher sales in China, for plastics and polymers. Growth outlook for climate and sustainability technologies remain solid as our businesses continue to ship against strong backlog levels. We are forecasting continued double-digit growth in both natural refrigerant systems and heat exchangers for heat pumps. Our beverage can making businesses booked well into 2023 and expect continued margin improvement in 2023 on volume conversion, productivity gains and mix. Move on to Slide 10. Here we show our recent performance against our capital allocation priorities, our priorities to reinvest in our business, which represents the highest return on investment. 2022 represented a recent record for CapEx with numerous capacity expansions and productivity investments completed. We will continue our efforts to add attractive bolt-on acquisitions to improve our portfolio by entering new markets with secular growth. We invested $325 million into five highly attractive acquisitions in 2022. We're carrying significant firepower in a compelling M&A pipeline into 2023. Finally, as we did in 2022, we will return excess liquidity to our shareholders through increased dividends and opportunistic. Let’s move onto Slide 11. For the wrap up, before we get into our full year guidance I’ll make a few comments on our view of the macro environment and how we believe the year may develop. First and foremost, we hope that the Fed is cautious going forward from here. We support the efforts to tackle inflation, which had had a large hand in causing but we are in the camp that believes the Fed has gone far enough and the lagged effect of the further actions can be problematic to economic growth. Market participants are likely to be cautious with the timing of their demand generating decisions as there is a recognition that manufacturing lead times and logistics constraints have been largely repaired. And as such, we expect first quarter demand to reflect this cautious stance. We expect seasonality to the year to be weighted towards quarters two and three in revenue and earnings and weighted to H1 for cash flow as our balance sheet reflects liquidation of inventory and receivables from 2022. Despite the uncertain macro, our goals remain ambitious, we will push hard to win our share of demand. We have done a lot of work to improve the performance of our products and we believe we would have the right to win. We have proactively expanded capacity to meet projected demand and areas of the portfolio with significant secular growth opportunities. So now let me put our guide in EPS performance of the longer term perspective. Our objectives delivered double-digit through cycle EPS growth for our investors through a balanced mix of healthy revenue growth, margin accretion, value creative capital deployment. We have been delivering on that equipment that had led to that commitment, and we drive will continue to drive to continue to do so. I want to thank our customers for trusting Dover businesses to deliver on their important needs. And I'm grateful to Dover teams across the world for continuing to serve our customers and execute well despite various challenges along the road. That's completes the comments. So Jack, let's go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Andrew Obin from Bank of America.
David Ridley-Lane: Good morning, this is David Ridley-Lane on for Andrew. And so there are different reasons, reasons for each segment. But the guidance assumes better second half growth in three of the five segments. What's kind of the underlying demand assumption? Are you assuming things are fairly stable? Or do you embed kind of a deterioration in underlying demand given you're seeing better second half growth in several segments?
Richard Tobin: I think that the feedback that we're getting from our customers is to start off the year cautiously. I think that there's in a lot of portions of the marketplace, there's inventory that needs to be depleted. And I think that there's a concern about the macro. There also is this view that inflation is coming down, and that being prudent about when to start projects is probably going to put them in the money. Furthermore, I think they have a difficult comp in Q1 just because of FX alone. So I don't think there's anything other than as we mentioned, biopharma meeting, getting to the bottom where we expect orders to inflect positively from there. I think it's just an overly cautious stance going into the New Year. Everybody knows that lead times have been prepared -- have been repaired. So it's not as if they have to put the orders in and take and take the deliveries in Q1. So it will actually go back to what had been historically the seasonality of the Dover portfolio, where a little bit of a slow start second quarter and third quarter quite high and then we run for cash in Q4.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And then a quick one on China, I heard you that you'd seen some demand disruptions, given the COVID resurgence. Any concern about labor related disruptions of your operations, were -- are suppliers showing up later this year?
Richard Tobin: No. I mean, from a supply standpoint, we are not overly levered towards China with the exception of electronic components, which don't make a disproportionate high amount of our purchases. So no, I don't I think that China, we the stance is it's going to get better from here, not worse.
David Ridley-Lane: Thank you very much.
Richard Tobin: Welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hey Rich, just on the order normalization agreement and talking about this for a long time, do you kind of expect things to revert back to that kind of historical balance for your backlog as, call it 20% or so forward sales by the end of the year? Or do you think this takes a bit longer than normalize?
Richard Tobin: Well, a lot of that depends on the macro, Jeff at the end of the day. But yes, I mean, yes, we would expect to go back there. I would call your attention to the slide that we had at the end of Q3 that showed normal backlogs by segment. We would expect to go back there. If 19 is normal. Let's say, I think that's what the comparison, comparative number there is. We would expect it to go back there.
Jeff Sprague: And then Rick given…
Richard Tobin: But it may flex over time. And well, again, I'll leave it at that. It will go back to I would call your attention to that slide. And that's where we're going to end up.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And then, you're the comments to this prior question kind of touched on this a little bit. The nature of my follow up here is what is the price discussion, like on orders now, now that as you say, as to why chains are normalizing, and there's the expectation that inflation does begin to fade. Do you see downward pressure on price and maybe put that in the context of what your own cost equation looks like in 2023?
Richard Tobin: Yes, we've been pretty disciplined in terms of not repricing our backlog. For sure. So I don't expect any issues there that are not manageable. I think that what we can expect at the beginning of this year is everybody having a view -- we're not and this includes us when we deal with our own suppliers that inflation is coming down. And if I, if I spend some time in Q1 renegotiating maybe I can force the issue to a certain extent. So in our estimates, we don't have any unannounced pricing that's not out in the marketplace, meaning that’s not baked into our numbers, another price increase in the June time period. But it's going to be it's, it's going to be interesting to see how it develops over time. I think it's going to be reflected more in a delay in terms of the order rates, until we get into a position of back and forth of do you -- when do you need the product and when do you have to stop negotiating the price?
Jeff Sprague: And that algorithm leaves your price cost positive for the year as it stands?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Yes. Our estimates are price cost positive for the year based on roll forward, what basically what you see in Q4.
Jeff Sprague: Right, thank you.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys, good morning.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: So it just if you have these backlogs, right, and expect them to expect to work them down over the course of the year. Why wouldn't that mean that, assuming that those lead times I mean, they are extended, but I wouldn't think too extended given the nature of your business. Why wouldn't that, liquidation of backlog help kind of the normal seasonality, assuming that you -- your the trend line is what it is, but you're delivering at a backlog which should help sales in the near term. Why are customers not taking this stuff earlier?
Richard Tobin: Well, a lot of them are based on their own CapEx plan. So as we as we talked about in the end of Q4 about the decline in dispensers it was kind of interesting to us because we were shipping heavily in the below ground and hardly shipping anything and above ground. And that was a reflection of the delay in getting these projects done because of supply chain constraints and labor and everything else. I think that we're going to see a little, that's an example. We're going to see a little bit of that more in Q1. Right? So despite having the backlog, the customers are not saying, what, deliver it on January 1, and I'll go put it in the warehouse, and I'll pull it out when I want. They just don't feel the need. That's what was kind of going on in the marketplace to a certain extent, for a period of time. As that accordion effect is beginning to unwind. Yes, the backlog is there, but they're saying, what, here's the timing of my project, and I may want it in March. I may want it in April. So the depletion will be orderly over the balance of the year.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then how much price are you, are you assuming this year in the organic?
Richard Tobin: I don't think that we disclose that, but it's a good portion of the organic growth is price.
Steve Tusa: Okay, and then one last one for you just on orders. I think to get to that level of backlog at the end of the year looks like it's roughly I don't know, like a $2 billion backlog assuming a mid-single digit growth rate, which would imply roughly 6 billion of orders. Is that does that feel about right?
Richard Tobin: Let me do it in my head. Yes, that's, that's close. Yes.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And…
Richard Tobin: It gets very much it's going to be very much contingent of what happens in the long cycle portion of the business, right? The Maags and the Belvac and to a certain extent, SWEP, which is becoming a long-cycle business, because we're beginning to rather than sell the products and selling capacity. So if those three hang in there, then yes, that's what that's all be.
Steve Tusa: Yes. Okay. That, and those would be the toughest comps in the first half.
Richard Tobin: Correct.
Steve Tusa: Yes. Okay. Great. Thanks.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Hey Joe.
Joe Ritchie: So, Rich I just want to make sure I understand your seasonality comments as it relates to the first quarter. Because if I go back to like prior seasonality, you could see, the first quarter being kind of like a high teens percentage of the full year to kind of mid 20s. I mean, if I use the midpoint, it kind of puts me around the $2 range. If I'm doing the math, right. For the first quarter, I just want to make sure that I'm level setting correctly.
Richard Tobin: Joe, I don't have Excel open here in front of me. I'd like to just -- look at the end of the day this is just a general statement about the feedback that we're getting from the marketplace, right. Everybody's concerned about recession. And so there's a bias towards being very careful with inventory also included. So we just think that the take off is back to the question that Steve asked before is that the backlog is there, but the take rate on that backlog should start out slowly, right, until everybody gets in place where we can, a lot of what we deliver goes right to the project site. And a lot of cases least the businesses that are tethered to distribution. So I'm, I'm not calling for a collapse in Q1 by any stretch of the margin. But, but we don't want to do it, the only reason that we're calling it out is we're coming out of periods where we had very strong Q1s in the seasonality versus the past got a little bit out of whack. So we're just telling you to just be careful with Q1, the full year is the full year. And we're confident in that. But I think they just we have to be, we have to recognize that is an amount of caution in the marketplace. And everybody's going to be very careful about how much inventory they lay in until they can see what's going on with kind of the macro, per se.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. No, that makes sense. I guess maybe my quick follow up, I think last quarter, you guys had called out I think like a roughly $0.23 benefit in DC from the cost actions. And you're continuing to highlight, kind of margin improvement this year. Can you maybe so, firstly, we still on track for that $0.23. And then secondly, across the rest of the portfolio, where are you seeing opportunities for margin expansion in 2023?
Richard Tobin: I think all of the $0.23 was not in clean energy. I think $0.19 of the $0.23 if I remember correctly, more or less is in there. Yes.
Joe Ritchie: And some of that was in the fourth quarter too.
Richard Tobin: And some of that was in the fourth quarter also because we actually took the cost actions in Q3 But everything is on track. What you do as you get -- you get a bad comp in that business because it was still delivering pretty heavily in Q1, but we expect that to be offset by clean energy components and below ground and car wash, which are margin accretive. So you get basically over the year, a positive inflection of mix on the portfolio, but I think you just have to be a little bit careful in Q1 just because the above ground is a bad comp.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Makes sense. Thanks, guys.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, could you give us a little more color regarding your expectations for DPPS in 2023. What's your conviction level in terms of biopharma connectors destock ending in Q1? I know you mentioned book is inflected sequentially. And then you're -- just in terms of margin, I know you're forecasting flattish for the year in this segment. Given where Q4 2022 left off, it's not that easy to get there. So maybe you could elaborate on your cost controls and productivity actions in that segment that gets you back to those 2022 levels?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Well, we did take cost out as volume came out of the sector for sure, and we did that progressively through the year. And I think we took a further action in the end of Q3, Q4, more or less. Look, orders are beginning to inflect. We are paying a lot of attention to the commentary of our customers out there who are basically saying it's an H1 event and then expect to have all the inventory cleared. I will tell you that we have not been overly ambitious in our estimates for the full year. So I think if we're going to -- I think that we may have a little bit more difficult H1, but I think that we've got a better and even chance to have a better-than-expected performance in the second half of the year. But what we'd like to see is the order rates come up and us start expanding capacity to deal with it, which I think we can turn around to do it. So yes, the flat margins year-over-year. We're going to have to be really careful with our cost controls, and we're going to have to deliver polymers and plastics and precision components are going to have to deliver on the volume that we expect to get out of those businesses. But it's not like we're being overly ambitious in volume in biopharma for the year.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Great. And then, Rich, I know you don't want to tell us all about your Investor Day in March. But maybe in terms of -- you've talked about portfolio management a little more frequently lately, so maybe update us on that. And then obviously, you talked at the beginning of your prepared comments around SKU management. We know you've been really focused on costs. So in terms of longer-term margin targets, anything to sort of talk about their preview there? I assume margins can rise pretty significantly from where they ended in 2022?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean that's going to be part of it Andy, at the end of the day. So let's not the card before the horse, but we're going to basically do what we did back in 2019 and try to give you a 3-year forward role by segment and what we think the contributing factors to it. I mean a lot of it is going to be on-going productivity, but I think what's underestimated is that the organic revenue potential is underestimated. And I think we've done a lot of work in terms of mix here. So the mix of the products that we have today versus what we started with in 2020 is, I think, a lot different than that was back then. So it's not some ambitious we're going to grow completely out of the order. I think we'll grow higher than basically the market expects us because we generally get bottom quartile expected growth rates and revenue, but I think mix is going to be the most important aspect of it.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Do you expect to give a specific target around organic growth? Or is it like GDP plus?
Richard Tobin: I don't know yet.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Fair enough. Thanks Rich.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hey good morning guys.
Richard Tobin: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: The -- I probably asked this a couple of quarters ago, but the M&A markets, Richard, they come down to kind of more realistic levels for you guys and expect to be a little bit more active in 2023?
Richard Tobin: Well, I guess taking on any leverage to do a deal has not been well received by anybody. So I guess we'd have to be careful with a larger deal presently for whatever reason, the capital markets are not looking kindly on leverage for, I guess, the reasons we can understand about unsurety of the macro going forward. But yes, I think that what we've seen so far is that a realistic multiples are now becoming -- are reflective of what's going on in the capital markets. So you always have -- most of our deals are private, as you know, private companies. There's always a lag between the public capital markets at a private valuation. I think that, that has narrowed towards to the public capital markets.
Scott Davis: Okay. And I don't like the traffic of minutia [ph], but is there such a thing as a can-making cycle? I mean what -- it seems like we've had pretty high demand year for several years in a row. What -- what's in the other side of it? Is there a big investment cycle now and that it's just kind of air pockets after that? Or is there some new dynamic involved in that world?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I'm not allowed to say that the AP, right because the CTAs love to pick up on that step. But yes, look, I mean, it is a cyclical business and there are investment cycles and part and parcel is to not over capacitize yourself as the cycle goes up and the recapture on the spare parts, which are margin accretive on the way down. So that's the way that we look at the business. Now having said that, it will be interesting to see what happens with PET in drinks going forward. I know that there's been a little bit of a pushback on ESG lately. But the fact of the matter is that PET from an environmental point of view is not a preferred option. So to the extent that the cost plus ESG aspect of PET over time make aluminum more attractive, then we could -- that is by far the largest portion of the market. So even if a recapture rate of 15% of PET market would drive another cycle. So that's kind of where we are right now.
Scott Davis: All right. Good luck guys in 2023.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hey good morning guys.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Rich, so you've been sort of holographing what's happened with orders and backlog and kind of watching the Fed movements for a while now and been more concerned about them we're doing it. Does your view of kind of downturn management look different because of some of the scarcity that we've had the last 2 years in terms of hiring folks, looking for new suppliers, maybe honoring existing agreements? Does any of that look different with the recovery on the other side we kind of have more of the same scarcity that we've had in the past.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I wouldn't expect to run into the logistics constraints that we've seen. I think that was a one-off. I mean, you had just such a collapse of the macro and then a restart and then add a lot of the energy markets went haywire which drove the logistics market say, well, I don't expect that to happen. I mean I think that capacity was brought on. And if you look at logistics costs and the forward curves there, I don't expect that to repeat under any reasonable macro scenario from here. I think there is a lot of liquidity that's being taken from the general market. I think that lending is very low right now. It's very difficult to get loans and secure loans -- secure liquidity to run businesses out there. I'm not making it a Dover comment. I'm talking in total. So I'm concerned about that. And if that's the case, and there's the only way that if you're a private company, the only way you can generate liquidity in order to continue to fund yourself is to draw down inventory balances to extremely low levels, and that's negative to orders and revenue going forward. So that's our overall concern of -- I don't see the point of bringing out another 50 basis points only to turn around and give the 50 basis points back into Q4. Why bother? Why can't we just sit where we're standing right here because liquidity in the market is incredibly tight right now. So that's the fear. At the end of the day is that you have a delayed CapEx cycle, which we ascribe to the fact that there is a CapEx need out there because of productivity to offset higher labor costs, and then you've got all the stimulus money out there. But fact of the matter is there's no liquidity to accompany that I think that you have a delay effect that could be problematic.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then just thinking about the 4Q orders, any sense from you guys as lead times have improved that this is sort of the quarter where customers kind of squeeze the accordion on, hey, we don't need things 16 weeks earlier than normal anymore. So let's get back to maybe more normal ordering pace. Like -- is there an artificial low that you go through on orders as lead times normalize? Or is that something that's kind of barely perceptible over the medium term?
Richard Tobin: No, that's exactly what we think, and we think it's going to continue through Q1. And then from there, we expect based on our view of the demand cycle that it will inflect positively from there. But I think you're going to get another quarter of exactly how you described it, right? I know I can get the product. I have enough inventory to carry me through the quarter. I'm going to take the chance of depleting it because I know you can deliver into Q2.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Very helpful. Thanks. Best of luck guys.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Guy Hardwick from Credit Suisse.
Guy Hardwick: Hi good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hi, good morning.
Guy Hardwick: Rich, I think on the last call, you talked about a fundamental change in the business model in DCF. Are you ready to talk a bit more about that today?
Richard Tobin: Well, I would leave that to the Investor Day, right? I mean, I think that my comment was is that -- we went through this period of EMV and then we went through this period of the overhype EV taking over the world, and we were basically saying that we believe that we can position this business to harvest profits for 20 years. And I think that we're -- we've made the moves in Q3 of this year to begin to position ourselves appropriately there, right? So there was no sense of doing it in advance of a rising revenue curve. But now that it flattens out, we've got to run the business differently on one hand. And on the other hand, we've been a pretty active acquirer in that particular segment as we transition to clean energy exposure, particularly in the hydrogen space. So we're doing it -- but I would -- if you're looking for, what does that mean going forward from here in a holistic way, why don't we wait until March and we'll surely talk about it.
Guy Hardwick: And just a follow-up. Could you clarify that backlog math? Where do you think you could be at the end of the year?
Richard Tobin: Why don't we take this off-line because everybody's got a different calculation of if it's -- I think that there was 20% of the annual revenue should be in backlog in a normal time. So we got what our forecast is for revenue for this year. So it's a relatively easy calculation.
Guy Hardwick: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Hi, good morning everyone. So Rich, a couple of ground here. But just going back to the caution. You seem to talk about inventory and your inventory management more so than projects. I'm just wondering if you have to generalize, would you say the cautions more on CapEx? Or is it more the channel partners managing inventory levels very tightly. And would you say it's U.S. versus Europe? Would you say both are in the same camp? Or would you say the U.S. is right now where you've seen the more caution?
Richard Tobin: I think it's a U.S.-centric comment. I mean if you look at our growth rate in Europe, I don't think anybody would have modeled that considering kind of the overall caution about Europe in total, but frankly, a lot of what we do out of our production base in Europe gets -- we recognize the revenue in Europe, but it may end up around the world at the end of the day. But I think -- it's more -- we don't -- our exposure in terms of -- our exposure is larger in North America, so it's largely a North American comment. I don't -- I think that Europe, any kind of let's call it destocking would have happened during this past year because they were on the front end of the curve.
Nigel Coe: Right. Okay. That's helpful. And then just you mentioned free cash flow more loaded to the first half of the year, which is obviously very unusual. You mentioned that the bulk of your excess inventories were material. So that doesn't seem to have an impact on your fixed cost absorption. But I'm wondering as you go through the inventory management, are you expecting there to be some margin penalty as you build inventories?
Richard Tobin: No. Actually, I think that in our models, it's a margin credit as we liquidate it because if you look at forwards based on when we bought that inventory sequentially grew 2022. It's actually -- and you can see it in our margins in some of the sectors, that's part and parcel to this price cost. Look, at the end of the day, yes. If I go back and look over the last couple of years, we made a significant investment in inventory and that allowed us to deliver revenue growth that was above expectation. So now lead times and availability and capacity is repaired itself. So we get almost a triple effect of -- we liquidate kind of the excess raw materials that we've been carrying to meet demand because we slowed down production in Q4, our payables balance dropped significantly. So from a net working capital point of view, we got the negative of shipping heavily in Q4. So there's a big receivable balance that gets liquidated build probably in the latter half of Q1, but more in Q2, our payables expand and then we collect on that receivables balance. So all three come in, in the first half.
Nigel Coe: Makes sense. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And our last question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning and thanks for squeezing me in. Maybe, Rich, you'd mentioned mix once or twice as a factor, and we can obviously see that impact in DPPS as well documented. I just wanted to circle back to the DII segment. There was a mixed tailwind, I think, in fourth quarter possible headwind in the year ahead guided and that's weighing on the margins there. Maybe expand a little bit on that. And DEP had an exceptional margin expansion, albeit off an easy base. Is there anything much moving around on mix in DEP?
Richard Tobin: In DEP, no, I think rightly, I would look at DEP sequentially as opposed to comp, right? We all know what happened in Q4 of 2022. So that's why we had been saying all year that not to worry because as price cost rolls forward, you're going to get what you get. But I would look at DEP on a sequential basis as a precursor of what you can expect into 2023. And the other question you had was on marking and coding, right?
Julian Mitchell: Yes.
Richard Tobin: That is just a function of the amount of consumables we shipped in any given period, meaning the more that you ship in printers, that is negative to margins. The more that you ship in consumables, it's positive. It's going to bounce around. I think that our comment that we made on that particular business is that the margins are quite robust, and it's all about what kind of revenue growth we can get from here. We're not calling it down for 2023.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just a follow-up on kind of firm-wide Dover operating margin. So I think the operating margin overall was flattish in 2022. It's guided maybe to grow a little bit in 2023. I just wondered with that backdrop, is there the appetite maybe to accelerate restructuring spend. I saw in your guide, you've got kind of $0.10, I think, for 2023 after $0.20 last year. But I wondered just sort of thinking ahead, is there maybe the appetite to drive -- make sure that 2024, let's say, has stronger margin expansion and that might require more restructuring this year.
Richard Tobin: Well, Julian, I mean, I think to the extent that we have flat margins despite the fact that our biopharma business, which is clearly our most profitable portion of the portfolio being down, one could argue that once we get to the strong -- we get through this destocking period, which we expect to be an H1 2023 event is that inflect back to the positive that the incremental margins that we're going to see there. And all things being equal, we hold and continuing to improve the balance of the portfolio that, that by itself is margin accretion. But I think I would call your attention to what we've done in Climate & Sustainability. We think that that's got room to run. We think that we've gotten DPPS we've just talked about. I think we've got some growth there. and we've got the return of biopharma in the second half of the year, which by I'll repeat myself, I don't think we've been overly ambitious with that. We think we're going to keep that in our back pocket and see how the market develops. And the roll forward on the Engineered Products, if we look at what our exit rate is and we roll that forward, I think that's quite healthy from a margin point of view. So back to the restructuring. Look, we're always scouring our fixed costs around here. Our management is incentivized to deliver fixed cost reduction and incremental margins. So I would expect we'll continue to do so, but I don't see any need to accelerate it to protect our performance going forward.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Dickens, Senior Director of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens. Please, go ahead, sir.
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Gretchen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of this call will be available on our website through November 10, and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for three months. Dover provides non-GAAP information, and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: All right. Thanks, Jack. Good morning, everyone. Let's start with the performance highlights on slide three. Dover delivered revenue growth and margin improvement in the third quarter, driven by rigorous execution and improving price/cost dynamics that were offset -- that more than offset the impact of supply chain challenges, inflationary cost pressures and foreign currency translation. Demand remains constructive across most of the portfolio with four out of five segments posting organic growth in the quarter. Backlog at $3.2 billion was up 12% year-over-year and remains approximately double the historical levels relative to revenue, driven by continued strong demand across many end markets. The supply chain challenges that we've endured over the past 18 months continued to improve, which has allowed us to reduce our backlog this quarter through increased production performance. It is our expectation that this trend will continue for the balance of the year as supply chains and lead times normalize. Despite the building macroeconomic uncertainty, we are deploying capital to drive productivity and expand capacity in several businesses that are expected to deliver robust growth on secular tailwinds. We closed on the Malema Engineering acquisition in July, which adds a great technology to our biopharma portfolio, and we are continuing to pursue attractive bolt-on acquisitions. During the quarter, we also announced an accelerated share repurchase program to return $500 million of excess capital to shareholders, while preserving sufficient liquidity for value-creating investments. While current demand conditions are solid, our management posture reflects growing caution with the macroeconomic outlook. As such, for the balance of the year, we'll be proactively reducing output in several businesses to draw down inventory balances and initiating cost-containment measures where appropriate. Our business model is flexible, as our 2020 performance has proven. We firmly believe that ongoing improvements in the supply chain and available production capacity will allow us to match production to meet demand within prevailing lead times in Q1 of 2023. We are adjusting our full year guidance to reflect the negative translation impact of foreign exchange on our revenue and earnings. The estimated full year impact of foreign exchange to EPS is approximately $0.37 per share with notable acceleration during the third quarter as the dollar rallied against most of our trading currencies. Let's skip slide 4 and move on to slide 5. All-in-all, the quarter developed as we expected. The capital goods portions of the portfolio delivered strong top line and margin expansion on the back of strong order books, lower input costs cycling through inventory, as well as pricing actions taking hold. Engineered Products revenue was up 18% organically in the quarter on broad-based strength across the portfolio in major geographies as well as pricing actions. Margins were up 250 basis points year-over-year as our capital investments and productivity begin to show results and our investments in e-commerce platforms drive aftermarket volume. We expect margins to continue their upward trajectory through the balance of the year on solid volumes and improving price/cost dynamics. Clean Energy & Fueling was roughly flat on an organic basis. Revenue performance was up in clean energy components, vehicle wash, fuel transport and below-ground retail fueling, but was offset by lower shipments and order trends in above ground retail fueling, driven by customer construction delays in North America, as well as overall caution among operators in Europe and Asia as a result of the weakening macro environment. Margins in the quarter were flat year-over-year as our clean energy margin mix and decisive cost actions were able to offset the reduced volumes and fixed cost absorption in the above ground dispenser business. During this quarter, we began to take fixed cost reduction actions in our dispenser business that were in part enabled by the global product platform harmonization and complexity reduction work that we've completed in the past 12 months, which enabled us to reduce our European dispenser SKUs offering by over 50%. These actions will continue through the first half of 2023 and will result in meaningfully improved operating margins going forward. In Imaging & Identification, volumes for our marking and coding printers and spare parts recovered well on improving electronics input availability as well as the roll-off of COVID lockdowns in China from the prior quarter. Pricing actions and consumables and service demand were positive contributors in the quarter. FX is a negative headwind to absolute revenue and profits in this segment given its large base of non-US dollar revenue. Q3 margins in Imaging & ID were very strong, improving 230 basis points, driven by pricing actions, product mix richness and improved operational efficiency. Pumps & Process Solutions posted 2% organic growth. We saw solid performance in industrial pumps, medical and thermal connectors, polymer processing and recycling and precision components. As expected, the biopharma components business, which delivered peak revenue in Q3 last year on COVID vaccine demand, declined year-over-year in the quarter as the biopharma industry continues to pivot from COVID vaccines to a growing suite of biologic therapies. Our non-biomedical and thermal connector business has grown 30% year-to-date, driven largely by demand in data center and electrical vehicle charger cooling applications. On the back of this demand and forecasted demand, we are finalizing the commissioning of a new assembly plant in the Minneapolis area in Q4. Operating margin in the quarter remained robust at approximately 30% despite a larger proportion of revenues from industrial products and from improved volumes, pricing and efficiency programs across the segment. Top line in Climate & Sustainable Technologies continued to be strong, posting 19% organic growth on solid volume and pricing actions across all businesses and geographies. All three businesses have significant backlogs into 2023. Our capacity expansion programs and CO2 systems and heat exchangers remain on schedule as we continue to invest behind areas of secular growth beyond 2022. Margins were up 500 basis points in the quarter on price and strong volumes, materially improved productivity in food retail as a result of capital deployment projects and product complexity reduction and improved portfolio mix in can-making equipment and spares and heat exchangers. I'll pass it to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide 6. The top bridge shows our organic revenue growth of 9%, driven by increases in four of our five segments. FX was substantial at 5% or a $97 million headwind to our revenue growth as well as our profitability, resulting in $0.11 of negative EPS impact in the quarter. Changes in foreign currency translation from our last guide in July until today are estimated to have an incremental impact of approximately $0.10 to our full year EPS. M&A contributed $55 million to the top line in the quarter, a product of $89 million from acquisitions, partially offset by $34 million from a divestiture late last year. We saw solid organic growth across our major geographies. The US, our largest market, was up 11% organically in the quarter. Europe was up 9%, and all of Asia was up 13%. China, which represents approximately half of our business in Asia, posted 8% organic growth this quarter, up from a 4% decline last quarter as our businesses recovered from COVID-driven lockdowns that impacted our ability to produce and sell in the country. On the bottom of the chart, bookings were down year-over-year due to foreign currency translation and improved lead times across several businesses. Our cash flow statement is on Slide 7. Free cash flow through the first three quarters of the year sits at approximately $300 million, down year-over-year on capital expenditures investment, timing of tax payments and performance payments, but mostly on planned investments in working capital. We have been carrying elevated raw materials and components inventory levels throughout the year, reflective of our high backlog levels and input shortages as well as higher receivable balances on growing sales. We are actively working to bring down our inventory through the balance of the year and expect to further liquidate our working capital position with the degree of cash generation also dependent on the timing of collection of receivables. We expect free cash flow generation to significantly improve in the fourth quarter, which is historically our highest cash flow quarter of the year. However, the exact timing of working capital liquidation may take into early 2023. With that, I'm going to turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Okay. Thanks, Brad. Let's move to Slide 8. Let's discuss the battleground items for the balance of 2022 with a brand-new slide, demand trends and backlog. More than a year ago, we were clear that we expected comparable booking metrics to moderate when supply chains start normalizing, and that's the story of the quarter. Bookings were down on a year-to-year basis against a very high comparable quarter, and backlog declined this quarter as a result of improved production performance, which drove the top line. I call your attention to the middle column of the slide. Our backlog remains at historically high levels, about double where it was relative to sales prior to the pandemic. This is driven to a lesser extent now by extended lead times and customer placing post-pandemic orders much further in advance than normal as a result of supply chain and industrial capacity constraints, but more importantly, by strength of fundamental demand of our products and solutions in multiple markets that are indicated with green arrows on the slide. We've talked about secular growth drivers in some of these markets previously, and we continue to see robust near-term trends driving investment in these businesses. Despite strong demand, shipments were held back in the quarter in several businesses, most notably in Engineered Products, due to hydraulic component shortages and chassis availability and in Climate & Sustainability due to subcomponents availability and capacity constraints. We are currently expanding capacity in both CO2 systems in the United States and heat exchangers in four different geographies to meet projected demand. The portions highlighted in orange, we expected to some degree, but above ground fueling weakened in the third quarter as our customers have not been able to overcome short-term construction delays, pushing new builds into 2023. And the biopharma transition from the COVID vaccine production has taken longer than we would expect. We expect both to normalize as we move into 2023 based on inventory drawdowns and reconfirmed CapEx plans. All-in-all, our backlog remains elevated, and we will continue to support the top line. Additionally, our backlogs give us confidence and visibility to plan our production efficiently, and as I mentioned earlier, will allow us to manage our working capital by flexing production performance to quarterly demand. Today, about 70% of our Q4 revenue is already booked, and we have a solid foundation of book business carrying to 2023 that you can see on the slide by segment, highlighting the healthy mix of short and long-cycle elements of the portfolio. Let's go to the bridge on slide 9. Here shows sources of value creation that lead to our forecast double-digit EPS growth this year. We expect to significantly offset much of the $0.37 of FX headwind this year through strong execution and cost controls. We are conducting short-term cost containment measures where appropriate, but more importantly, we are beginning some fundamental cost actions in our Clean Energy & Fueling segment. The 2023 full year EPS accretion from these actions is expected to -- expected at approximately $0.23 per share. We have additional cost actions underway, which we'll update on the Q4 call. Between our current in-flight restructuring activities and the share repurchases completed this year, we expect a solid foundation of EPS carryover benefit into 2023. As we prepare for various macroeconomic scenarios next year, we are confident in our portfolio's ability to outgrow and out-execute in our respective markets. The niche markets that we participate in are attractive and structurally sound from a competitive point of view. Our investments in back-office consolidation, e-commerce platforms and product line complexity reductions are providing us a multiyear runway to further reduce our fixed cost structure and variable costs while enriching the customer experience. Through organic and inorganic growth, we have rescaled Dover since the spin in 2018, which provides us increased optionality for the portfolio decisions as we continue our value creation journey. In closing, I'd like to recognize that we've been pushing our group hard this year, and I want to thank my colleagues around the globe for their continued dedication and strong performance in a demanding operating environment. And with that, Jack, we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Steve Tusa, JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: So you took down the total revenue by 1%. I don't know, that's like maybe $0.10 or something like that of headwind, depending on how you convert it. You have some buyback benefit here that's pretty close to that. So what's the other part of the reduction in earnings? Is there anything else that's moving around, or maybe I'm underestimating the impact of revenue. Maybe, you're going to the low end of the range?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think we're taking a guess at FX for the balance of the year, and we've been wrong all year. So there's some caution related to that. Look, at the end of the day, we're going to build what we have in our backlog. I think that we are making an adjustment to our posture somewhat in terms of production performance. Look, we've been -- you can see in our working capital balances that we've been running excess inventory all year, because we've been kind of chasing this demand curve. We've been -- we've seen notable differences and improvements on the supply chain across most of the portfolio with some few exceptions during the quarter, which allows us to change our posture of, you know what, let's turn down the production performance machine in Q4 somewhat. Let's liquidate working capital because, you know what, I'm confident that we can restart it in Q1 and push that production performance into next year. So we get the benefit of the reduced working capital this year, and we get the benefit of the production performance in 2023. I think it's the prudent thing to do. I'm not going to make any comments on what we think about 2023 demand yet. We'll wait for next quarter to do that. But clearly, we have some caution in terms of what's going to develop in the marketplace. I fundamentally disagree with what the Fed is doing now. They say that they're data-driven. But if you look at our results themselves, logistics costs, raw material costs have all come down. So the inflation that we had seen over the past 18 months is coming down. But if they are going to continue -- and they believe that they're data-driven. Well, I don't think that we've seen now the impact. We see it in housing now, the impact of increase in rates. So if they're looking for demand destruction, then we have absolutely no other posture than to accommodate that by lowering our inventory balances and moving that production into next year. So I think it's a good news, bad news story. I think we get the working capital and the cash flow this year, which under the trajectory we're on right now, we would have been pushing that working capital liquidation almost exclusively into 2023. We can pull some of that into 2022.
Steve Tusa: Right. So basically, it's kind of like a bit of an under-absorption in the fourth quarter as you kind of turn that production down?
Richard Tobin: That's correct.
Steve Tusa: Said differently? Okay. And then one last one...
Richard Tobin: Say any way you want, but that's right.
Steve Tusa: What will price/cost end up this year? And if you kind of snap the line on all that, what does it end up looking like so far next year? I'm sure there's some -- pricing was a little bit better than expected this quarter. Maybe there's some carryover of price in the next year as well.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. Price/cost, you can see it. We had been saying all year that in the capital goods portion of the portfolio, because of the inventory balances roll forward and because of the exposure on raw materials, that we expect the back half -- and take a look at the performance on both Engineered Products and the refrigeration unit, I mean, those are largely as a result of the dynamics that we discussed on previous calls. We don't see any pushback right now in terms of pricing, but I think that that's going to be reflective of demand we go through. And more importantly, that pricing wasn't there in the first half of this year. So if everything holds firm, we get a pretty good credit from a comp perspective going into the first half of 2023.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And that's positive price/cost next year you would expect?
Richard Tobin: I expect to have positive price/cost in the first half of next year, assuming that demand is reasonable.
Steve Tusa: Yes, okay. Great, thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz from Citigroup.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Rich, could you talk about the cadence of orders you've been seeing? I know you recently talked about some expected weakness in above-ground fueling. You've talked today about biopharma continuing to be a little difficult. But did you see any more signs of slowing in orders toward the end of the quarter here in October? And what are your customers telling you about how they might spend on CapEx going into 2023?
Richard Tobin: No. The only place that we've seen it are the areas that we called out specifically in the slide. Other than that, we were not seeing those robust crazy numbers that we were seeing a year-ago this time. But I mean, I think quarter-to-quarter, across the portfolio, while we're less than one, I mean we're at 0.96, it's not like we've seen a dramatic slowdown. But what we're hearing from our customers is two things. Those customers that we're providing products into CapEx are -- by and large, every CapEx project this year that our customers have undertaken have taken too long and have cost too much because of labor availability and total inflation. And so what you see now is as everybody gets more cautious about demand in 2023 that there's almost this view of, you know what, we're going to push some of this demand into 2023. We're going to finish what we got inflight, and then we're going to see where we are. That's the signal we're getting, particularly in the above-ground fueling side. On the biopharma side, I'd just call your attention to every -- all of our customers' results and will tell you that we started reducing product into the channel much earlier. And we provide a consumable product. So I wouldn't take a look at some of the systems manufacturers and say, 'Well, that's a direct proxy.' I think that we are a little bit ahead of the curve in terms of that demand. And as long as those units run, eventually, over time, they're going to consume our products. So we think that this is a margin tailwind moving into 2023. But overall, Andy, at the end of the day, you can't -- as I said to Steve a moment ago, I disagree of what the Fed is doing at this point. There's enough in the system right now that they're going to get what they want. But if they overcorrect, they're going to get demand destruction. So -- and all of our customers are now on pins and needles about that right now. So we can only do one thing, and that is to prepare for a scenario as such. And because we have a flexible operating model, I think that we just get on the front foot and do in Q4 and if we have to catch up in Q1, so be it.
Andy Kaplowitz: Rich, that's helpful. And then maybe just focusing on DCST for a second. You mentioned you had good visibility in all three of your businesses. Obviously, there's been some concerns around Belvac. Maybe you can talk about that. And what are you seeing in sort of core retail refrigeration? And you mentioned sort of the expansion in heat exchangers. All that seems to be reflecting in -- improving margin there, too. So how do you think about margin going forward in that business?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think that we finally got to where we said we were going to get to. It only took five years, but I think that that's -- I guess we can hang our hat on it...
Andy Kaplowitz: Better late than never.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think we would have made it if not for the whole COVID disaster. But nonetheless, look, Belvac -- when you look at that backlog chart, a big chunk of that is Belvac, right? So it's sold well through 2023. At some point, that business is going to have to pivot to more replacement parts, but we look at it as the installed base has increased exponentially. And the margin profile of spares versus built-out units is actually accretive to margins. Goal for refrigeration, demand is still there. We'll have a little bit of a slowdown in deliveries in Q4 just because we went into the Christmas season when everybody stops doing construction projects. But our backlog there remains robust. CO2, we think we've got secular demand behind it. That's why we're expanding capacity. And the heat exchangers, look, I mean, we're expanding capacity in every geographical region. I think we talked about it before. We've been the beneficiary of a significant amount of step-up in volume for a product that goes into heat pumps. And if you look at the major manufacturers, they're all announcing capacity expansions worldwide just because of the technology change. So we feel good about it.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate it, Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Hey, Rich, first, just this comment about portfolio optionality that you closed with, obviously, somewhat of a provocative statement. I know you said it at least one time earlier at a conference. I don't suppose you're going to name names on businesses or anything, but you did throw that out there. So maybe just elaborate on what you want us to think as you lay that on the table and where things might be headed?
Richard Tobin: Yeah. It's been a couple of years since we got the portfolio questions. I was missing them, Jeff. So I decided to put recommendation to restart it. Look, I mean, I think that when we used to get questions about the portfolio, part of the answer that we gave was that you can't descale to the amount that we did back in 2018 and then begin talking about portfolio because you run into a scale problem after a while. So if you remember, we spun off Apergy and we had to take some significant cost restructuring to accommodate the fact firm-wide that absorption was going to be an issue. And when we got asked questions again about bigger portfolio moves, part of the answer was, hey, look, there's a lot of value that we can create out of the existing portfolio, which we have, but also to the extent that we can rescale the portfolio, then that opens up an avenue where we don't have to worry so much about that. So that's where we are. If you take a look at where we were in terms of total revenue, pre-Apergy spin and where we're going to close now, where we've rebuilt that scale and that makes a variety of scenarios more possible on top of the fact that the portfolio in totality is worth a lot more than it was back in 2018.
Jeff Sprague: All right. Interesting. So the -- maybe just thinking about bracing for something tougher, as you said, maybe the Fed is going to take us off the cliff here. So the preparatory cost actions concentrated right now in Clean Energy & Fueling. Maybe just a little bit of color on how you would further prepare if you think things are going south, other areas of potential restructuring and what leverage you could potentially pull.
Richard Tobin: Sure. The Clean Energy & Fueling one is a bit unique. I mean, we did -- we were a little bit surprised in Q3 when the demand went down, because all the signals that we were getting from our customers were -- that there was plenty of projects through the balance of the year. So it basically forced us taking actions that we were planning on doing in January and pulling them into Q3. I mean, we've been preparing for a scenario around the retail fueling business to adapt its position kind of in a post-EMV world, for years now, right? I mean, we spent a significant amount of money in revitalizing the portfolio. At the same time, we spent a significant amount of management time reducing the SKUs, which allows us in the future to make some broader decisions on footprint and a variety of other things. So to a certain extent, part of what we did was in reaction to the demand environment, but it was coming nonetheless. I just think that we had to pull it forward by about three or four months. On the balance of the portfolio, I could only go back to March 2020. I don't see that scenario. But I think that we've proven that if we have significant demand destruction that there are a variety of levers that we can pull, which I don't want to pull. But I think that we -- if you take a look at our performance in 2020 in terms of margin preservation, I think that we did quite well.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Maybe just one quick one. The 70% of Q4 in backlog, how does that stack up relative to normal?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, look, if our backlog is double than historic, then it's 50% more. But I mean -- but it's all over the map, depending on whether it's short cycle or long cycle. If you look at that chart, right, printing and ID has got higher backlog, but it's actually quite low relative to its revenue, because that's a consumable business. We don't generally carry any backlog there. So you're going to see a bifurcation between capital goods with longer lead times and bigger build schedules between shorter lead times. They're all up in aggregate, but there's different dynamics between the five of them.
Jeff Sprague: Right. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it.
Richard Tobin: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin from Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Hi guys, good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Hey, just a question on backlog. We've been going to a bunch of industry shows, and it seems that some industry participants are adjusting just how they think about backlog structurally. There's a view that going forward, we will probably live with just permanently bigger backlogs, just because there's less visibility, longer lead times. At the same time, it seems that the industry also realized that maybe we've heard from some industry participants sort of protecting themselves in terms of pricing, right? So maybe there are now cancellation penalties. Can you just talk as much as you can about, A, how do you think about just this order and backlog process evolving into 2023? And given the fact that you do now have to probably live with longer backlog, even if you are reducing it, if you've sort of changed the structure of the backlog terms, conditions, pricing, anything like that, big picture? Thanks.
Richard Tobin: Well, that's quite the tour de force. Look, there's nothing wrong with having backlog. Given the choice between having it and not having it, I'd rather have it at the end of the day. There are complexities with the issue of backlog, because you're managing pricing of the backlog. And if you recall, we suffered at the beginning of this year where we had a large backlog coming out of 2021 and then ran into cost inflation. And then we had this grand debate whether you could reprice your backlog, which is really a competitive stack issue whether you thought you could get away with it or not and everybody kind of did their thing. I think that backlogs because of kind of the supply chain risk of shortening the supply chain, which I think we've been the beneficiary of, I think that's going to have a little bit of an impact there. So -- but again, I think it's very difficult to compare company to company unless they're pure players because certain businesses are always going to have elevated backlogs in the portfolio. I mentioned Belvac, but Maag would be the same way within our portfolio, where the build time of these products is 90, 120 days. So you've got to get basically the orders -- before you even buy the subcomponents in the raw materials, you need to have the order in place as opposed to marketing Maags, where we don't get all worked up about backlog because it's just consumer volume and being able to price it correctly and make the deliveries on time. So there's a lot to unpack there, Andrew. I mean, I think because of the breadth of our portfolio, we touch it all, all the scenarios. I think that the actions that we're taking now is a little bit of caution of -- you can't look at backlog trends and then project that into 2023, right? I think that we're basically saying supply chain is caught up now. The backlog that we have that we need to deliver in the back half of Q1, we can make it in Q1 so let's not make it in Q4. That's really the pivot that we're making right now.
Andrew Obin: Thanks. And just -- I'm sure you're going to love my next question. It's on M&A and with interest rates where they are, high-yield markets are in flux. How have you changed your approach to M&A in terms of cost of capital? And what are you seeing from PE players? Are they restricted? Anybody's willing even to do anything in this market? Just high-level discussion of what the end market -- the M&A market looks like. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Well, as you would know better than most, price discovery right now is difficult, right? Because what revenue and what demand is going to be in 2023 is anybody's option. And then you've got this whole issue of, boy, I could have sold this thing 18 months ago and got this crazy multiple, and now I can't have it anymore. So you're basically -- you just look at all the big banks. I mean no one's really doing much. Fundamentally, we haven't changed our outlook at all. Sure, we'll make some adjustments to our WACC rates and everything else and the discount rate to reflect current interest rates, but we're not buying things with debt at the end of the day. I mean, I think that that's just muddling. So we're still -- we've got some opportunities in the pipeline that hopefully we can close on in the medium term. So we're still on the front foot, but the price discovery is difficult. Let me just put it that way.
Andrew Obin: Thanks so much.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Joe Ritchie from Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Hi, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey. Rich, maybe just a higher-level question to start. You guys talked about the capacity expansion. Obviously, the backlog is in good levels today. I'm just curious how you're thinking about that in the context of a potential slowdown in 2023, and ultimately, how you potentially manage to maybe having excess capacity if the demand environment does slow?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Well, look, I mean, where we're expanding capacity is where we believe that we've got secular demand, okay? So, when we're -- what we're doing up in Minneapolis -- I mean, I think I referenced it. If you go back and look at the transcript about the growth rate that we've seen there, I think the same thing with the heat exchangers. So, I've got high confidence about where we're fundamentally expanded capacity of what we're doing it for. But having said that, at the same time, we've begun again after taking a time out due to COVID and this big demand ramp that we've seen over the last 18 months, where we can start actioning footprint again. So, arguably, and I haven't -- I can't tell you on a square foot basis, but I'll bet that we're taking out as much fixed cost footprint in 2023 as we're adding.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Okay. That's super helpful. And I guess my follow-on question would be on the pumps and process business. you've been calling out this transition in biopharma pumps now for the last couple of quarters and the fact that you basically just lower up against your toughest comp a year ago. I'm just curious, if we -- do you think we've hit a trough in margins in that business? And maybe you can just talk a little bit more about how much longer you'll continue to see that transition across that piece of your portfolio?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Some of the growth that we missed on margins, we were 29.7% versus 30%. God help me. But anyway, look, we think that the segment itself is a 30% full year margin business. You'll get some volatility quarter-by-quarter. We've seen it, right, because of the fact -- but I think that we were trying to say, if you go back and look at what we were saying Q2, Q3 a year ago of -- let's not get all excited. I think that we posted 35%, 36% margins during that time period that we kept saying that 30% was kind of the new normal for the segment itself. I got to tell you, I'm actually very pleased with the margin performance in Q3 because what you can't see is the mix impact of how much biopharma is down, which is down a lot, right, because we've just got capacity meaningfully to let this inventory liquidate. But the margin performance we're getting out of what were sub-20% industrial businesses that make up the balance of the portfolio, we've actually lifted those businesses up. So, if this has happened to us three years ago, the margin compression that we would have seen would have been meaningful. But the fact of the matter is, is that the operators on the industrial side have improved their margin profile significantly, which has allowed us -- we're going to do 30% for the year. So, overall -- we look at this at this point, what we'll take -- if we take another quarter of pain on the biopharma side, so be it. I look at that as a potential margin enhancement now for 2023 as opposed to a headwind.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. That’s helpful. Thanks Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis from Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning guys.
Richard Tobin: Hi Scott.
Scott Davis: Most of my questions have been answered. But on the FX side, Rich, is it still mostly just a translation issue? And -- or is it -- or have we gotten so extreme now that there's actually some global trade that's being adjusted?
Richard Tobin: Look, the vast majority is translation. I'll let Brad step in because if you can imagine with having 18 operating companies, finding out transaction on FX, I don't believe it's meaningful. But he's done…
Brad Cerepak: No. That's correct. It's mostly translation. And as you know, as we talked about in the script, we said the strength of the dollar was so fast in Q3 here that it really changed the dynamics of what we saw and the impacts on top line and on our EPS. And again, it's about $0.10 forecast to forecast, happens to be about $0.10 at the midpoint of our guide, too. So you could look at it that way. There's lots of ways to look at our guide change. But I would tell you, FX and where we're at now and the strength of the dollar, it's significant. And it's been significant all year, but even more so now. I don't think we're unique, though, Scott. I don't think we're unique in that regard.
Scott Davis: Likely not. So just to back up a little bit, Rich on the M&A side, you made some comments, but it's -- how wide is the lens, I guess, is a question I want to ask. Is that -- are you -- I mean there's assets available, we're told at least, by folks. And there's not a counterbid by some of the traditional folks out there. People are hunkering down a bit. But is the lens wide enough where you take a stab at maybe something that is a little bit a field of your existing portfolio?
Richard Tobin: No. And I guess the question is how long is a piece of string? I mean, I think -- I'll answer your question in two ways. I think it's got to be a business that we believe that we've got a fundamental right to run. We're a manufacturer at the end of the day. So if it's a manufacturing business and the processes on the factory floor are similar to what we do, meaning that we've got a management team that knows how to extract value out of it, it doesn't necessarily have to be in an end market that we participate today. But we are not making any left or right turns into whatever the new area for industrials to go in and chasing thematics. I mean, we're much more blockers than tacklers. We know what we're good at. And we know that we've built a back-office engine now that allows us to extract meaningful synergy costs out of like-minded businesses over time and that's our knitting. But back to the issue about the scale, we've got the ability now to take on something materially larger than we would have undertaken back in 2018 or 2019.
Scott Davis: That’s helpful. Thank you. Good luck guys. Appreciate it.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe O'Dea from Wells Fargo.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning. I wanted to revisit base cost and then the cost side of things. And could you talk about the raws piece versus the components piece and timing of when we start to see some of that come in? I would assume that raws just kind of flows through, but I'm not sure what you're seeing from your suppliers and how much pressure you're putting on them to get cost down in a lower raws environment.
Brad Cerepak: The raws -- as we talk about raws because we're a purchaser of raw material, you're seeing the benefit now. There was an issue of getting hung up in inventory back in Q2. Now you see the roll-forward in Q3, plus the fact that we priced for it, and we're positive price/cost now on the raw side. On the subcomponents, it's a bit over the map. We don't see on the subcomponents the pricing come down yet because currently, demand exceeds supply. If that was to change, then we would be a lot harder on some of our kind of component suppliers to reflect that in their pricing. So right now, everybody is in a standoff between, well, you want the product, so you're going to pay for the product. We'll see. And we're part of that chain also. So right now, we're getting the benefit of reduced raw material cycling through inventory and the pricing. We're not seeing it on our purchasing of subcomponents yet, but that will be dependent on volume, I guess, as we go forward.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. And then on Clean Energy & Fueling and the cost out, just the magnitude of the margin benefit to make sure -- sort of think about the cadence and impact properly. I mean it looks like this is something like a 250 basis point margin lift, something we could be seeing as early as Q4. Maybe just talk about cadence and magnitude on that. And then to the degree you're willing to kind of touch on some of the additional cost out, how the magnitude of that compares to what you're currently sharing?
Richard Tobin: You won't see it in Q4 other than the fact that it's buffering the negative fixed cost absorption by taking the production down. So what you'll see -- you can't see it, but what you see in the segment margin, and you see it in Q3, that if we're out taking some of that cost action, then you would have seen a margin compression in the segment. We expect that to remain for Q4, subject to what we do across the portfolio in terms of production performance. And so you have the rollover benefit in the bridge there. And Joe, we're going to do at a Investor Day because we haven't set longer-term margin targets. And I think let's wait until we get to guidance for 2023 and we do that Investor Day, and I think we'll clarify what the upside is because it's a fundamental change to the business model. It's not just cost takeout.
Joe O'Dea: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Deane Dray from RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Good morning. Hi.
Deane Dray: Hey, a couple of clarification questions. I want to go back to Andy's questions. And you've got a decline in bookings. It's modest. But Rich, is there any impact as you improve lead times? We're hearing the customers then don't have to order in advance as much. So -- and also fewer units in their orders. Are you seeing that dynamic playing out?
Richard Tobin: Not the fewer units because the lot sizes -- on the components business, a lot sizes are what they are and then the buildup units, we get orders of one. No -- but look, Deane, I mean, at the end of the day, it's natural. Why? With the uncertainty that's out there, this hope that pricing is going to come down and everybody recognizing the supply chain is better, no one's going to order transactional products six months in advance, which I think that when our backlog was going up, we were warning everybody. But despite the fact that everybody wants to write book-to-bills down by 0.5%. And it's healthy in a way. So what our customers are saying is, 'We're going to go back to the more traditional order patterns or not.' We have a lot of discussions with our customers about capacity utilization, and it goes back to a discussion as opposed to, you don't give me your orders, you're not getting the product. And that's where we were for the last 18 months.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just on your European outlook, you're not seeing it in the numbers yet, but are there any contingencies you have in place and maybe even for fuel availability? Just how have you thought that through for the next couple of quarters?
Richard Tobin: We are a small manufacturer from a footprint point of view in Europe. So we have exposure to fuel as an input cost, but it's -- I mean, we're not a chemical manufacturer. It's just not the same. But we are cautious about the demand for Europe and have been cautious about the demand in Europe all through the quarter. And so, part of this whole discussion about taking down production performance and liquidating working capital, that's -- part of that is a European phenomenon.
Deane Dray: That's helpful. And just last one. Could you just clarify on the pump side and biopharma? How is your mix related to non-COVID? You've had a COVID boost. But if there's less COVID production, vaccine production, et cetera, how is your non-COVID exposure?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I'm not going to break it. I think you can send that as a follow-up, and the guys can work with you in clarification. I don't want to go through because, actually, I don't have it at the top of my head. So let me -- let the guys work that up for you, and they'll take you through it.
Deane Dray: Sure. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Hi. 
Nigel Coe: Hello. Thanks for the details, as always. So, Rich, as we -- you kind of -- obviously, you're talking about some cost reduction selectively across the -- in fueling. You're talking about the Fed. And I think we've tempered that your view about demand disruption. But are you taking any other measures, maybe dab on the brakes on hiring? It sounds like CapEx, you're investing in selective. But what about CapEx? Are you thinking about CapEx down in 2023? I mean, any other measures to prepare for a more uncertain macro?
Richard Tobin: Sure. I think the CapEx is going to be down in 2023, and it would have been under any demand scenario. I think that what we've got in the pipe -- what we've done and what we've got in the pipe -- we haven't done the full budget for next year, but I think that, off the top of my head, it was going to be down regardless. So, I think, it's going to be mostly maintenance capital and in-flight that we've already announced, frankly. I'm not aware of anything hanging out there. Yes, on the hiring, yes, let selectively by region and then selectively by business. I think that, we've been doing that progressively during the quarter, for sure.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then, on the inventory, there was a slight build Q-o-Q. I'm not sure if that was mainly inflation impact. But how much inventory do you think you can get out of the system by year-end? I understand you've talked about 1Q 2023 would be -- how much do you think we can get out by year-end? And maybe just -- Brad, if you can just address the production talent that you're expecting for 4Q?
Richard Tobin: Okay. I'll take it. I think that, as Brad mentioned in the script, we expect inventory -- we don't have a lot of -- first off, we don't have a ton of finished goods inventory. What we have is WIP and raw materials, right? And that's going to come down. The issue is going to be, depending on the cadence of the revenue, how much is going to get hung up in receivables. So, we've taken production performance down to push hard on inventory because we think that we -- I already discussed why. So, I don't know if Brad is going to monetize it for you. I don't think it's going to be meaningful. But I think you got to be careful about between the size of the inventory drawdown versus the benefit into working capital because of the receivables.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, I think -- and that's exactly what we said was it's the timing element to it. What I would say is it's taken a long time to build the inventory. It's going to take some time to take it out, but we're proactive on it. I think fourth quarter is going to look a lot like we've done historically. It is our highest quarter. If you look back in time, you'll find six out of the last seven years with high teens, in some cases, over 20%, free cash flow to revs in the fourth quarter. Our goal is the combination of taking out inventory and liquidating some of the receivables to mirror that. We'll see how well we do. Like I said in the prepared comments, it could take into the could take into the could take into the first part of 2023.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: And our last question comes from Julian Mitchell from Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Maybe I just wanted to try and circle back on the sort of inventory and cash flow dynamics. So, I just wondered if -- when you look at your customers' inventory levels and maybe the excesses there, do they sort of map and match where you think your excess inventories are as well? And maybe just call out some of the areas when you're looking at the customer or distributor that you sell into, where you think there might be the most sort of pernicious excess inventory. And also when you're thinking about toggling sort of underproduction and the impact on versus your free cash flow, should we assume that next year perhaps we have sub-par cash flow conversion as well just as you try and sort of protect the earnings while bringing down inventory and receivables?
Richard Tobin: Well, okay, where to start on that? If we take production down, it's to liquidate inventory, right? So, if we go into next year, hopefully, the inventory comes back because that means that demand is robust. So, -- but we're not going to talk about 2023 demand because nobody knows. Our inventory that we can see is in distribution, and we are not aware of excess inventory in the supply chain. What we can see is OEM inventory. And that's kind of what we saw from biopharma turned down, that there was a lot of excess inventory on the OEM side. But we don't make product -- we don't make finished goods product to be called off. So, our finished goods inventory that we have is for an order. The only thing that we have is raw materials. So, I'm not sitting here being overly concerned that we've got excess raw materials that are not going to get consumed over time. It will get consumed depending on the velocity of the demand.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Thanks. And my follow-up just around the restructuring and the cost-out. So I think your restructuring expense guide for the year is unchanged at $0.17 now. I think it was $0.16 before, and that's probably just the share count guide coming down. But it seems like you're talking up the cost savings from restructuring next year. So I'm just wondering how you're generating those savings if you're not booking the P&L restructuring or not stepping up the booked P&L restructuring expenses.
Richard Tobin: No. Julian, I'm not talking about the restructuring expenses. What I'm saying is -- in that chart is benefit. We've given you the EPS benefit of the restructuring within 2022 and the full year benefit of those announced restructurings in 2023. We have got other restructuring projects that we're working on that we will announce in time. The fact of the matter is when we take a restructuring charge, we feel obligated to tell you what the benefit is, and that's on a 12-month benefit going forward next year. It does not include any restructuring that has not been announced.
Julian Mitchell: I understand. So the savings next year, we could see some of that reflected in -- or the measures for that in restructuring expenses in 2023 itself?
Brad Cerepak: Yes, sure.
Richard Tobin: Full year benefit of it, for sure.
Brad Cerepak: But some of that is also in 2o22, as Richard said. So it straddles both.
Richard Tobin: It's not double counted, I guess, is what we're saying.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah, yeah.
Julian Mitchell: That’s clear. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Welcome.
End of Q&A:
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our question-and-answer period and Dover's third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Dover's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Rich Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Dickens, Senior Director of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation in prior consent the recording of this call. If you do not read these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. And I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens. Please go ahead, sir.
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Emma. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of this call will be available on our website through August 11. The replay link of the webcast will be archived for three months. Dover provides non-GAAP information. Reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Jack. Good morning, everybody. Let's start with the performance highlights on Slide three. Our team delivered a strong second quarter performance, which related to record quarterly revenue and sequential year-over-year earnings growth. Consolidated organic revenue growth of 7% in the quarter as our businesses continue to capitalize on strong backlogs and pricing actions continue to take hold. We believe our ability to execute and provide needed capacity in today's challenging environment has led to noteworthy share gains in multiple markets, which is positive for our continued growth. Components shortages and COVID lock downs and China did negatively impact shipping volumes and consequently efficiency and fixed cost absorption and several businesses during the period, despite these difficulties, as well as FX headwinds are absolute segment profit increased year-over-year, and operating margin improved sequentially in the quarter driven by cost controls good volume and meaningfully improving price cost dynamics. Our strong balance sheet provides flexibility for value creating capital allocation initiatives. We're investing in capacity expansions and productivity improvements across many of our operating companies to capitalize on secular revenue growth opportunities, capture market share and drive improvements in operational performance. The recently-announced Malema acquisition will enhance our biopharma business closed on July 1, and we continue our pursuit of attractive bolt on acquisitions. We also repurchased $85 million worth of shares in the second quarter will continue to proactively evaluate capital deployment alternatives through the remainder of the year. Our strong backlog and constructive demand outlook and execution playbook position as well to deliver growth in revenue and earnings amidst an increasingly uncertain macroeconomic backdrop. We are maintaining our 2022 adjusted full year guidance of $8.45 to $8.65 per share. I'll skip slide four which shows the detailed quarterly results. Let's move on to Slide five to discuss segment performance. Engineered products revenue was up 19% organically in the quarter on broad base strength across the portfolio in major geographies as well as pricing actions. Margins were up 130 basis points sequentially, and we expect the trend to continue through the second half as price cost spread continues to roll forward. Clean Energy and Fueling volumes are driven by strength in Clean Energy components vehicle wash, and below-ground fueling components offset by the expected roll off of EMV related demand in North America, which peaked in the comparable quarter last year. Margins in the quarter were down year-over-year on lower volumes and constrained inputs and to a certain extent mix. The sequential margin improvement was significant, however, at 410 basis points versus last quarter driven by improving cost dynamics and product mix. In Imaging & ID volumes and our core marketing and coding business were constrained by electronics and other input shortages as well as COVID lock downs in China is offset growth in our serialization of brand management software businesses. FX is a material negative headwind to absolute revenue profits in the segment, given its large base of international revenue. Q2 margins and Imaging & ID were impacted by lower volumes and production stoppages in Asia, but improved sequentially. The team has done a good job in cost containment and finding alternative suppliers to alleviate supply chain constraints and we are confident about good margin conversion in the second half. Pumps and Process Solutions posted a 7% organic growth -- strong double digit growth in our core non-COVID biopharma business, as well as robust growth in medical and thermal connectors, industrial pumps polymer processing and precision components.  Operating margin in the quarter remains robust at 31% plus despite a mix shift towards industrial components. Top line and alignment and sustainability technologies continue to be strong, posting 11% organic growth on solid volume in heat exchangers and beverage can making as well as pricing across all businesses. Volumes and food retail were constrained by supply chain challenges which negatively impact cost efficiency and will result in shipments pushing out into Q4. Comparable and sequential margins were up in the quarter on better mix and price costs, though partially offset by production, efficiencies, and input shortages. As you can see we're marching towards our mid-teens operating margin target in this segment. I'll pass it on to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide six. The top bridge shows our organic revenue growth of 7% driven by increases in three of our five segments. FX was substantial at 4% or $74 million headwind to our revenue growth and is and also to our profitability, resulting in $0.08 negative EPS in the quarter. We expect FX to remain a headwind for the year compared to our prior expectations. In all changes in foreign currency translations from April until today are estimated to have a full year 2022 impact of an incremental $0.10. M&A contributed $49 million to the top line in the quarter a product of $84 million from acquisitions partially offset by $34 million from unified brands divestiture. We saw organic growth across the U.S. and Europe, Asia was flat organically in the quarter as China was down 4% driven principally by COVID lockdowns, offset by growth in other parts of the region. Our businesses in China have resumed operations and we are currently seeing recovery in production and regionally sourced components. On the bottom of the chart, bookings were down year-over-year primarily due to foreign exchange, and a one-off $74 million debooking in beverage can making due to customer financing limitations. Likewise, our backlog was negatively impacted by the aforementioned debooking, as well as a negative impact from FX. Let's go to the earnings bridges on Slide seven. Before I get into the charts, I want to remind everyone we now exclude the impact of acquisition amortization accounting from our segment earnings, which avoids a deal related noise quarter-to-quarter and better aligns the basis of our segment earnings presentation with our consolidated adjusted EPS. This change had no impact to our GAAP earnings or adjusted EPS. Now to the charts. Segment earnings were up $9 million in the quarter, on improved volumes and price costs, though partially offset by supply chain constraints and foreign exchange headwinds. Segment margins were down 80 basis points. Adjusted net earnings improved by $10 million driven by higher segment earnings and favorable corporate expenses partially offset by higher taxes. The effective tax rate excluding discrete tax benefits was approximately 21.5% for the quarter comparable to the prior year period. Discrete tax benefits were lower than the prior year at $4 million in the quarter or approximately $0.03 of EPS. This compares to discrete tax benefits of $0.08 in the second quarter of 2021. We expect our back half tax rate to be in the range of 21% to 22%. Our cash flow statement is on slide eight. Free cash flow declined in the first half of the year driven by working capital investments in inventory necessitated by the high backlog. Supply chain constraints exacerbated by input shortages preventing completion of some work in process inventory in the quarter, as well as higher receivable balances on growing sales. The quarter also included $43 million tax payment related to the sale of Unified Brands. Capital expenditures were up year-over-year and are principally in support of our robust growth expectations across several businesses. Free cash flow was 6% of revenue in the quarter and would have been 8% excluding the UB tax payment. We expect cash conversion to improve in the second half of the year more in line with typical cash conversion seasonality in our businesses, driven by earnings, conversion and inventory reductions. With that, I'm going to turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Right. Thanks Brad. Let's go to Slide nine. This slide is our current view of the demand outlook operational environment and margin drivers for the remainder of 2022 by segments. We expect top line and engineer products to remain robust based on elevated backlogs and implemented price increases. Vehicle services continues to see a constructive demand environment across all geographies with particular strength in North America. Demand for refuse collection vehicles and parts remains very strong, and our connected collections digital businesses significantly outperforming expectations. Our backlog includes fully implemented price actions that support the projected recovery and margins we expect volume productivity and improved price cost spread to be positive drivers of earnings accretion and margin improvement in the second half of the year. Clean Energy and fueling, we expect to see robust growth in the second half of the year after a roughly flat first half. We continue to see solid demand in North America for below-ground retail fueling, fuel transport vehicle wash and software solutions. Our acquisitions and clean energy components continue to outperform their year 1 acquisition models, and we have already begun to deploy capital in these businesses to expand capacity and improve productivity. We expect margin performance to improve in the second half on stronger volumes and mix, which will drive improved full year margins in this segment. We expect volumes in Imaging & ID to improve as component shortages is with China recovering from second quarter COVID shutdowns. We continue to work to identify alternative electronics providers to alleviate component bottlenecks going forward and we're beginning to see some inquiries and approve order rates for large scale printers and digital textile printing at positive development and industry that has experienced a prolonged recovery. We expect margin to improve in the second half and better volume and cost containment while keeping a close eye on FX. In Pumps & Process Solutions activity industrial pumps remain, solid polymer processing has booked several big projects to lay the foundation for a very strong second half. And we recently received our single largest order ever for the business in early July. Precision Components continues its upward trajectory in both bearings and compressor components across all geographies as investments in energy sector pickup. We expect the current below normal demand trend and biopharma to continue for the balance of the year as biopharma manufacturers finished transitioning their R&D pipelines and production systems from COVID related businesses to other growing biologic therapies. We expect Climate & Sustainability Technologies to post double-digit organic growth this year driven by its large backlog and pricing initiatives. Demand remains robust across all lines in food retail, while input shortages have hampered food retail shipments they are expected to improve, resulting in a catch up of deferred shipments into the second half of the year. Our heat exchanger businesses positioned well in strong order rates across all geographies and end markets, in particular, in the European heat pump business. In Belvac beverage packing equipment business continues to work through its record backlog. We have already been awarded new projects in Q3 to materially offset the deep working in Q2. We expect margins to improve year-over-year on volume leverage and positive price cost dynamics and normalizing supply chains. Let's go to Slide 10. I presented this slide at a recent conference, but it bears repeating, as not everyone attended the event and the topic continues to be actively debated. There is a view that booking rates of the sole predictor of demand and revenue growth and negative year-over-year bookings on top of a record 2021 are somehow spelling trouble. None of us know what the future holds, especially in the current environment, let's level set on the basics here. First, if you look at our revenue and bookings, they've historically been correlated. But because of demand wave coming out of the pandemic, coupled with extended lead times from supply chain issues and some change in product mix, our bookings jumped in 2021 to $9.4 billion, well ahead of our revenue last year and our guide for 2022 revenue. That resulted in backlogs that are at record highs, roughly double where they have normally been on a 12 months revenue basis. That, over time, should come down, which is healthy because it means we lead times are coming out and global supply chains are improving. Our backlog is sufficient to feed revenue growth for a significant period. And it's worth noting that our backlogs midway through the year are still higher than they were at the beginning of the year. And despite a decline in bookings our book-to-bill ratio so far this year is still above one and in line with historical trends. Our current booking and backlog trends should position us to enter 2023 on solid footing. Let's move to slide 11. And we show historical first half versus the second half margin performance. Historically, Dover has generated higher margins in the second half of the year. Last year was an anomaly as input inflation and supply chain constraints and COVID shutdowns hit the second half. Our sequential margin trajectory is upward and progressing largely as expected, and we remain confident that about the positive second half margin dynamics in line with historical seasonality, although I would note that Q4 will contribute more to absolute profits than normal on backlog and order timing and as we liquidate a large work in progress balances in inventory. Make no mistake; we remain concerned with the inflation trajectory and general macro backdrop and the different demand scenarios that are possible in 2023. We have a playbook to act decisively to adapt both from a cost structure and working capital perspective of the different demand conditions. But sitting here today, looking at our backlog, significant portions of our portfolio were sold out for 2022. So we would expect the order rates to inflect positively as we go into the second half. We have levers that are not demand dependent. We have positive contributions from our organic capital deployment and productivity initiatives in our four enterprise pillar efforts will positively contribute to next year's earnings. We also have very interesting and underappreciated portions of our portfolio where secular demand growth will outperform the broader industrial market. In closing, I'd like to thank my colleagues around the globe for their continued dedication to strong performance in a demanding operating environment. And Jack, I'll hand it back to you, and we can get to the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Hi, guys good morning. Just you mentioned FX impact in the quarter $0.08, what was it versus expectations? And what is the new guide assume for FX impact on EPS basis versus the previous guide?
Brad Cerepak: Well, okay, I'll take that. Within the quarter, the impact was about $0.02 of our -- against our expectations. I said for the full year, from here forward, it would be about $0.10. And I think you're asking me specifically what kind of forecast rate are we using. I could say we're using a euro of about $1.05. Today, it's trading at about $1.02. So maybe the headwind is a little bit higher. But we'll see. We'll see what happens now going forward, especially with the ECB raising rates.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just another question on commodities. Commodity is broadly down from their peak. So how should we think about -- you definitely highlighted that supply chain is getting better into the second half. But how should we think about that flowing into Dover cogs? Is it a 6-month lag? Is it a 12-month lag?
Richard Tobin: On the commodity side, we get the majority of it in the second half, right? So all of that has been in inventory for some period of time of what we've been waiting for is the pricing to roll forward. So we've seen a significant improvement in Q2. And the expectation is on the backlog. The raw materials being fully priced in the back half of the year and those businesses that are exposed to raw materials, and that's why we're confident about the margin accretion potential.
Andrew Obin: And is there any sort of incremental margin just as FX create some incremental headwinds? Is there an incremental margin of safety from commodity decline, as we think about towards exiting the year?
Richard Tobin: That's too complicated for me, Andrew. Over the last, what, couple of weeks, we've watched a significant devaluation of the euro against the dollar and we were modeling if that pace was to continue. it's pretty drastic. So as Brad mentioned, I think there's been some recovery and some noise out of the ECB about raising interest rates, buffering that impact. But it's -- we're going to have to see. And remember, too, that we're going to convert at average rates. So you got to be careful about taking spot rates and then trying to run the mass on the second half of the year.
Brad Cerepak: But I would just add that as it relates to price commodities. I feel good about the fact that all of our price actions are enacted going into this back half. And so we'll see what happens with commodities. I mean that's basically all we can say is, we'll see.
Andrew Obin: Rich, Brad, always a pleasure. Thanks.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Hello Rich Tobin and Brady.
Richard Tobin: Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey just two from me. First, Rick, just on the Belvac situation. We tend to think of the customers, Coke Pepsi, Crown, Ball, etcetera. So a little surprised to hear if somebody had a financing issue. Could you just elaborate a little bit more on what happened there? And then maybe the backfilling you're talking about is somebody stepping in and taking those slots.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean the -- look, capacity has been constrained and can-making for three years now, right? And that's what's been driving a lot of the capital investment by the can makers. But what you've also seen is a lot of companies that rather than go into the can makers are vertically integrating. That happened to be a particular project in Eastern Europe, which was a vertical integration play with the blow-up of the equity markets and financing conditions changed. The order got cancelled. But having said that, like I said, subsequent events, we got a $40 million order last week. So we had to debook it. That's life. None of the revenue and earnings for that particular order impact 2022. That was actually a 2023 project.
Jeff Sprague: Right. Interesting. And then just on the trajectory for the year here, I mean, clearly what you're saying about price cost and trends would indicate a sequential improvement in Q3 versus Q2, but you also are signaling a little bit more Q4 waiting? Could you just give us a little more color on how you expect the back half to play out here just to make sure we're all properly triangulated?
Richard Tobin: Sure. Look, I mean, at the end of the day, this was the quarter where we really had to chin the bar because that was the highest profitability quarter since the demerger or the spin-off that we had to chin the bar to the extent that we chin the bar considering everything was going on. This is the one we're probably most worried about this year, and we chin the bar. So my comment on just the seasonality of the back end of the year, you can see the chart that we put into the presentation. I would just caution that because of this issue about all this work in process that we have, I would expect that to continue through Q3, meaning that we're going to actually pushing a lot more out the door in Q4 than we historically have been. As you know, generally speaking, we would kind of run flat out and then run for cash in Q4 historically. The supply chain issues are not repairing themselves, at least sitting here today at the speed that would allow us to deplete a significant part of our backlog and our WIP in Q3. So it's going to move into Q4, which is all baked into the full year forecast. So it was more of a comment that'll just be not that we give a damn about quarterly results. We're a full year company here. But I think that Q4 will be higher proportionally in terms of earnings than the historical trend.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis with Melius Research
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Hey Scott.
Scott Davis: Sharp move we saw on FX. I mean, is there a point where there's a demand destruction, challenge is, Is there and perhaps maybe framing how much of your product is kind of moving from dollar based regions to non-dollar based regions and be helpful in that regard? But is there a certain point where you start to get nervous?
Richard Tobin: Well, I'm more nervous about the European macro than I am about FX. We don't ship hardly anything from the U.S. into Europe, where we run into problems with Euro dollar of any consequence. It is a bit of a -- and I don't think that there's a significant competitive advantage that we've been taking advantage of, a lower dollar versus the euro over time. So, I don't from a demand point of view, I don't think FX is an issue. I think that European macro is more of an issue. We don't see the effects of it today. But I mean, we're not naive and things aren't great with energy costs, where they are and everything else there.
Scott Davis: And how about emerging markets, where perhaps they have to buy in U.S. dollars, the product?
Richard Tobin: Again, we do a lot of four regions in region. The products that we ship into emerging markets are most how do I want to put this? I mean there is no Asian competitor for Maag, for example. So we come under some pressure from a pricing point of view, maybe in the future if we assume that currencies -- the dollar remains strong against emerging market currencies. But right now, I think that between some of the bigger capital goods side, like the Maags and the Belvacs of the world, I think we can weather that.
Scott Davis: Okay, and then just quickly last, the printing ID business, any of your consumer goods, customers, delaying orders or talking about, any slowdown demand there?
Richard Tobin: No, not really. I mean we just had some operational problems. We in Q2. I mean we are levered from a production point of view to Asia, to China specifically. So we've had some mission. We had to shut our operations down there in Q2 for a period of time during the lockdown. And we are caught up in some of the supply chain on electronics components there that we ended the quarter with a decent improvement there. So I would expect that at least on the on the printer portion of the business will catch up in the second half. We do not see a deterioration on the consumable side.
Brad Cerepak: I'd say we lost in that segment about four points of growth, because of the shutdowns in China and the component supplies within that business, which catches up in the back half.
Scott Davis: Okay. Thank you, Brad. Thanks, Rich. Take care.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Rich, can we start on pricing and the expectation? First for the rest of the year, I think you used up at six points of price this quarter. And then there's a lot of discussion right now around base metal prices are deflating. How are companies -- are companies going to have to give back some pricing as commodities deflate? Can you maybe just provide some context for how that's going to work across your business?
Richard Tobin: Yes, it's going to be an interesting dynamic and number one. Price cost, inflects materially positive in the second half, all of our pricing is done for the year. So what -- any pricing action we're taking now is more of a 2023 issue. Raw materials costs are coming down. We are not, we didn't reprice our backlog, into the headwind. And we have no intention of repricing our backlog into the tailwind. And that is something that's been an active dialogue with our customers now for seems like forever. But I guess, the last year if prices have to come down, because raw materials are deflating, that's actually positive to margins. Because, if we look at price cost on a rolling 12-month basis, you basically took a big headwind in the back half of last year into the Q1 of this year, and then you get a tailwind in the balance of the year, end up mostly, at least on the capital goods side, a net neutral over time. It's just you have the spread between the liquidation of the backlog timing. So if it comes down in pricing, yes, it is a headwind to revenue, but it's actually a positive to operating margin.
Joe Ritchie: And maybe this kind of following up on the piece of the business, it's not backlog sensitive. So most of most of your business, right, this short cycle piece, would you expect to be this, in a deflationary backdrop, dollar neutral, would you be dollar positive, I’m just trying to trying to get a sense when you get to keep some of it as we kind of progress over the next 12 months.
Richard Tobin: Yes, on the short cycle portion of the business, I wouldn't expect that there's not that dynamic of input cost tied to market pricing. I mean, that's really the capital goods portion of the business, both us ourselves and our customers. That is an on-going dialogue, just because of the proportionality of the input costs. And you can see what the diamond is on the raw material side and the short cycle portion of the business. There is not that direct link. So I mean, barring the competitive environment big becoming incredibly aggressive in 2023, I would expect, it's our intention to keep the pricing that we've laid in.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. No, that's helpful. If I could just squeeze one more in. Just the fund process margins finally saw some degradation this quarter, you guys have been kind of calling out mix in that business for the last couple of quarters. Is this kind of like the right new level, this like 31% type margin? Do you expect further degradation in the coming quarters?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Look, I mean, let's not get into quarter-to-quarter performance. I think that we've been clear over the last 18 months or so, that 30% margin is pretty much the new normal. There'll be some volatility quarter by quarter, clearly, based on mix. And it's not all bad at the end of the day. I think on the biopharma side, the demand as our customers convert is going to be slow, as I said, in the second half of the year. We believe in terms of our ability to retain our share of that marketplace is absolutely solid we're speced [ph] in and a significant amount of our customer base. So it's just as biopharma transitions. And remember, too, there's other portions of that business that are dilutive to that margin. So when we post organic growth number, I believe it was 7% more or less in DPS for the quarter. A lot of that growth was from the industrial component side, which is dilutive to that margin. We don't try to manage segment margin. Basically, we're pushing all these companies as much as we can. So if we have dilutive mix, that's not necessarily a bad thing. We want every piece of that segment to grow over time. And we're actually quite pleased with the performance of Maag. As I mentioned, that is its backlog is going up well into '23 now and the turnaround that we're seeing in Precision Components, which is levered to the energy sector.
Joe Ritchie: Makes sense. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys, good morning. Just to be clear, on kind of these price cost questions, I think, I think Andrew was trying to ask about when you guys would see deflation, given where commodity prices are today, I interpret your answer as it's not like you're seeing it in the second half, that's more price catching up with the inflation. So at what point would you see lower steel, lower copper, run through your revenue line item? Six months, nine months, 12 months? Like what's the timing on that? Just to be clear on that answer?
Richard Tobin: Sure. I guess now we're going to go operating company by operating. I'll give you two examples. I mean, I think in [Indiscernible] because that has got an inflator deflator that probably rolls every 90 days or quarterly, you would begin to see that a little earlier. Its net neutral, in [Indiscernible] in terms of its operating margin, or its performance. And the other capital goods sides specifically on ESG, we wouldn't see that until mid-next year, probably based on backlogs.
Steve Tusa: Right. So kind of blended for the cap goods businesses, 6 months?
Richard Tobin: Yes.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Yes. So beginning to give next year. So you're not seeing that in this year as a point and that's mostly price catching, right?
Richard Tobin: I think it's completely manageable. I mean the -- the issue is going to be what happens to the competitive environment going into 2023, and we'll see there depending on what demand looks like. For us, I like where we stand in terms of our competitive stacks, right? The vast majority of our business have very few global competitors, and I don't expect to see if demand comes down, then you've got some significant headwinds in terms of the pricing environment from a competitive point of view outside of what's happening in raw materials.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then just a question on orders. Your reported orders, including that the backlog, the cancellation. So are you saying that those orders next in the third and -- or just the run rate for the second half that those will actually be up sequentially because of that impact of the $75 million or whatever it is or maybe you can just follow on what sequential orders.
Richard Tobin: What I can tell you is that the bar that we had to chin for margin and operating profit and order volume was Q2, right? So we've been guiding for a year now that this can't go on forever and orders are going to come down. But if you noticed, I'm sure you did, that our backlog didn't deplete at all. And I think what Brad was trying to call out; you got to be really careful going forward here because FX has an impact not only on revenue and profit translation, but on balance sheets also. So -- and Roland over to take care of that over time. Again, I'm not worried about our orders. I mean we've got a significant portion of our portfolio that's sold out for the year.
Steve Tusa: Right. So can book-to-bill be above 1 on a reported basis for the next couple of quarters?
Richard Tobin: Can it be? Yes.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Is that in your forecast? Anything can happen here.
Richard Tobin: Perfectly frank, I don't -- we don't measure projected book-to-bill, right? We've got revenue forecast and earnings forecast, but no one is running around trying to count orders into the future.
Steve Tusa: Except us.
Richard Tobin: Yes. Well, we had a discussion around here about book-to-bill orders and backlog, whether that's too much is too much. But at the end of the day, look, this notion that order rates coming down is somehow a precursor of 2023 demand. I think I'd be very careful about that.
Steve Tusa: Okay, thanks.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: We'll go next to Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi Group.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, maybe just to follow up on that. Can you give us a little more color into the puts and takes of your revenue guidance for the year? I know we just talked about currency and length, but you actually raised your organic growth guide for the year despite lowering expectations a little bit in DII and DPS. Does your higher organic growth forecast come from more momentum in specific businesses, DP, DCF? Or is it more confidence in supply chain easing?
Richard Tobin: Well, let's see. Number one, the back half is actually an easier comp. I repeat myself again, Q2 was the comp that we had to chin and we actually grew over Q2. So if you take -- if you look at the growth that we posted for Q2, which was the highest bar that we had to chin. If you take a look at what happened in the second half of last year, right, in terms of absolute growth, we're in pretty good shape there. Brad went through what our estimates are on FX, and we're going to be like everybody else, we're just going to have to watch that as it progresses through the year. And look, if you take a look at our cash flow, which is negatively impacted by largely inventory, we've got a significant amount of not so much finished goods, but a lot of raw materials and whip. And our intention is to convert a significant portion of that, which means selling it at the end of the day, again, our backlog which is -- which drives the top line, and we are going to run like crazy between now and the end of the year to liquidate that inventory position, which should be really good for the cash flow going forward. I mean, the 1 watch point is going to be how much we ship in December and whether that gets hung up in receivables or not. But you know what, that's relevant, quite frankly, it's a timing difference. We're looking at the 1 that we're driving at the most is we've got to clear that whip out of inventory, which would have the knock on effect of clearing the raw material position that we have.
Andrew Kaplowitz: And then, Rich, or Brad, maybe I can follow up on the cash flow. Obviously, you had your initial cash flow guide out there, 13% to 15% of sales. I know cash flow improved sequentially. But as you were just talking about, Rich, seems pretty back-end loaded. Any update on sort of that original guidance or how to think about cash flow conversion over the next couple of quarters?
Richard Tobin: I look at -- Andy, it's basically what I said, right? There's nothing changed here about the cash flow dynamic. Our earnings are going up for the year. That's a positive. We have brought in more inventory because of all these supply chain issues. I'm not worried about it because our inventory position proportionately against the backlog that we have is fine. We're going to watch a significant portion of the inventory in the second half of the year. What happens in payables and receivables based on timing and everything else. I think the only watch point would be on the receivables balance at the end of the year, but then the world doesn't end on January 31, I'm not calling out that we've got an issue with the guidance, and we're going to drive towards making it. But look, I think from a cash flow point of view, we're in no different position than we've been in the past and our earnings are higher.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate it Rich.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome, Andy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski, Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey good morning guys. Rich, you mentioned there, I apologize I jumped on the call a couple of minutes late. Watching Europe maybe a little bit more closely than kind of worrying about macro at large. Anything in terms of progression through the quarter order rates, mix of business? I know there's a couple of particularly economically sense of the businesses there. I would think the retail fueling when you $8 a gallon gas maybe isn't feeling awesome. But anything there that you guys you feel a need to point out?
Richard Tobin: No, nothing. It was just a comment on a watch item where I think the question was more, are we more worried about FX. FX is what it is at the end of the day. I don't think it changes the dynamic where we think it's a headwind of our ability to compete in the Euro zone because of some -- we're shipping dollarized products into Europe, we don't. Clearly, Europe, from a macro point of view, is a watch item. We're not naive here. We don't see it yet, but we're paying very close attention to it. And then we run a variety of scenarios depending on what we think could happen to demand, what we do to our cost structure. And that was the comments I made in the presentation of we've got a playbook here that says when things start moving, how quickly we can move and we believe that we can move faster to the macro balls.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then I guess maybe some out a little bit more strategically. You've been talking about near-shoring or kind of broader supply chain investment by the industrial world for a while now. At the same time, you're seeing some of that, I guess, start to improve. Anything that you think with improvement people sort of forget about or move on from? How are you guys thinking about this transition maybe from like triage mode to how you want to address some of the supply chain issues on a longer-term basis?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Look, I mean we've been the recipient, unfortunately, in the first half of the year of our own suppliers going through that transition, which has led to some of the headwinds that we've seen. So I think from a longer-term perspective, it's healthy. So you see quite a bit of capital investment going in let's call into NAFTA for lack of a better word, but that's -- these are industrial products, and they're not easy to move around, and we're all kind of going through that transition. Interestingly, from a CapEx point of view, our CapEx-related businesses are very strong. So the order rates that we're seeing in Belvac and Maag and what's going on in Precision Components and what's going on in Refrigeration. Those are all, let's call them, CapEx-related businesses. And from a backlog perspective and a demand perspective, I mean, they're all sold out for the balance of the year, and we're actually booking into 2023. So I know there's a big debate going on out there between consumer recession versus industrial recession. The CapEx sitting here today, I think that we're more positive than negative in terms of CapEx demand or CapEx-related demand going into 2023.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Makes sense to me. Thanks.
Richard Tobin: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Deane Dray: Maybe we'll just stay on that same CapEx theme. Any change in your thoughts regarding CapEx spending expectations for the year for you guys?
Richard Tobin: Our own, no. No. I think that what we have modeled in for ourselves through the year is we're all done. So I mean I don't think we could we can't spend what we've got in the plan now. So no, I don't think barring a customer showing up and saying, I want X, which clearly we would invest behind right now, I think that we're done in terms of commitments we and you'll see it reflected in the cash flow as we go through the balance of the year.
Deane Dray: Got it. And in reference to the early discussion about counting orders, can you talk a bit more about that single largest order. You said it was in pump in process, what the application is, how competitive and how might the margins shake out versus the segment normalized average?
Richard Tobin: It's polymer processing where the order came from. It's in Asia and it's slightly dilutive to the consolidated margin but still very good margin.
Deane Dray: Got it. And how competitive was that?
Richard Tobin: It's -- they're all competitive. Having said that, it's better to be competing with against two other people versus 10 people. And by and large, the vast majority of the portfolio is competing against two or three people. So it's competitive, but not crazy.
Deane Dray: That's helpful. And just last one, if I could. Last quarter, when we talked about pricing, Rich you said you might be pressing more along the lines of surcharges? And how has that played out?
Richard Tobin: What, I don't -- I think that because of the dynamics of raw materials, we haven't had to do surcharges since then. I think it was an option that we were -- we are basically -- I think that when we had the discussion last time as we've done a significant a lot of pricing here. That's all modeled in the roll forward for the balance of the year. So kind of like our pricing was done, assuming what we have in our EPS forecast. And that I think the response to the question is, well, what if we see input costs go up again, what are you going to do. And the answer was, at this juncture, we'd probably take a look at doing surcharging. We've done some but very little. Because of the fact that we haven't seen a degradation, we actually it's more of a tailwind going forward input cost than it's been a headwind over the past year.
Deane Dray: That’s really helpful. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho.
Brett Linzey: Hey good morning all.
Richard Tobin: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Linzey: I wanted to come back to capital deployment. You made a comment about proactively evaluating other various alternatives. Could you just put a finer point on that? Is it buybacks, special dividend? What's all under consideration? And then if it is the buyback, would you consider levering up or was this just a balance between bolt-on buyback and free cash flow?
Richard Tobin: I think that the capital markets would have to get pretty green before we levered up to do it. So it was more on deployable cash flow, meaning that if we were -- if our pipeline from an inorganic point of view was low that we would not sit on our projected cash flow balances for a prolonged period of time. And so then we have optionality for capital return to shareholders. Our bias there is share repurchase over doing a special dividend as we sit here today. But that's always a discussion with the Board of Directors.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. And then just shifting to the European pump business there. How large is that on a run rate basis currently and I know the order rates have been pretty good there. But can you just speak to the scope of further opportunity in that business, and then specifically, how Dover is competitively positioned for the opportunity?
Richard Tobin: Yes, we don't really get into giving out revenues by segment because that's a slippery slope that these conference calls the last thousand years. It's a good -- it's material to the full year revenue. I think the reason that we called it out was the scale of the particular purchase order as a proxy for kind of CapEx demand going forward. So it's a good order proportional to the revenue. That business is sold out for the year. So it's all 2023 that we're booking for now. So it's a precursor for the solidity of that particular business' revenue stream going into 2023.
Brett Linzey: Got it. Thanks, I’ll pass it along.
Richard Tobin: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our final question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Good morning. Thanks for the question. Just I thought it would be useful to go back to the guide, maybe Brad, this is for you. So $0.10 from FX headwinds at current plan rates. It sounds like that's offset by a point better organic growth. Is there anything else in the plan that's moving around seems like taxes coming in a bit better. But anything on corporate, etcetera, that we should bear in mind?
Brad Cerepak: No, I don't think so. I think corporate was a little bit favorable in the quarter for reasons of booking accrual rates and things of that nature, but corporate kind of gets back to a normal pace in the back half of the year. As I said, the headwinds is $0.10 versus our last expectation. That's built into our guide, same as it is on the revenue side. So revenue and earnings are reflective of what we said was our current thinking about FX rates. The organic increase, another way to think about that is we chin the bar in Q2. We had a good Q2. We see that helps us for the full year as well and solidifying price is also helpful. So there's no huge movements there. It's more refinement than anything else.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Great. That's great. And then, Rich, maybe for you or expansive question on Europe. The sort of the top-down view on Europe is dismal. The micro sort of company data is actually coming in a lot better. It's a little bit surprising. So just wondering what you're seeing on the ground in Europe. And I'm just wondering how concerned you buy prosper gas rationing NG inflation? And are you seeing anything sort of unusual in terms of behavior from customers in Europe right now?
Richard Tobin: Nothing unusual. I mean we -- Europe is probably more levered for export than NAFTA is for us. So it's not the proportionality of Europe for Europe is actually lower than it is for NAFTA, which proportionately is very high. So there is a bit of a buffer there. So I mentioned before with Maag having a single biggest order European company that's shipping into Greater Asia, and that business remains strong. Look, it's hard to tell right now. We don't see a lot of negative -- negativity. We don't see any cancellations of orders that we have in backlog in Europe right now. It was just more of a -- when we talk to our customers and we talk to our employees, this isn't good and what's going to happen here. But right now, we don't see anything where things are rolling over. But clearly, we are running scenarios, a variety of them if Europe was to run into in some problems, what are we going to do? And like I mentioned before, I think that we've got a playbook that allows us to protect operating margins under a variety of demand scenarios. And I think we proved that in 2020. We would just run that same playbook back again. But I mean I wish I could be more specific. Right now, everybody is concerned on what's going on in the macro in Europe, but we don't see it rolling to a situation where it's overly negative yet.
Nigel Coe: Sounds great. Thanks Rich.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question and answer period in Dover's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to Dover’s First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Jack Dickens, Senior Director, Investor Relations. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consensual recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. And it is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Jack Dickens. Sir, please begin.
Jack Dickens: Thank you, Chelsea. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. An audio version of our call will be available on our website through May 12th and a replay link of the webcast will be archived for three months. Dover prepare -- provides non-GAAP information. Reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Actual results and events could differ from those statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties, which are discussed in our SEC filings. We make -- we assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Jack. Good morning, everyone. I am on slide three, it shows the detailed U.S. GAAP and adjusted quarterly results. So let’s go to slide four and take a look at the performance highlights. Our results in the first quarter were in line with expectations, our expectations. The demand for products and service continue to be robust across the portfolio and the management teams of our operating companies did a solid job of navigating various challenges during the quarter. Going into the quarter, we had appropriately forecasted the supply chain and input inflation headwinds, but we did not forecast significant geopolitical destabilization nor the return of pandemic challenges in China, which negatively impacted some businesses in our portfolio from a demand and supply chain perspective. We were able to largely offset these unexpected headwinds through robust production performance, particularly late in the quarter on the back of our backlog strength. Let’s move to the next slide. Organic revenue was up 9% year-over-year in the quarter on strong demand across the majority of the portfolio. Backlogs remain at record levels up 54% year-over-year and 5% sequentially with book-to-bill above 1 in all five segments. Operating margin performance in the quarter was below our expectation. Planned volume leverage productivity and tight cost controls were able to dampen the forecasted negative impact of supply chain constraints and negative price costs embedded in older backlogs -- in older orders and the backlogs of certain businesses. But our actions were short of fully offsetting unscheduled production interruptions caused by supply chain constraints and severe weather events, which negatively impacted volume and cost absorption and had an unfavorable mix effect on margins. We expect this to be recovered over the balance of the year. During the quarter we continued to invest organically in capacity expansions and productivity initiatives to drive revenue growth and operational success. We recently acquired a unique intellectual property portfolio used in electric powered and hybrid waste collection vehicles, which we plan to showcase a fully electric refuse vehicle built for one of our municipal customers at WasteExpo in May. Our first quarter performance demonstrated again the strength of our diversified portfolio of businesses and our commitment to continuous improvement in operational rigor. Due to the dynamic environment in which we are operating, quarter-to-quarter results will be noisy, which I am sure we will discus at length during the Q&A. But keep in mind that we have a robust backlog and that the businesses that face challenges in the back half of 2021 are positioned to drive robust performance as we get through the tougher comps of the first half of 2022. Despite the macro headwinds, we are well-positioned to deliver our full year revenue guidance of 7% to 9% organic growth and adjusted EPS of $8.45 per share to $8.65 per share. Let’s go to slide five. Engineered Products revenue was up 15% organically in the quarter. Demand continues to be robust across much of the portfolio and we have considerable visibility as a result of backlog -- a robust backlog position. Comparable operating margin was down largely as a result of price cost and supply chain challenges, but sequentially improved, as production performance ramped up and older backlog shipped. We expect this dynamic to continue through the balance of the year. Clean Energy & Fueling was flat organically as the expected roll-off of EMA -- EMV demand in North America retail fueling was offset by growth in other businesses. Demand was strong across the balance of the portfolio of businesses with particular strength in Clean Energy components, vehicle wash, below-ground and fueling components. Let me unpack the margin performance here before we make this an EMV-only story and draw the wrong conclusions of the projected margin trajectory for the balance of the year. As we previewed last quarter, we incurred roughly $20 million in new acquisition related depreciation and amortization in the quarter driven by our Clean Energy acquisitions in late 2021. This represented a 400-basis-point headwind to segment margins in the quarter. The balance of the margin dilution is a result of product mix, which is EMV driven and Q1 supply chain and production challenges. Unfortunately, we lost a week of production in March due to weather event at one of our main production facilities in Texas. Setting aside acquisition accounting, we expect the segment to deliver robust absolute revenue and profits for the full year. Sales in Imaging & ID declined 1% organically as volumes in our core marketing and coding business were constrained by component shortages, as well as China lockdowns and reduction of business in Russia, more than offset growth in our serialization and brand management software businesses. Digital textile printing continued its gradual recovery. Q1 margins in Imaging & ID were down to lower volumes and higher input costs. Pumps & Process Solution posted another strong quarter at 13% organic growth. We saw strong volumes across all businesses and geographies. Demand remained strong in core biopharma activity where drug R&D projects, which that were sidelined during COVID, came back strongly. But we did see normalization in order rates for COVID driven biopharma components as demand for COVID-19 vaccines and therapies moderate. Margin performance was solid in the quarter on strong volumes, fixed cost absorption and favorable mix in pricing. Topline results in Climate & Sustainability Technologies continued to be robust, posting 17% organic growth and strength across all businesses in major geographies. Margins were up in the quarter as robust volumes, solid operating performance and improved price costs offset cost inflation and input shortages. I will pass it on to Brad from here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Going to slide six. On the top is the revenue bridge. FX was a 2% or $43 million headwind to the 9% organic growth, resulting in $0.05 of negative EPS impact in the quarter. Our FX forecast for the remainder of the year does not assume any changes to the prevailing exchange rates, which creates a headwind for the year versus our prior guidance. M&A contributed $53 million to the topline in the quarter, a product of $83 million from acquisitions partially offset by $31 million from the Unified Brands divestiture. We saw a solid organic growth across all geographies with notably strong performance in Asia and the Americas. China which represents approximately half of our business in Asia was up 20% organically in the quarter. Moving to the earnings bridge on slide seven. Adjusted segment EBIT was down $7 million in the quarter and adjusted EBIT margin declined 200 basis points as improved volumes, continued productivity initiatives and strategic pricing were more than offset by input cost inflation, production stoppages, as well as acquisition-related amortization that drove a roughly 100-basis-point headwind. Adjusted net earnings improved by $13 million driven by higher segment EBIT, excluding AD&A and a favorable tax rate. The effective tax rate excluding discreet tax benefits was approximately 21.7% for the quarter, same as the comparable period. Discreet tax benefits were $10 million in the quarter or $4 million higher than in 2021 for approximately $0.03 of year-over-year EPS impact. Now on our cash flow statement on slide eight. Free cash flow declined in the first quarter and was slightly negative driven by working capital investments in inventory and heavy shipments in March, driving higher receivables, as well as higher compensation payments. Capital expenditures for the quarter were principally in support of robust growth expectations across several businesses. Q1 is our season -- is seasonally our lowest cash flow quarter and Q1 last year was a bit of an outlier due to post-COVID recovery. With that, I am going to turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Okay. I am on slide nine. This slide includes our current view of demand outlook, operational environment and margin drivers for the remainder of 2022 by segment [ph]. We expect topline in Engineered Products to remain robust, based on solid backlogs and sustained strong bookings. Vehicle services continues to ship against a record high demand, driven by new vehicle service facility builds, replacement of service equipment, growth in wheel aligners, as well as share gains. Orders for refuse trucks and software solutions are robust, with new order rates pushing well into the second half of the year. Momentum in industrial automation remains strong, particularly in China and within automotive, industrial winches continue to recovery with notable strength in natural resources and energy, and aerospace and defense will remain muted in Q2 on order timing but should accelerate in the second half. As expected, price cost was negative in the first quarter in this segment, but we expect it to flip positive in the second quarter as several rounds of price increases cycle through backlogs. We have also introduced other mechanisms to dampen the impact of margin cost volatility in our Capital Equipment businesses. All-in, we expect margins to improve sequentially as the year progresses. We expect Clean Energy & Fueling to post robust growth for the full year as solid growth in below-ground, fuel transport, vehicle wash and software solutions, coupled with our acquisitions in Clean Energy and components, which are off to a strong start, should more than offset the roll off of EMV demand. Excluding the $45 million of incremental deal-related amortization expenses in 2022, of which approximately $20 million were incurred in Q1, we expect full year margins to improve on volume and mix. Demand conditions in Imaging & ID are expected to remain solid as component shortages in core marketing and coding subside. Serialization and brand protection software should contribute positively to robust bookings and backlog. Digital textile printing is recovering. We expect margin in this segment to be stable. Order trends in Pumps & Process Solutions remained robust for much of the segment. Activity industrial pumps and polymer processing is solid and precision components continues its upward trajectory aided by increasing activity at refineries and petrochemical plants, and a recent uptick in orders for OEM gas compressor new builds. Our biopharma business remains strong, but likely lumpy intra-year from a demand perspective as our customers transition from COVID MNRA vaccine production to alternative therapies. Subject to year-to-year shifts in mix, we expect 30%-plus margin in this segment as the new normal going forward. We expect Climate & Sustainability Technologies to post double-digit organic growth this year driven by its large backlog in sustained order rates. New orders in core food, retail businesses have been healthy across product segments. Our case business within food retail is now booking into 2023. Our heat exchanger businesses positioned well on strong order rates across all geographies and end markets. And Belvac packaging equipment business continues to work through its record backlog. They are also booked for 2022 and are taking orders for 2023. Q2 and Q3 are seasonally strongest quarters for volumes and margins in the segment. We expect margins to improve significantly in 2022 on improved volume leverage, positive price cost dynamics and normalizing sequential. Okay. Here we go. This is the new slide and I am going to attempt to provide some clarity on bookings and backlog by segment, since this subject has been actively debated and I can see it continues to be this morning. First, total backlog is up 50% year-over-year with double-digit growth across all segments despite robust revenue performance in the last 12 months. All segments also posted sequential growth in backlog during Q1. Next, our book-to-bill in Q1 was 1.1, with all five segments above 1 despite 9% organic growth in the quarter. This is a very good picture. Topline visibility is a great thing from an operational and planning perspective, and it’s an important pillar of our full year guidance. Intuitively, we would not expect these elevated order rates and advanced ordering patterns to persist, especially in the short cycle portion of our portfolio, as supply chains improve. But we see two factors influencing current order patterns. First, it’s reasonable to assume that customers who expect persistent inflation will continue advance ordering to lock in favor -- in the attempt of locking favorable pricing. And second, customers expecting robust demand in 2023, while remain cautious on supply chain stability, want to ensure supply. As you can imagine, we spend a lot of time on this topic, and at present, do not have a conclusive view despite booking into 2023 in long cycle CapEx driven portions of the portfolio. So we will just have to adapt accordingly and keep a keen eye on working capital as the year progresses. I would however caution that we need to be careful about drawing definitive conclusions on changes in comparative order rates or backlogs. The scale of our typical operating company gives us significant flexibility to adapt the changes in the demand environment and we manage them all uniquely based on the operating model, business cycle and competitive stack. I am absolutely confident that we have the tools to maximize profitability to the upside scenario and to protect it on the downside as we approved in 2020 and 2021. Dover’s portfolio has significant diversification from a product and end market exposure perspective, many of which we believe has secular growth tailwinds, and as such, despite the ongoing macro and geopolitical challenges at present, we are continuing to invest organically behind areas of strength. Moving to slide 11, again, we are reaffirming full year guidance for the year. And let’s move on to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Jeff.
Brad Cerepak: Hi. Good morning.
Jeff Sprague: Hi. Could -- I guess a couple things. I mean, first, Rich, you sound a bit more confident on price cost over the balance of year. You also mentioned kind of older backlog working its way through the system. I would imagine you have a pretty good handle on that, but maybe you could just elaborate a little bit more on kind of the residual tension on converting existing backlog and some of these steps you said you took to kind of dampen the volatility on cost inputs going forward?
Richard Tobin: Sure. Jeff, I mean, we were chasing price costs last year, and one of the good things that, I mean, the good news is having a high backlog, you get visibility, which is helpful to planning, let’s say. The bad news is if that backlog is building in advance of input cost headwinds, you are chasing it to a certain extent. So, as you are basically -- without replacing backlog, right? You go negative price costs, which we saw in Q4 last year. If you remember what we talked about, at the end of the year, I said, the disappointing performance for us in Q4 was, because of supply chain, we did not convert as much backlog as we would have liked, which would have strangely, our revenue would have been up and our margin would have been down in Q4. And what we have done is we have carried some of that into Q1, and I think, if you remember, what we said about modeling Q1 this year was that it was a safe bet to model it against Q4 of last year, and if you go do the comparisons, we are pretty much spot on. But we are shipping that older backlog, right? So now we had so we are going to squeeze price costs in Q2 significantly and then flip significantly positive, at least in three portions of the portfolio on the back half of the year and particular in Engineered Products, in Clean Energy, and in Climate, where we expect to see a significant benefit in the back half of next year on price cost and because of the comps are significantly easier, right? I call your attention to our Q2 performance last year, I think, was the highest margin that Dover ever posted. So the comp that we have got ahead of us is a tough one. I would tell you that, I guess before somebody asks, again, I would point to Q2 last year as a proxy for performance of Q2 this year.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for that. And maybe just a little bit of kind of macro color for lack of a better term, I guess. But, obviously, the world feels different the last six weeks or eight weeks. I mean the backlogs and orders do look robust. But are you seeing any indication, trepidation from customers about taking backlog or shifting their places in line or anything that would kind of undermine your confidence in kind of the deliverability of the backlog?
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that how my top concerns point of view, this China COVID situation is new news in the quarter that we have had to navigate here. I don’t have a view on where this goes. I am hoping, based on the news this morning that we are not going to move on to Guangzhou or somewhere else, but that is not helping from a supply chain point of view. Look, so far, the pricing that we have passed has not been to the detriment of backlog. So we haven’t had call offs in that backlog. I think the biggest issue for us is the supply chain side of the business. Does it get better or does it get worse from here? We will see. And from our customers’ point of view, they again are dealing with supply chain issues and labor availability issues. So that’s where you have got a lot of push and pull of, we are working really hard to get the product out the door and we are working really hard with our customers to make sure they are ready to receive at the same time, because they are dealing with their own call them supply chain issues. So right now we don’t see it. We don’t see much of a risk in terms of shipping our backlog other than our own constraints and so as far as the customer taking it, but we will see going from here.
Jeff Sprague: Great. I will leave it there. Thanks for the color. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hi. Good morning, Rich.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: So DPPS, obviously, book-to-bill still positive, orders did turn down on tough comps and it looks like you have lowered your 2022 revenue forecast slightly in that segment and you called biopharma, I think, lumpy. Can you give us some more color on what percentage of DPPS has had? The COVID-related tailwinds and is normalizing versus the rest of the business, and ultimately, how are you thinking about Dover’s overall ability to grow DPPS at this point?
Richard Tobin: Yeah. Think that we are going to go through a little bit of an air pocket here in terms of the demand function because of this transition from COVID therapies to non-COVID therapies. I think, on the long run, we believe that this is a growth market and I’d like to thank Danaher for going before us, because I think, they explained it far better than we are going to be able to do it. But we expect in the middle of this year to have reduction in order rates as that transition takes place, that’s accommodated into our earnings forecast for the year. But I don’t believe that this is -- this COVID-related issue is an air pocket where revenues are going to drop never to be seen again. We think it’s an intra-year conversion and we feel really good about our position in single use.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thanks for that, Rich. And then could you give us some more color into the improvement you see in DCST, obviously, revenue growth was strong in the quarter. Is it possible at this point to quantify how much added growth your initiatives in that segment are? CO2 systems, Belvac, SWEP, how much do they add to this business and then do you still see that segment hitting your mid-teens margin target for the year?
Richard Tobin: The two-year CAGR on Belvac is now in the 40s. The two-year CAGR on heat exchangers is in the 20s. So it’s not -- before we get to refrigeration. So you have got two big principal drivers, which are margin accretive to the segment, by the way. The two-year CAGR on refrigeration business is about 16.5, 17, and it’s widespread across the portfolio, the fastest growing portion being the systems business. As we have discussed before, we will take all the system business we could get and we are trying to maximize the profitability on the case business. Meaning that we are trying to -- we are not running and taking all the business that’s out there. So, so far, so good, still a lot of supply chain issues, because these are complicated assembly processes, but Q2 and Q3 margins should be interesting.
Andy Kaplowitz: I guess I will leave it at that. Thanks, Rich.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Can you just -- you said 2Q is going to look a lot like 2Q last year. What’s the organic growth do you think in 2Q, I mean it was a pretty big step-up in 2Q last year, so maybe just over that?
Richard Tobin: Yeah. Look, I mean, I think, you can calculate that, right? If I say it’s going to look similar at the end of the day. I don’t have that at the top of my head. I know that from a data point, but I’d have to go ask one of my colleagues here about trying to extrapolate that into organic growth. I can tell you it should be similar to Q1.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay. Sorry. Trying to do less work these days, looking for a little help there.
Richard Tobin: Right.
Steve Tusa: And so that means that kind of the back half you are looking at, I don’t know, like, 7% -- 6% to 7%? And if that’s the right number, that would imply, I guess, somewhere in the range of a 45% to 50% incremental for the back half of the year?
Richard Tobin: Well, the back half of the year, the incrementals are going be significant, because the comps with all the operational difficulties that we had last year, I mean, we lap all that.
Steve Tusa: Right?
Richard Tobin: We are shutting down facilities and we had negative absorption. We had reduced volumes, negative absorption, everything else, and the beginnings of negative price costs. So if all things being equal, and the supply chain and the macro doesn’t get worse from here, yeah, I mean our incrementals in the back half of the year, particularly in Engineered Products and in Clean Energy and in Climate should be robust?
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. I would add to that, I guess…
Richard Tobin: Yeah.
Brad Cerepak: I would add to that, I guess, to say, we will see where the macro goes on commodities. But as we think about the back half and the price material implications, I would say, our forecast now include impacted price. So I think we feel good about that under the scenario that the backlog’s cleaning itself out and we have the price increases in place. So I think that’s good news for the back half.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Sorry. One more on that detail, can you remind us how much of those, I recall you guys saying it was kind of a $30 million to $40 million kind of one-time-ish type of costs related to supply chain and then how big do you expect kind of that price cost spread to be in the second half? These -- those two items a little more precision there would be great?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, clearly, it’s going to be that headwind plus. So you mop up all the headwind on a comp basis, plus you get normalized incremental margin on the volume.
Steve Tusa: Yeah. How big is that? Can you remind me?
Richard Tobin: I never told you. So there’s nothing to remind you there.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate the color.
Richard Tobin: All right.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question will come from Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Scott.
Scott Davis: I was hoping you could educate us a little bit or me, I should say, on the biopharma business. When you think of -- I mean, all these biosimilars that are coming out, there’s just a shit ton of them. If I walked into one of those facilities, would it have similar asset intensity to kind of the predecessor product? I mean, I guess, and the question is that, are they more -- just as like the use -- single use?
Richard Tobin: Oh, boy. Well, like I tried to say before, we listen to Danaher, because we knew this was coming and I think that what they articulated was far better as -- we are a subcomponent supplier. What I will tell you is that, skid production in biopharma is very much a growth avenue, right? It grew because of COVID. But now these mRNA therapies have got a variety of different therapeutic uses and the chosen technology for production and our understanding is skid, and as such, we are component supplier to that chosen type of production.
Scott Davis: Okay. All right. That’s super helpful. And then to back up, the electric garbage truck, is this -- I don’t expect you can share on it? Can you make money making these things, are the specks -- are we a few years off from being able to actually, I am just picturing, the battery density has to be massive to be able to drive these things more than 20 miles. So any color there that you can help just to understand if that’s a real market or not?
Richard Tobin: I don’t know. Maybe you and I can go down to WasteExpo on May 5th and go take a look at it. Look, we are not…
Scott Davis: I will take a pass on that, Rich.
Richard Tobin: I will meet you there.
Scott Davis: Let’s put it that way.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. We don’t have a plane here, so I can’t pick you up. Nonetheless…
Scott Davis: Yeah.
Richard Tobin: … remember, we are not a chassis builder. So this is…
Scott Davis: Yeah.
Richard Tobin: … a basically if you think about a hybrid, this is a battery pack that drives the compactor that sits on the back of the truck. So the use is, in theory, a full electric vehicle. So you have a full electric truck with this technology sitting on the back, but you could also have a diesel chassis with an electric -- so with an electric compactor, the guys that run this business are going to hate me for trying to describe it and you get basically a hybrid benefit. So are we going to make money on it? That’s the intent. But the fact of the matter is, for municipalities, its taxpayer money at work here and if somebody decides they want to go to an electric fleet, they are going to go to an electric fleet, and as a material supplier, we have got to have a product offering.
Scott Davis: Yeah. Makes sense. All right. Thank you, guys. I will pass it on.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question will come from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey. Rich, just a quick clarification just on the 2Q comment. So we are talking about like-for-like EPS, right, organic growth? It’s going to be up, obviously, so margins down on a year-over-year basis 2Q?
Richard Tobin: Yeah. Look, I mean, I know, we have all these discussions about price cost and what’s ignored there is the dilutive effect on price cost. Even at neutrality, it’s dilutive to margins. So you are going to get that piece of it even if we were absolutely neutral across the entire portfolio and pricing has been robust. That’s the math. That’s the way the math works at the end of the day. Now, our portfolio is so diverse. It’s a little bit all over the place and depending on how much commodity exposure we have in certain businesses and everything else. From an absolute profit point of view, I think, because Q2 was peak margins for -- I am going to get my years right now, 2021.
Joe Ritchie: That’s right.
Richard Tobin: Even with that dilutive effect and absolute profit, Q2 is a proxy. But I’d be careful about the margin.
Joe Ritchie: Yeah. No. That makes a ton of sense. I guess the follow on there is really, I want to kind of parse out the Clean Energy & Fueling margin this quarter. So, clearly, we know the AD&A, the 400 basis points. Is -- so I guess two questions. One, are we going to see the rest of the depreciation and amortization come in in Q2? Is that going to be linear throughout the year? And then the second question, just maybe kind of help parse out a little bit more, I think, you guys talked like one week production being down in that business. And so how quickly can kind of see that ex-AD&A, how quickly can margins come back?
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I am going to leave the AD&A questions to my colleagues. I will deal with everything else and we can circle back on the linearity.
Brad Cerepak: The -- well, I mean, to answer that question, the back half goes to a linear amortization amount at roughly $7 million a quarter. So if you are thinking about the second quarter, it’s not as high as the first, because of the inventory rolls off into the second quarter, and we said it was 45 for the year, so you could do the math and squeeze the second quarter and that’s as simple as I can make it.
Richard Tobin: Okay. We will endeavor to remove AD&A from the segments going forward, our bad on that one. Nonetheless, look, Q1 was just a mess. I don’t want to go back and revisit COVID. But in January, at our main production facilities, we weren’t doing much. We rushed like hell to pump out as much as we could and we were actually at a pretty good pace, and then we lost a week of production in our main production facility above-ground dispensers in March because of hurricane. That’s life. It should have happened in the quarter where we weren’t taking $20 million of AD&A I guess. And our Clean Energy business, which no one understood and -- understandably no one understands the seasonality. Their actual lowest profit margin of the year is Q1, where we basically write orders for the balance of the year. So the backlog that we can see and the revenue trajectory that we can see for those business is very good, but is actually dilutive to prior year margins because of seasonality. So, from here, supply -- all things supply chain being equal, our below-ground business, which is very profitable is booked and our Clean Energy is all coming and that’s accretive to margins and that is doing very well from a backlog point of view. So as long as we can get the product out the door, I am confident that full year absolute profit and margins performance will be robust despite EMV.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Super helpful. Thanks. Thank you both.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hi. Thanks.
Andrew Obin: Well, just a question on volume versus pricing. In Q1, pricing was up 6% and it sounds it’s going to get better. So if we sort of look into second half, if we look at the organic growth guidance with a powered sort of pricing, it implies relatively flat volume in the second half. Given how robust orders and backlog is, just wondering are you guys trying to gauge growth in the second half to optimize profitability, like, given this dynamic between price cost uncertainty to the backlog? Just trying to understand how you think about very robust backlog and volumes seemingly being flattish in the second half?
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I think that one could say that pricing that you have seen in Q1 remains linear over the balance of the year and the margin accretion in the second half is, because you flip positive because of inventory valuation, so, if you follow me. Meaning that…
Andrew Obin: Yeah.
Richard Tobin: …pricing is in. As we cycle the older inventory that is valued higher, you have got -- in Q4 and Q1 it was dilutive. It gets to neutrality, slightly positive and then it flips all things, assuming we get all the product out the door positive from there. So the growth rate for the full year, one could assume is somewhere in the 5% to 6% price-related and the balance being volume. But as you know, mix here, because of the diversity of the portfolio is going be quite different likely.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And then sort of a second question, how -- European growth was surprisingly robust this quarter sequentially, given all the news in Ukraine, how has your view changed on Europe and for the second half? And also maybe broadly, are we banking on North American growth and maybe less Asia and European growth in 2022? So your specific plan be just sort of mix between North America and the rest of the world? Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I mean, the economic environment in Europe is a risk. But we can only look, the good news is that our backlogs in Europe are not as high as they are in North America, but they still remain good and our expectation is that we would ship off that, but clearly, we are going to watch order rates in Europe from here, if one adopts a scenario of the demand function in Europe getting worse from here. Look, Andrew, I mean, we could think of 100 different reasons to kind of tap down expectations for this year, whether that be, what’s going to happen with COVID in Asia. What’s going to happen with Russia, Ukraine in Europe? We are not assuming continued strength in the dollar versus some of our other trading currencies. But I think that would be a copout and it’s too early to tell here. The good -- we are looking -- the challenge for us is to get the product shipped profitably from here. And that is up to us in the productivity side and it’s up to us to work the supply chain things like crazy. But as I said in my prepared comments, we do this business-by-business and we are on it, right, in terms of tearing apart order rates and making sure that we don’t get over our skis from a working capital perspective or anything else and we will see how it goes. Right now, we believe that we can meet our forecast for the year.
Andrew Obin: Well, great. I appreciate that. I also appreciate the bookings [ph] early in the earnings season. Thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question will come from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just wanted to start off with Imaging & ID, as I don’t think that division has been touched on much yet, you took down the sales guide slightly, but had very good order growth actually in Q1 versus other businesses. So maybe help us understand on that revenue outlook, how much is just that soft start to the year on sales. Also, I think, there would be more conversation in your prepared remarks around component shortages in DII than perhaps what we have heard three months to six months ago, so any color around that. And how do we think about the margins kind of flipping around there may be as those shortages ease?
Richard Tobin: Well, I will take the last one first. I think that we said that margins are going be stable on the full year. Look, we did have circuit board shortages in Q1, bad on us. And that was partially due by the fact that we sourced those from Asia, so the Asia lockdowns and we had to shut our production factory in Shanghai -- which is in Shanghai during the quarter. So we will pick up as much as we can out of there. To a certain extent, the geographical mix on that business is more levered towards consumer production in Europe. So we are being a bit cautious in the demand function, and, again, I don’t want to bring up this translation issue again, but that’s part of it also. So, overall, I mean, this is a business that grows low-to-mid single digits at pretty much constant margins, although I will give the management team a lot of credit, over the last couple years, they have driven margins up nicely, our expectation for this year, probably that kind of performance, low single-digit growth at healthy margins and excellent cash flow. But it’s going be a little choppy base on macro and supply chain.
Julian Mitchell: That’s helpful. Thank you. And then maybe a question on inventories, one more for Brad and one for you, Rich. But, I guess, Dover’s own inventories, you had the big working capital headwind, free cash flow was very soft in Q1. How quickly does that reverse? And then maybe for Rich, what we often hear from a lot of multi-industry companies is their own inventories are sky high, their customer distributed inventories are rock bottom. Maybe help us understand how you see that delta today regarding Dover?
Richard Tobin: Okay. You want me to take it first?
Brad Cerepak: Go ahead. Sure.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. All right. As a portfolio comment, we do not believe that our inventories are reflective of our distribution network inventories. Meaning pretty much what we ship out the door kind of passes through distribution. Our inventories are high, clearly, but so is our backlog, right? So the way that we look at those inventories is. Before -- I am just talking about physical inventory before we get into working capital, that’s something else. But to the extent that we ship that backlog, which we have every intention of doing that those inventories will moderate. And you also need to take into account that inflation has an impact on absolute dollar value of inventories, right? So it’s very nice that everybody’s talking about raising prices and everything else. But that needs to be taken into account when you look at year-over-year change in inventory because the absolute value of that inventory has gone up significantly.
Brad Cerepak: And I think the only thing I would add is the sequence of cash flow is more like it’s been in years past, which is fourth quarter being our highest quarter of cash flow and we will progressively pace through the year where we will see free cash flow increase from Q2 into Q4. But, again, I think, as Rich said, we -- and we said in our prepared comments, the balance sheet will have some liquidation to it in the sense of we had very high receivables because of the high shipments in March coming off of a low January. So just time wise, the collection period falls into the second quarter and then you also have inventory which will continue, I think, to come down over the course of the year as we ship across the backlog.
Julian Mitchell: That’s perfect. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question will come from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Hi.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Rich, do you think you will need any more price this year, I know there’s been some lumpiness in some of the input costs, particularly things like freight over the past 90 days. But maybe like freight surcharge aside, are you guys where you need to be on price?
Richard Tobin: Yeah. You should hear the yelling and screaming that goes on about pricing sometimes around here.
Josh Pokrzywinski: I listen to the calls, there’s plenty.
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I don’t think so. I think that any pricing from here, especially in the capital goods side, is going be surcharge and not absolute price. But we will see. I mean, if you tell me what the trajectory of inflation’s going be over the balance of the year. I mean, that’s one of the watch points. I mean, I think, what good news, bad news on inflation, is the way that we look at it, is inflation looks to be moderating, except the fact that we have got a trillion plus of infrastructure and American Rescue Plan coming our way. And what does that mean? It’s hard to say right now. I think, the good news is, does that -- is that good from the demand point of view in certain business like ours? Yes, it is, right, because it’s where we have got a big portion of our portfolio that’s tied to CapEx. What does that mean from an inflation point of view? All bets are off there. So it’s an interesting dynamic. I don’t, so I guess to answer your question is, I think that we are going to be very selective from here and if it’s commodity price driven, it’s likely to be surcharge based.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Super helpful. And then some nuisance on the margin kind of expectations from here, especially with the traffic light commentary in the slide deck. Relative to where we were coming out of fourth quarter, any change to how you see either the full year or the cadence in DP or DPPS?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, look, that was in, perhaps, DPPS, like, biopharma demand is probably intra-year going to be a bit light. So I think that nobody should fall out of their chairs if order rates go down there some. The balance of that portfolio is actually order rates are picking up quite nicely. Now that’s slightly dilutive to biopharma, but not to the extent where people saying that we are over earning and we are going to go back to historical margins. So I think if you go back and take a look at transcript, I’d say that, 30% plus is the new normal here. So we will be able to absorb it. Where we are looking and I will -- where we are looking for and it should make sense when you go back and take a look at the calendarization of earnings last year, where we are looking for absolute profit performance, 2022 versus 2021 is in Engineered Products, Clean Energy and into the Climate side of the business. We are not looking for a lot of year-over-year incremental profit from the other two segments. There’s going be some, but that’s not going to be the principle driver, because, quite frankly, those two businesses more or less sailed through 2021.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our final question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So I dropped off for 10 minutes, so I apologize if I am repeating any questions here. But your configuration margins, sorry, the Clean -- I can’t remember the new name of the segment. But best margin since -- 1Q margin since 2013. So, curious maybe you have talked about significant margin expansion this year in that segment. Just wondering, do you think we are going to be in mid-teens zone for the full year?
Richard Tobin: Oh! For the segment? Sure.
Nigel Coe: Yeah. Okay. And then -- nice quick answer there. And then turning back to the Fuel, and sorry, I should know these by now, shouldn’t I, but the Clean...
Richard Tobin: Yeah. Yeah. I know what you are talking about. Go.
Nigel Coe: You called out mix as a significant headwind there, and obviously, the weather impact on the production facility. Given the acquisitions of RegO and Acme, I mean, I thought they were low-20s EBITDA margins, Rich. So just wondering, is there any seasonality to those businesses or was the mix impact elsewhere more than offsetting that contribution from those acquisitions?
Richard Tobin: Well, you answered the question. Yes, there is seasonality in the acquired businesses. Q1 is actually the lowest margin quarter. So supply chain and COVID issues aside in Q1, the -- what we expect is we rollout of EMV demand in Q2, which is probably the peak for EMV demand for last year, which is margin accretive, but we basically offset that over the balance of the year and then some through the acquired revenue and profits and the fact that our underground business and vehicle wash and everything else start shipping significantly through the year and that’s against a comp in the second half of last year where it was weak.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then maybe just one more, a question we are getting a fair amount, not just for Dover but across the group. U.S. CapEx and just maybe it’s a question for Brad. Are you -- within your CapEx budgets, are you shifting more CapEx into the U.S. relative to elsewhere?
Brad Cerepak: No. Not significantly, although CapEx is -- in our growth-oriented businesses, if you think about the ones we are talking about that have the higher growth profiles, that’s where the CapEx is.
Nigel Coe: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover’s first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are, Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you, [Tani] [Ph]. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. This call will be available on our Web site for playback through February 17, and the audio portion will be archived for three months. Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our Web site. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements that are subject to uncertainties and risks. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K and our most recent Form 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thank you, Andrey, and good morning, everyone. Let's start on page three. We are thankful for the extraordinary efforts of our Dover team members which enabled us to deliver strong operating results amidst challenging conditions during 2021. We are also grateful to our customers who trusted us with their business while adapting their supply chains and business models to this rapidly changing and demanding environment. The resilience and creativity of our teams and the durability of our customer relationships were the key elements of our success this year, and we are committed to build upon those pillars in 2022, and mobilized to deliver another strong year of performance. All right, let's go on to the quarterly and full-year results. We delivered strong and better than expected results in fourth quarter and the full-year, posting organic revenue growth of 11% and 15%, respectively. Our margin conversion for the year was strong, and we delivered segment margin increase of over 200 basis points for the year, driven by volume growth, productivity gains, and our center-led enterprise capabilities. We are satisfied with this accomplishment in the face of the well-chronicled input shortages, supply chain constraints, and COVID-driven quarantines and absenteeism that became increasingly challenging during the Omicron period of Q4. As we mentioned in the opening remarks, we battled through as best we could under the circumstances, but we cannot help but be very frustrated by the continuing guidance on mandates and deadlines. It seems, often, that we have learned very little in the past 24 months. We complimented our strong operational execution with value-creating organic and inorganic growth investments. We deployed $1.1 billion in nine highly strategic bolt-on acquisitions, and also completed the divestiture of our non-core food service equipment platform, on December 1. These investments advanced our deliberate strategy to expand into markets with secular growth opportunities. Recognizing the recent changes to our portfolio and to better reflect the nature of the markets and customers served by our businesses, as well as the contributions to revenue, growth, and profits, we have changed the name of our Fueling Solutions segment to Clean Energy and Fueling, and our Refrigeration and Food Equipment segment to Climate and Sustainability Technologies. Looking ahead to 2022, we enter the year with constructive optimism despite the ever-evolving operating environment and geopolitical clouds. We believe that growth conditions are still with us, but it is critical that policies are enacted or not enacted to continue this trajectory. A methodical monetary tightening is deemed necessary, and I agree that it is. I would urge caution on the pace of any policy decisions in the regulatory environment or taxation if one wants to preserve GDP expansion trajectory. As COVID and its effects subside, we desperately need policy pragmatism with a bias towards policy that foster economic growth. Demand conditions across the majority of the portfolio remain favorable as evidenced by our strong sustained bookings in the fourth quarter and throughout the year, with the book-to-bill each quarter above one, even with the aforementioned double-digit revenue growth. Our backlog, of $3.2 billion, is up 84% versus this time last year, which allows us to better plan our capacity, production, and inventory; a major benefit in today's constrained operating environment. While we expect these operational challenges in supply chain and labor availability to continue into early '22, we do not expect operating conditions -- we do expect operating conditions and price material spreads to improve as the year progresses. We believe we are well-positioned to deliver robust top line growth, margin expansion, and EPS accretion in 2022. We are therefore forecasting full-year revenue guidance of 7% to 9% organic growth, and adjusted EPS of $8.45 to $8.65 per share. I will skip slide four, which provides more a more detailed overview of the results, so let's go on to slide five. Engineered Products revenue was up 16% organically in the quarter as demand remained favorable across all businesses. Vehicle Services posted a strong top line quarter, and market indicators remain positive. Environmental Services Group revenue was up year-over-year; with both bookings and backlog remain robust moving into 2022. Industrial Automation demand remained high, posting its strongest bookings quarter of the year, while deliveries were negatively impacted by output challenges in America and Europe. Aerospace and Defense posted a solid year-over-year growth, with good momentum behind our recent Espy acquisition, the recovery of industrial winches continues with all end markets trending positive. Despite the heightened demand, margin performance in the segment remains negatively impacted by the combination of input cost inflation and input shortages, with notable impact from COVID-related absenteeism, particularly late in the quarter where we ran at over 20% rates, in some instances, at the height of Omicron. In the fourth quarter, Engineered Products was the only segment that had a negative price cost spread, largely driven by raw materials and logistics costs. This remains our most challenged segment in the current operating environment that we have line of sight to improve margin outlook as the price cost spread turns positive in 2022. Incremental margin conversion is expected to gain steam through the year as we cycle through inventory, and we begin shipping off a strong backlog that was priced in the second-half of 2021. Clean Energy & Fueling was down 4% organically in the quarter against a difficult comparable from 2020, when we saw the high watermark of EMV demand. Additionally, volume was constrained by our customers' construction, labor slowdown, and component shortages, as well as COVID absenteeism in Europe. Booking trends and backlog in the aboveground business remain constructive, based on early market feedback and trajectory we believe that we have a winning pro with the Anthem dispenser. Conversely, demand trends for belowground equipment have picked up in North America, and deliveries and vehicle wash continued their upward trend most notably in access terminal and controller business that we acquired a year ago. Our recent Clean Energy acquisitions had a minimal impact on our Q4 results. However, backlogs in these businesses are strong. Margins were down in the quarter, primarily due to the lower volumes, product mix, absenteeism-driven inefficiencies and loss fixed-cost absorption. Full-year results in this business were strong and better than we initially forecasted early in the year on robust growth, productivity and favorable mix. Sales in Imaging & Identification grew 3% organically. The core marketing and coding business was strong on comparable volume though a short of components on some -- and some order push outs reduced volumes in printers. Our serialization and brand management software business continues to grow ahead of expectations when we're working diligently to add additional resources here, as we integrate and scale the business. The digital textile business continues its gradual recovery, and was up against a low bar comparable quarter, but it is still not recovered to pre-COVID levels. Q4 margins in Imaging & ID improved by 40 basis points year-over-year, as mix and price more than offset cost inflation and input availability issues. Full-year results were strong. The segment delivered 8% organic growth and 170 basis points of margin expansion are good volumes and productivity initiatives. Pumps & Process Solutions posted another strong quarter at 30% organic growth. Revenue for our CPC business was up double digits. We completed a clean room expansion project for this business in December, and anticipation of another strong growth year in 2022. Industrial and biopharma pumps were up on broad based end customer demand across all geographies.  We are pleased with the performance of the flow meter business within Em-tec, which we acquired in 2020, its biopharma sales have doubled in 2021. Precision component was up as the business continues its recovering on improving demand in their broader industry exposure. Polymer Processing was up in the quarter due to strong demand for palletizers and gear pumps as well as strong order rates and recycling equipment and consumables particularly in the U.S. and China. Margins expanded by a robust 740 basis points in the quarter and 790 basis points in the year on strong volumes, fixed cost absorption, favorable product mix and pricing. Top line results in Climate & Sustainability Technologies continue to be robust posting 13% organic growth. SWEP our heat exchange of business capped off the year, posting all-time records and bookings revenue and margin and carries a strong backlog into 2022. The business was strong across all geographies and end markets with particularly favorable demand in the EMEA for heat pumps, driven by regulatory requirements. We have been adding additional capacity in several geographies to meet forecasted future demand. Belvac, our provider production solutions for beverage packaging posted a revenue decline in the fourth quarter on difficult comparable driven by project timing. As we know, this business was up significantly in 2021, part of a multi-year secular shift toward more environmentally friendly aluminum cans with demand far exceeding the current installed capacity. Demand in our food retail business remains robust with elevated bookings and backlog levels. Our systems business in the U.S. and Europe continued its robust growth in deliveries and orders for natural CO2 refrigeration systems. Demand for door cases remained elevated as well. However, we continue to face labor constraints and subcomponent supply shortages that delayed shipments which necessitated intermitted production curtailments negatively impacting margins. We've instituted a number of price increases, which we expect to positively contribute to margins and conversion into 2022. Margins were flat, largely flat as the quarter as excellent operating performances swept, offset refrigeration headwinds despite the smaller revenue base. This segment demonstrated good progress in 2021, 22% of growth after a very modest 3% decline in 2020 and 230 basis point margin expansion despite multiple operational challenges as the year presented. With a strong backlog, we expect a continued robust progress in 2022. And I'll pass it on to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich, and good morning everyone. Let's go to slide six. On the top is the Revenue Bridge. Our top line organic revenue increased by 11% in the quarter, with all segments, except Clean Energy & Fuel posting growth. FX was a 1% or 12 million headwind to the top line, M&A added $17 million net to the to the top line in the quarter, a product of $26 million from acquisitions partially offset by $9 million from the Unified Brands divestiture. The revenue breakdown by geography reflects strong growth in North American and Asia, and solid growth across Europe and the rest of the world. The U.S., our largest market posted 16% organic growth in the quarter on solid trading conditions and industrial [wrenches] [Ph], vehicle aftermarket, biopharma, and polymer processing. All of Asia was up 15% organically, and growth in biopharma, industrial pumps, marketing, coding, and heat exchangers. China, which represents approximately half of our business in Asia, was up 17% organically in the quarter. Europe grew by 7% in the quarter on strong shipments and precision components, biopharma, industrial pumps, natural refrigerant systems, and heat exchangers for heat pumps, partially offset by order timing in sustainable beverage can making. Moving to the bottom of the page, bookings were up 22% organically in the quarter, reflecting continued broad-based momentum across the portfolio. Bookings helped drive our consolidated backlog to $3.2 billion, up 15% sequentially, inclusive of backlogs from our recent acquisitions. In the quarter, we saw organic growth across four of the five segments. Let's go to the earning bridges on slide seven. On the top chart, adjusting segment EBIT was up $47 million and adjusted EBIT margin improved 60 basis points as improved volumes continued productivity initiatives and strategic pricing offset input cost inflation and production stoppages. On the bottom of the chart, adjusted net earnings improved by $34 million as higher segment EBIT more than offset higher corporate expenses and higher taxes. Deal expenses primarily related to our clean energy acquisitions were 11 million in the quarter, representing approximately $0.06 of adjusted EPS headwind. The effective tax rate, excluding discrete tax benefits and gains on the sale of businesses was approximately 21.7% for the quarter compared to 21.1% in the prior year. Discrete tax benefits were $10.3 million for the quarter, or $2.1 million higher than 2020, for approximately $0.01 year over year EPS impact. After-tax right-sizing and other costs were 22 million in the quarter reflective of our ongoing productivity and right-sizing initiatives, including non-cash asset charges of approximately $16 million. Now on slide eight. In 2021, we generated $944 million of free cash flow, a slight increase over the prior year. Free cash flow conversion stands at 12% of revenue for the year despite and over $300 million investment in working capital. As we discussed last quarter, we remain focused on delivering against our customer's strong order rates, and we are carrying high inventory levels to ensure we can meet the current demand into next year. With that, I'm going to pass it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Okay, thanks, Brad. I'm on slide nine, which shows our progress in 2021 against the capital allocation priorities we outlined at our Investor Day in 2019. We have a strong collection of businesses, and our first priority is ensuring we can continue to win in the market through organic investments, supporting growth capacity, digitization, innovation, and productivity. We deployed over $170 million capital expenditure in 2021 towards growth and productivity enhancements, as well as maintenance of our asset base. Notably, we invested over $14 million in digital products and digital and e-commerce, which allow us to reach our goal of over 1 billion in e-commerce revenue last year with no touch by customer service. This represents over 10 times the volume we processed in 2018. And our 2020 goal is to double our 2021 volume. Our next priority is inorganic growth. Last year, we deployed 1.1 billion into nine highly synergistic bolt-on acquisitions including two larger deals Acme, and RegO, which we closed in December. All these acquisitions enhance our portfolio by increasing our exposure to markets with structural demand, growth, outlook. Our pipeline, and acquisition capacity remains strong and we expect to remain active on this front in 2022. Our third priority is to return capital to our shareholders that we again raised our dividend in 2021 as we have done for the past 66 years Let's move to Slide 10, we provide more color and some of our organic investments. So, I won't go into the specifics any of these projects individually, but you'll see that our investments are substantial in size and represent a broad variety of productivity improvement and digitization initiatives as well as investments and capacity expansion, and new product development projects. These investments provide compelling financial returns and our proactive capacity expansions have allowed us to win share in the tight supply market. Slide 11 includes our current view of demand outlook and operational environment for 2022 by summit segment and how margin drivers are expected to trend over time and provides context of how we're thinking about our full-year guidance, which I'll get to shortly. We expect top line and engineered products to remain robust based on solid backlog and sustain high bookings across the business. All market indicators and vehicle aftermarket continue to remain positive and miles driven having fully recovered to pre-pandemic levels and used cars prices remaining elevated. Orders for rough use trucks and software solutions are robust, with new order rates pushing well into the second-half of '22, momentum and industrial automation and industrial witches should continue on the back of the solid bookings quarter of all end markets contributing to growth aerospace and defense is expecting growth on positive order trends largely driven by Europe. We expect headwinds from negative cost to continue in the first-half of the year getting sequentially better as the year progressed. We expect this segment to be the only one with negative price cost spread in the first quarter. Input availability, mostly labor absenteeism, freeze from recent Omicron surge is expected to negatively impact production efficiency in the first quarter, but should subside for the balance of the year. All in we expect margins for the segment in the first-half of the year to largely mirror the second-half of '21, then to improve meaningfully for the full-year driven by volume leverage and pricing. We expect clean energy and fueling to post low single-digit organic growth for the full-year on solid growth and below ground vehicle wash and software solutions. Demand outlook and bookings of our recently acquired clean energy businesses are very robust and they are off to a good start. As you know, we don't adjust acquisition related amortization out of our adjusted segment earnings margins due to sizable acquisition related amortization charges from our recent deals in the segment, the operating margin will be compressed in the first quarter of 2022. Excluding about 40 million of incremental deal-related amortization expenses and '22, we expect full-year margin conversion to be in line with broader portfolio. Demand conditions in imaging and identification are expected to continue the positive trajectory into 2022. Our core marketing and coding business expect to maintain its steady GDP like growth rate, serialization and brand protection software should contribute positively to robust -- on robust bookings and backlog. Digital textile printing is recovering and is expect to take another year or two to reach pre-pandemic levels as apparel producers take a cautious stance with new capital outlays. We expect margin in the segment to continue to improve in 2022. Pumps and process solutions should see another year of solid performance. Demand for biopharma applications remains robust driven by demand for COVID vaccines, as well as growth in cell and gene therapies and expansion of MRNA technology to other applications. We are completing the second phase of our cleanroom expansions and automation to ensure we can keep up with demand and we have broken ground on the construction of a new facility. Additionally, our connector business is experiencing robust growth in new thermal applications such as data center and supercomputing and EV charging. Trading conditions and industrial pumps are strong driven by robust and customer demand, plastics and polymers equipment business carries a solid backlog into 2022 with good market conditions and visibility especially in China, the U.S. and recycling solutions. Precision components continued its upward trajectory aided by OEM new builds and increasing activities at refineries and petrochemical plants. We expect margin performance to remain robust for the segment on volume growth, operational execution and positive price cost dynamics and climate and sustainability technologies we expect to post high single digit organic growth this year driven by its large backlog, and sustained elevated order rates, new orders and core food retail business have been healthy across product segments and the tailwinds from our leadership position and natural refrigerants are driving outsized growth of our CO2 systems business. As Omicron induced labor shortages abate in the first quarter, we expect volumes of door cases to recover with backlog stretching well into the second-half of the year. Our heat exchanger businesses positioned well on strong order rates across all geographies. Our Belvac packaging business continues to work through its record backlog. They are booked for 2022 and are taking orders for 2023. We expect to have our new R&D center and full can line completed in the first-half of the year. We expect margins to improve significantly in 2022. As improved volume leverage positive, price cost dynamics, productivity gains from our automation initiatives, and positive product and business mix should more than offset any lingering operational challenges related to component and labor shortages in the first quarter. All right, so before wrapping up and move into Q&A, let's try to square the circle here and sum up all the moving parts from our 2021 position to our full-year guidance. At the opening of this call, I said our results were better than expected. That was not a reference to external consensus estimates, but a comment about our operating margin performance versus our internal forecasts. Without the significant Omicron production and productivity losses which were not in our base forecast, we would have shipped more product in Q4 resulting in higher sales and cash flow, but lower consolidated margin on product mix. As a result of this, while we do get the benefit of carrying higher backlogs into 2022, we have not cleared as much higher cost inventory and have not realized all the benefits of past pricing actions embedded in that backlog. This will result in the calendar re-visitation of absolute earnings and earnings growth and especially segment operating margin being more back end loaded. And a typical year as a result of this date delayed backlog for us. A few implications of this dynamic, number one we approved an operating margin expectations for Q1 and encourage those modeling quarterly forecasts to exercise the same level of prudence. Number two, it is a good sign of backlogs gradually deplete during the year as it will be driven by higher production performance as labor availability and supply chains improve. Lastly, if both these dynamics play out as forecasted, we can expect inventory levels to drop supporting increased operating cash flow in 2022. So let's move to slide 13, which hopefully removes the quarterly noise and gives us some view of post pandemic full-year performance. Here we provide a bridge between our adjusted EPS in 2021 and 2022. We expect to generate double-digit EPS growth again this year driven by solid organic top line growth, much of which is currently in backlog as well as healthy full-year margin conversion and the positive impact from acquisition close in 2021. And so let's wrap up to Slide 14 to put our results and guide into the longer-term perspective. Our strategy has driven significant value creation for our shareholders over the last several years, as evidenced by the total shareholder return driven by underappreciated top line growth, cumulative margin expansion of 440 basis points, healthy cash flow generation and capital redeployment. We believe that our playbook offers us significant runway to continue delivering attractive cycle requirements over the coming years. And with that let us move to the Q&A. Andrey?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Scott Davis with Melius Research. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Scott.
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Scott.
Scott Davis: There was a lot of detail on there, and I'd be lying if I said I followed every single word. But maybe we can start with just a little bit more color. It seems like this absenteeism and cost issues kind of lingering into 1Q here. Is it getting -- are things getting any better or are they just as bad now as they were kind of in 4Q -- 
Richard Tobin: Well, I guess -- yes, I guess, now that we've disposed with the federal mandate, hopefully, I mean that was not helpful at all, it is getting better. I think that the quarantine period being halved has helped. So, it's not as bad as the peak, which was probably in December, but it is lingering somewhat into January, but it's not as bad.
Scott Davis: This cash flow guide is pretty solid. Does that imply there's going to be some work-down on working capital or are you at working capital levels that are kind of more, I would say, new normal given the supply chain messes out there or do you have some flush-out in '22?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean I -- look, we expected to ship that. Now, whether we would have been caught up in receivables, who is to say? But my view is we would have expected to maybe have a slight increase in inventory based on the revenue. But our expectation for 2022, if we get this right, which we expect we will, is that we're going to give back that build net of revenue increase for the year. So, I expect to do better in working capital in 2022 than we did in '21.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, I would just add I think we have a modest forecast of inventory drawdown. Depending on how the year progresses, there could be come incremental there.
Scott Davis: Good luck, guys. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go now to Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: You guys should change your name to Dover Technologies or something like that, or soft -- actually not now because the growth is now selling off, so, say, maybe something different. The change in the name is interesting though. Does that mean you're keeping refrigeration?
Richard Tobin: Yes, it's in our forecast for 2022.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Richard Tobin: Look, at the end of the day is we can't call it Food Equipment anymore since we disposed of the food equipment business. So, by and large, we had to rename it. The fact of the matter is, and I don't want to get cheeky about ESG-driven nomenclature here, is that the fastest growing portions of that segment are in sustainability technologies, it's SWEP, and our CO2 systems, and Belvac, which are all driven, we would argue, by a shift to meet ESG compliance, whether that's regulatory-driven or driven by other matters. So, I get it, it looks a little bit cheeky on our part, but it is what's growing within the portfolio.
Steve Tusa: Yes. And then, you mentioned, I think, asking us to use prudence in our modeling is a lot to ask, I think. Can you be a little more specific about kind of like first quarter, maybe even second quarter kind of dynamics on sales and margins?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think that that first quarter will look more or less like Q4. I think that it'll move around a little bit, segment by segment, and I would imagine a little bit better than Q4. But, at the end of the day, some of the headwinds we had in Q4 we're going to carry into Q1, a lot of that driven by, as Scott asked, the lingering effects of absenteeism, which we're still dealing with a little bit right now. Logistics costs haven't come down a lot. But more importantly, because of our inability to flush backlog in Q4, what we would have expected to be catching up on price cost dynamic is a bit delayed. But that's all -- that's all incorporate into our -- the full-year number.
Steve Tusa: Yes. And what do you mean by that as on an absolutely basis, what you're talking about?
Richard Tobin: Yes, on an absolute basis.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin: All right, thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Jeff Sprague: Hey. Just back on the new Clean Tech segment, whether or not the refrigeration stays or go, I wouldn't expect you to address today, Rich, necessarily. But do you actually see scope to do some additions in that area? You have legitimately transformed the Fueling segment, right, with some interesting deals. Are there kinds of logical extensions to SWEP or Belvac or other things that are adjacent to those businesses that could be in your M&A pipeline?
Richard Tobin: There are. But the beauty of those two businesses is the fact that they're so concentrated in terms of the supply base. So, there's not a lot of M&A you can really do. But if you look where we've been spending organic capital, we've actually been deploying proportionately quite a bit to SWEP and Belvac on organic capacity expansion. So, I'm not ruling M&A out because there are some interesting adjacencies around it, but what we've been doing is just investing behind growth. And I think that SWEP will be finishing, in 2022, an expansion in all four of the geographies they participate in, for example. And I think that we've put in 15 years worth of CapEx into Belvac over the last 18 months or so. So, it's more of organic play, I think.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. And just on the pumps business, I mean the results really are quite remarkable. To what extent would you say there's temporary COVID benefits running through biopharma or do you just see more of kind of a broader wave of investment and displacement of kind of, maybe, non-disposable technologies and other things driving that business? So, I guess the question is really just around the sustainability of these growth rates?
Richard Tobin: Yes, well, the growth rates are going to come down. I mean let's call a spade a spade here. I mean, everything get clocked in for, what, 30% for the year, something like that. So, they're going to come down over time. And we don't have that kind of growth rate for that business embedded into our forecast for 2022. We also do not embed in our forecast any margin dilution because of COVID demand roll-off, because we think that the fundamental demand for the -- for those products is solid. And I would have hoped that [Danaher] [Ph] could have done a better job talking about it since they are a market participant in the same space. We believe that the growth rate will come down as COVID demand begins to roll off. We don't envision it going negative in '22, nor do we think that margins are going to be negatively impacted.
Jeff Sprague: And maybe just last one, just back on price cost. So, it sounds like the entire company should be price-cost positive in Q2. Is that correct? And when you're talking about price-cost I guess flipping into the positive, are we talking dollars, margins, or both?
Richard Tobin: The answer to the first question is yes, so the entire company in Q2. And yes again in terms of margin enhancement, especially in Engineered Products.
Jeff Sprague: Great, thanks for the color.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hey, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Hey. Just a question in terms of just [hopes on] [Ph] biopharma and just internal organic CapEx opportunities versus M&A, just how much growth can you drive organically by expanding biopharma capacity? And just thinking beyond COVID, do you think there is a real opportunity there?
Richard Tobin: I hope so since we're greenfielding a new facility for it right now, as we speak. Yes, look, I mean we were not able to keep up with customer demand in '21. I think that we did better than some of our competitors, meaning, I think, that we captured growth opportunities. But even with that capture, I think that we were, at certain points of the year disappointing our customers with our ability to serve. So, that was what drove the decision about expanding capacity. And I think, we greenfield the facility up in Minneapolis in 2019, it's sold out. So, that's why we're expanding there. And in our disposable pump business in Germany, we are bringing assembly operations with expansion to clean room in the United States for that particular product. So, our preferred path is inorganic investment to dry growth, because that's where our returns are the highest, but having, and as we've discussed many times, look, there's no secret that these are really interesting pieces of the market and they attract very high pricing. So, we're going to have to be selective on the M&A side. I think we have some interesting things that we're looking at for sure, but I think that we can do this simultaneously inorganic and organic.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just a question on your business model, a, you're growing the e-commerce sales, I think over $1 billion, imagine you getting some sales efficiencies, but just a, how far can you take this model? And b, is there a generally greater structural ability to go direct to customers versus through distribution post-COVID? Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Well, let me answer the second one -- second question first, because it's easier. No, I don't think -there's a -- our plan here is not to go around distribution. Our plan here to put in e-commerce platforms is a couple things, right? I mean, it's a cost savings issue, but I think clearly the real benefit of moving to e-commerce platform form is the S&OP process gets a lot slicker inventory management gets a lot better and you can centralize pricing rather than having distributed pricing around the world. So, yes, it's a bit of cost savings, but the real benefit is operational over time and it's not a kind of go-to-market platform and we expect to continue to sell through distribution.
Andrew Obin: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, everyone. Rich, maybe you can give us a little more color into your confidence level that margin can turn more positive in DP. Do you need your productivity projects in ESG and VSG to complete before you get the margin turn? And then the business obviously is steel heavy. So, with steel rolling a bit here, does it give you more confidence in the turn into just a lag as some of the businesses backlog driven?
Richard Tobin: We were negative price cost for 2021 because of the catch up on the raw material versus price because the cycle time in terms of the inventory turns is just more difficult. Look putting the labor issues aside. So, on that alone, we've priced for raw materials inbound through the year, which we believe rolls positive in Q2 based on our forecast for production performance. And what that does, all things being equal is go back to historical operating margins that you would see from ESG and VSG back in the 2019 pre-COVID period as kind of expectation number one. The investments we're making are longer term investments that should be accretive to that '19 kind of benchmark, but we will get that over time. So, we may see some of that in '21 or in '22, but that's going to take some period of time. We're re-outfitting both of the main plants for those businesses.
Andy Kaplowitz: Got it. And then, I'm going to ask you the old bookings question in the sense that bookings did not slow as you thought. I think we all understand that bookings will slow, but do you see an environment at least right now where the high level of bookings you're seeing is relatively sustainable? And how do we think about whether there is conservatism in your new '22 organic guide versus the backlog that's up obviously over 80%?
Richard Tobin: Nothing like going first, I bet that -- I bet our revenue guide is not conservative when we're all said and done here, but I'll take your question anyway. Look bookings are going to slow. I mean, we've got businesses that are relatively short cycle that are bit booking into Q3. I mean, it's just inexplicable to me that there's any even need for our customers to go be beyond there at this point, right. I think we're going to get hit and it better happen, because if it doesn't happen, that means that supply chain issues are not resolving ourselves in '22 and we expect that to get progressively better. So, strangely, it's going to be a good thing if bookings decline in '22, relative to the rate that we saw in '21.
Andy Kaplowitz: Very helpful. Thanks, Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: We'll going now to Mircea Dobre with Baird. Your line is open.
Mircea Dobre: Yes. Thank you. Just sort of sticking with this theme on supply chain, I'm curious as to what you're seeing as far as your own components and your own purchases in terms of availability. I would imagine that, EP is probably the area where you're seeing the biggest challenge, but I'm kind of curious, one how that's changing into some of the other segments that might be experiencing this as well.
Richard Tobin: I don't think that there's any segment that's immune to it. It's just -- if you step back and you think about the nature of the product, anything that's capital goods like has got a lot of raw material exposure, and it's got a lot of complexity because just the size and the dimension of the product, as opposed to something like a connector that's made out of injection multi-plastic at the end of the day, that's more of a capacity constraint and maybe some logistics. So, the locus of the issue on supply chain is very much within engineered products, but it's not to say end-to-end refrigeration because that is more -- refrigeration in terms of its business model is more applicable to what goes on in engineered products than anything else. So, it's not as bad as it was. And it's getting better. We would've liked to see it get better in terms of logistics cost to come down. And we're seeing some of that, but we'd like to see that curve get better. We are -- if you look at our working capital number, we have built a bunch of inventory and the reason we built -- partially, the reason we built all that inventory is to get around the intermittent curtailments of production, which really cost us a lot of money. So, our goal here is, we're assuming that production curtailments are going to come down a lot versus 2021 and 2022, and then logistics and supply chain will gradually get better through the year. Those are the underlying assumptions.
Mircea Dobre: Okay. But it sounds like you're seeing some of this already. It's not just aspirational hoping for it. Some of this is getting a little bit better.
Richard Tobin: No, I mean, we can look at the futures on raw materials and steel and bar and everything else. Those are -- we can buy those inputs at lower prices than we have them in inventory right now.
Mircea Dobre: And related to that, my final question here, how do you think about pricing beyond 2022, because obviously, you have raised prices because of raw material inflation? Does that imply that you're going to have to give pricing back in '23 or not?
Richard Tobin: That's a good question. And our expectation is we did not re-price our backlog, as it was built to the detriment of our margins, nor will we re-price our backlog the other way as input costs come down.
Mircea Dobre: All right, thank you.
Richard Tobin: Welcome.
Operator: We'll go now to Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe just wanted to circle back to the sort of incremental margins you have that 30% or placeholder for the year. From a firm wide standpoint, sounds like understandably that starts out year at the lower end and then builds, but maybe looking at it from a segment standpoints, should we assume that the incremental margins by division sort of tally up reasonably closely with the differing organic growth profile this year?
Richard Tobin: Let me answer it, the best I can. I think the businesses that had detrimental margins in as are between in '21 are where we expect proportionally the biggest recovery in '22. We -- so and I think if you go back and look at the granularity, the comments that I mean that long winded explanation, I gave it the beginning, so and then we don't expect for margins to comedown in some of our higher performing businesses. So, the incremental margins there will be at book margin. We don't give out growth rate by business and/or segments, so you're going to have to make some assumptions there, but we give you backlog and everything else and we give you the full-year. So, I think it's safe to say, we expect robust incremental margins where we suffered in the claim one and we expect book conversion on revenue growth in the businesses that did well in '21.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you.
Brad Cerepak: The only thing I would add to that is that we got to be a little bit. Andrey and Jack could help with this. There's a little bit of effort around the acquisitions impact on conversion. So, when we give a range there, we think about that range, pre those impacts that we've disclosed in the script we had, which was $40 million for the year, depending on how you're doing your calculations that can impact conversion.
Richard Tobin: Very good point.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you, Brad. And then maybe my second question, just when we were looking at sort of pricing you met, you talked about pricing beyond 2022, but maybe stick with 2023 for now. I suppose it was a two-and-a-half or three-point tailwind to revenue from wide last year, just wondered within that 8% organic sales growth midpoint guide for this year. How much of that roughly is price and a big sort of first-half, second-half difference on that price tailwind?
Richard Tobin: Yes. We had a long discussion here, preparing for this call that question was going to come? And I think my answer to that is I'm not going there. You're asking me to predict mix into the future. I think that we have it here. At the end of the day, I just don't think it's meaningful in terms of putting a placeholder out there. The fact of the matter is we've got robust organic revenue growth, a part of that is price. But does it really make a difference if it's two and a quarter percent, or a percent and a half at this juncture? I would argue not and beyond '23, I know that Mig asked the question about pricing in the future. We're not prepared to have that discussion yet.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, on the other hand too, our forecast does not assume that we need to get price in the back-half of the year. I mean, we we've been putting price in as you know, and as you track in the quarterly results that we put out, but we're not sitting here saying to hit this forecast, we need to have big price increases in the back-half. That's not in the forecast. And I think that, what that means is we'll be proactive on price when we need to.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Maybe tell us what was the price in maybe the fourth quarter there and apologies if I miss that.
Brad Cerepak: Julian, I'm going to send you to the back office to go and deal with that. I mean, we're going to start carving this into pieces here.
Julian Mitchell: Fair enough. Thank you.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: So, Rich, maybe I know you guys don't typically give margins by segment; you talked about the climate and sustainability, technology, segment that's seeing significant margin progress this year. Historically you have had that kind of mid teen target out there for the retail part of your business. Just curious like any other color that you can kind of give us on how much progress if you think you'll make in 2022. And then also just unified brands, was that margin diluted to your business, or no that that came out, that's coming out this year too?
Richard Tobin: That was margin dilutive to the consolidated business. It was accretive to -- would have been accretive to Q4 I believe. If it was still in, but -- 
Brad Cerepak: It's a small impact.
Richard Tobin: Yes, small impact at the end of the day. Look, I'm -- yes, we expect to hit our margin target for the refrigeration business in 2022. That's embedded in the forecast. And we expect robust growth out of both SWEP and Belvac back in '22, both of which are accretive -- that all of that revenue is accretive to margin.
Joe Ritchie: Now, that's great. So, maybe just following on, my follow-on question, just staying in this segment, I mean, the backlog that you're building in the segment is pretty incredible, right? You know, $2.3 billion, like -- I don't think anybody's got any forecasts that are anywhere close to that that type of revenue number in the out years. I'm just like trying to understand how to think about this segment on a multiyear basis from the top line perspective based on what you're building today?
A – Brad Cerepak: Yes. Well, look, on the refrigeration business, conceivably, we're going to get to the point where we'll cap off the growth in traditional door case, and then put all of our muscle behind CO2. CO2 is the part that's inflecting right now, and we'll probably have more color on that once we get into the mid '22 of what we think that can do going forward. Belvac is clearly going to be a story of building the backlog. So, we can just watch that as we progress through the year, and I think we'll do as we go through the year, what we've done in the past and break Belvac backlog away from the segments, so you can see it. And then Swep, look, we've been doing very, very well in Europe on heat pump technology. We expect that technology to be brought to the U.S. And as part of that, that's why we're expanding capacity today in advance of that. So, to the extent that we're deploying the capital means that we expect that business to continue its growth trajectory over time.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. That's super helpful. Thank you, Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks.
Operator: We will take our final question today from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Brett Linzey: Good morning, all. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Brett Linzey: Hey, just wanted to come back to the internal manufacturing inefficiencies that took place in '21. Obviously, just given the environment those, you know, expected, but can you isolate those headwinds versus the raw maths and logistic inflation that you saw? I would imagine there's some non-repeat there, just trying to get a sense as to what that number looks like?
Richard Tobin: Yes, it's a meaningful number. It's a large driver of the margin impact on engineered products. And what was the RFP, and I can't remember the name after all of this, and anyway, so -- but sizing it, I mean, maybe we can get back to you, it's meaningful, right? And that's part and parcel to why we think that we can expand profits at an absolute basis in '22, as much as we can, because we took a lot of hits by curtailing production, which really is outside of the price cost dynamic. That's just absolute lost fixed cost absorption and it goes with it.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. Well, it's meaningful on the top line and on the earnings line. And I think Andrey can walk through that with you.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. Well, just trying to square the 30% incremental with price cost positive with [indiscernible] it seems like maybe some pushing in the guide. Just back to the e-commerce, looking to double that, I missed the timeframe you said in which you'd like to double those sales. And just given the lower cost to serve, what kind of incremental margin should we be thinking about as you take that number up?
Brad Cerepak: We are -- we did a billion in '21, where our goal is to do $2 billion in '22. And as I mentioned before, it's not really cost takeout, it's not the advantage here. The advantage is across the entire complex, meaning inventory management, the ability to do pricing centrally, the ability to do dynamic pricing, SKU management. So, you're just going to have to look at that as a portfolio move, and it's part and parcel to us, extracting synergy across the portfolio through those initiatives rather than trying to parse it by operating company by -- or segment.
Brett Linzey: Okay, got it. Thanks a lot. Best of luck.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's fourth quarter and full-year 2021 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover’s Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are, Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. And I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. This call will be available on our website for playback through October 26th and the audio portion will be archived for three months. Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements that are subject to uncertainties and risks. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K and our most recent Form 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andrey. Good morning, everyone. Let’s go to page three. Dover Corporation and its operating companies had a solid quarter. The performance stats indicate that our product strategies, coupled with our ongoing productivity initiatives continued to deliver topline growth, margin accretion, and attractive cash flow to our investors. Our revenue and bookings growth continued to outpace our pre-pandemic levels and we exited the quarter with a record high and sequentially increased backlog while posting topline growth of 15% over the comparable period. Demand strength was broad-based as each segment posted year-over-year growth in bookings and a book-to-bill above 1. Revenue growth, product -- positive product mix, and ongoing productivity initiatives drove comparable operating margins up, resulting in a 31% increase in U.S. GAAP diluted earnings per share. Our free cash flow performance was strong with an 18% year-over-year increase, despite significant investments we’ve made in inventory as we begin to reap the benefits of our investments in the centralization of financial processing activities. We continue to enhance and improve our portfolio with several acquisitions completed in the last three months and the divestiture of our commercial foodservice business announced last week. Our organic investments and capacity expansions and productivity projects are on track, providing us the building blocks for the future topline growth and margin expansion. As one of the first multi-industrials to report each quarter and because of our wide end market exposures, we have the pleasure to be the operating environment bellwether, so let’s get on the front foot here by providing some color on inflationary inputs, labor, and supply chain challenges, so that we have time to discuss the constructive demand environment for 2022 in the Q&A. Let me start by saying that we’re particularly concerned that there have been no discernible policy changes, particularly in the U.S. to deal with these headwinds, and in fact many proposed policies run the risk of extending their duration. We take no satisfaction in the fact that we’ve been telegraphing these issues all year and incorporating to the -- incorporating them into our forecast of the businesses that bear the brunt of these challenges, which I will expand upon during the segment review. We have taken the appropriate actions to offset these headwinds moving into 2022 and we are comforted by the fact that we have been given the opportunity to demonstrate the resilience of our business model and the strength of the breadth of our product and geographic market exposures that are ultimately reflected in these quarterly results. To be clear, we are very constructive about 2022 demand for our products and services and remain optimistic that there will be a recognition that protecting the duration of the current strong economic demand environment needs proactive policy decisions. We are raising our full year EPS guidance as a result of our strong year-to-date performance. Our updated forecast do not incorporate any material improvement nor deterioration of the challenging operating environment in the fourth quarter. Our priorities remain the same supporting our customers with products and services for the long-term, and the health and welfare of our employees. I will skip to slide four, which provides a more detailed review of our results for the third quarter. So let’s move to slide five. Engineered Products revenue was up 14% organically with a significant portion of the growth from pricing actions. Vehicle Services posted a strong topline quarter and market indicators remained positive, with vehicle miles driven recovering and average vehicle age continuing to increase. Industrial Automation demand was up double digits with strong activity in Americas and China. Environmental Services Group revenue was up year-over-year and its backlog remained strong moving into 2022. Aerospace and Defense posted a decline year-over-year, largely a result to changes in programmed shipment timing. The margin performance in the quarter was unfortunately what we expected to occur as we progressed through the year. Our Engineered Products segment, as we’ve discussed previously, has the largest exposure to raw materials, assembly labor as a percentage of cost of goods, and supply chain complexity. As such, it is more than just a price cost issue where even an equilibrium drives negative margin performance. It is exasperated by numerous component supply issues that necessitated us to intermittently curtail production to stabilize the manufacturing system in the quarter. Our management team is doing exactly what we would expect of them to protect profitability in the short-term, while managing the relationships with our strategically important customers. I have absolute confidence that the profit margin in the segment will bounce back as we move into 2022 as a result of actions already taken in price and as raw materials and supply chain constraints moderate as can be seen in the raw materials futures and stabilizing container shipping rates. Fueling Solutions was up 3% organically in the quarter on solid demand in North America for above-ground and below-ground retail fueling. We believe our production schedule and delivery times are driving share gains particularly in the above-ground category. Vehicle wash posted another strong quarter with some encouraging customer conversion and cross-selling benefits from our recent ICS acquisition. Activity in China remains subdued, driven by the lasting impacts of COVID and near-term uncertainty related to energy supply. Fuel Transport Components were negative for the quarter, but we believe that this is [expected to] (ph) improve moving forward. Margins in the segment declined 150 basis points in the quarter, as productivity headwinds from supply chain constraints and subcomponents and negative mix more than offset higher volumes and pricing. We have taken the appropriate actions on pricing to counter these headwinds going forward. Sales in Imaging & Identification grew 7% organically. The core Marking and coding business grew well on good demand for printers and consumables. Serialization Software also grew ahead of expectations and we are working to add additional resources here as we integrate the recently acquired Blue Bite brand management software into our solutions. The Digital Textile Printing business was up significantly year-over-year against a low bar comparable quarter and is continuing its gradual recovery. Margins in Imaging & ID improved by 250 basis points as volume leverage, pricing, and productivity initiatives more than offset input cost inflation. Pumps & Process Solutions posted another solid quarter at 25% organic growth. Demand for biopharma connectors and pumps continued to be strong. We continued to expand clean room capacity for our biopharma connectors and single-use pumps in the period, and we are encouraged by specification wins in Em-tec Biopharma flow meters, which we acquired last year. Industrial Pumps were up based on broad-based end customer demand with particular strength in China. Precision Components was up year-over-year as compression OEM and aftermarket businesses continued their recovery. Polymer Processing was down in the quarter due to a combination of shipment timing and a very strong third quarter from the prior year, though new order rates remained strong and outlook is positive moving into 2022. Margins in the quarter expanded by a robust 630 basis points on strong volume, fixed cost absorption, favorable product mix, and pricing. Topline results in Refrigeration & Food Equipment remained strong, posting 16% organic growth. Revenue in beverage can-making equipment doubled in the quarter. The business is booked into late 2022 and is taking orders for 2023. The heat exchanger business grew on robust demand in all geographies, led by residential heating and industrial end markets and a recovery in the global commercial HVAC demand. Order intakes continue to exceed our ability to ship, so we are adding additional capacity in two geographies to ensure that we can meet forecasted demand in 2022. Demand in Food Retail remains robust with elevated bookings and backlogs across all our product lines. However, much like our Engineered Products business, we have a difficult time with labor constraints, and in particular, subcomponent supply, which has necessitated significant operational cost in logistics, intermediate production curtailments, and in one case, deferment of a delivery into 2022. Again, management is straddling cost recovery actions and meeting demands of our customers, but it clearly comes with a cost. Margins were largely flat in the quarter as excellent operating performance and swept and Belvac offset refrigeration headwinds despite their smaller revenue base. I will pass it to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let’s go to slide six. On the top is the revenue bridge. Our topline organic revenue increased by 13% in the quarter, with all five segments posting growth, with strong demand in our Engineered Products, Pumps & Process Solutions and Refrigeration & Food Equipment segments. FX benefited the topline by about 1% or $21 million. Acquisitions added $18 million of revenue in the quarter. There was no year-over-year impact from dispositions. The revenue breakdown by geography reflects strong growth in North America and Europe, our two largest regions and modest growth across Asia and the rest of the world. The U.S., our largest market, posted 16% organic growth in the quarter on solid trading conditions and retail, industrial automation, biopharma and can making. Europe grew by 16% in the quarter on strong shipments in marking, coding, biopharma and industrial pumps, can making and heat exchangers. All of Asia was up 5% organically on growth of biopharma and industrial pumps and heat exchangers, partially offset by year-over-year declines in polymer processing, below-ground retail fueling and fuel transport. China, which represents approximately half of our business in Asia was up 8% organically in the quarter. Moving to the bottom of the page. Bookings were up 25% organically, reflecting the continued broad-based momentum across the portfolio. In the quarter, we saw organic growth across all five segments. Let’s go to the earnings bridges on slide seven. On the top of the chart, the adjusted segment EBIT was up $64 million and adjusted EBIT margin improved 80 basis points, as improved volumes, continued productivity initiatives and strategic pricing offset cost inflation and production stoppages. Going to the bottom chart, adjusted net earnings improved by $57 million, as higher segment EBIT and lower corporate expenses more than offset higher taxes. Deal expense in the quarter were $3 million. The effective tax rate for the third quarter excluding tax discrete benefits was approximately 21.8%, compared to 21.5% in the prior year. And our effective tax rate estimate pre-discreet for Q4 and the full year remains unchanged at 21% to 22%. Discrete tax benefits were $8 million for the quarter or $4 million higher than in 2020 or approximately $0.03 of year-over-year EPS impact. Rightsizing and other costs were a $2 million reduction to adjusted earnings in the quarter, as a one-time recovery related to a cancellation settlement more than offset our ongoing productivity and rightsizing initiatives. Now on slide eight. We’re pleased with the cash performance thus far this year, with cash -- with free cash flow of $667 million, a $104 million increase over last year, free cash flow conversion stands at 11% of revenue year-to-date, despite a nearly $250 million investment in working capital. As we discussed last quarter, we remain focused on delivering against our customers strong order rates and we are carrying high inventory levels to ensure we can meet current demand for the rest of the year and into next year. Let me turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Brad. I am on slide nine, which is a familiar format we used during the Investor Day in 2019 to describe our inorganic growth priorities. I am pleased to report that our activity since then has aligned well with those priorities and we remain busy adding logical logistic bolt-ons that will support the long-term growth of our core businesses. As you can see that we are investing in the highest priority platforms with an emphasis on high growth, high gross margin products and solutions. We remain disciplined in our approach to acquisitions and despite the challenging asset prices in today’s environment, we have acquired seven bolt-on acquisitions year-to-date that meet our investment return criteria, including two in the third quarter and one that closed last week. The most recent deals highlighted in green were CDS, an industrial 3D visualization software, which we expect to grow in third-party revenues and also adopt across the Dover portfolio in our journey towards digitizing the front-end of our businesses, lowering our transaction costs. SP, which complements our Aerospace and Defense business, a software-driven signal intelligence solutions and LIQAL, which is an emerging leader in LNG and hydrogen dispensing solutions. Each transaction is modest addition to our aggregate portfolio, but we are very excited about scaling up these innovative and strategic technologies over time, and the positive impact to EPS as these investments mature. We remain on the hunt for acquisitions and have a solid M&A pipeline that aligns well with our portfolio priorities. We also took advantage of recent market activity in the Food Equipment sector to sell Unified Brands, a professional cooking equipment business for commercial foodservice operators. The deal was announced in early October and is expected to close in the fourth quarter. Unified Brands represents less than 2% of our overall revenue and its sale will have a negligible impact on our 2021 adjusted EPS. I would like to thank the management and employees of Unified Brands for the many years of service in the Dover family. As we look to the end of the year, demand outlook remains favorable across the majority of the portfolio, backlogs and bookings remain robust and we expect to post strong organic growth in Q4. Overall, we remain on track to deliver strong returns this year through a combination of robust growth in revenue, operating profit and cash flow, coupled with disciplined capital allocation. We also look forward to closing out this year and laying the foundation for what we believe to be a positive demand environment in 2022. We have clarity about the nature of the inflationary input and supply disruption costs that we incurred in Q3 and expect to queue in Q4 due to the challenging operating environment and we have conviction that we can turn them into profitability tailwinds as conditions improve and the calendar progresses from here. Before wrapping up, I would like to thank Dover for all their preservers and accomplishments executing in today’s environment. And with that, let’s turn it to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey. Hi. Great color here. Hey. First, just on inflation, Rich, it sounds like supply disruptions and kind of the -- what it did in your factories was much more of a challenge than getting price to overcome cost. Can you just address that a little bit more and were you relatively price cost-neutral in the quarter?
Richard Tobin: We were not price cost neutral in the quarter in the segments where you can see the dilution at the operating margin. So, it’s a little bit of a two-fold story. Where we’re getting the most price is where we’re getting impacted the most, because not only you are driving with price increases, driving the topline, even in equilibrium that’s dilutive to operating margins. So, when you’re in a negative position, you get kind of a 300-point dilution. So the bad news is we’re not in equilibrium in Q3. From here, we’d begin to squeeze that down in Q4 and if conditions don’t deteriorate go positive moving into 2022.
Jeff Sprague: And then unrelated but the backlogs and what you’re kind of pointing to here in Q4, it looks like at the midpoint, your Q4 revenue has guided down about 9% sequentially, which would be more than normal, and certainly seems high, especially relative to the backlog. So, could you just address that and give us a little more color on how you might be able to uncork these backlogs and the visibility, and maybe what a normal backlog situation would look like?
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I think that we’re hopeful that we can get out what we’re projecting in our guidance. Clearly, not in the -- not only in the revenue but the EPS, we’re driving towards the top end here. But it’s a normal Q4 despite and Brad went over cash flow. We will run for cash somewhat at the end of the year. We have certain businesses that are seasonal that don’t deliver much in December and then we lose production days just because of Thanksgiving and Christmas. So, we’re talking about double-digit growth quarter-over-quarter into Q4, and we’re going to endeavor to get it out, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Right. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi. Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hi.
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Hey. Just to clarify on that last one, you said price cost neutral, so pricing was, I think, 3.5% or something like that, so roughly $60 million of kind of favorability. Do you mean on kind of an absolute basis that you had more cost inflation than that in the quarter?
Richard Tobin: Yeah. I mean there’s three buckets, right? There is raw materials, there’s logistics and supply chain, and then there’s business interruption costs that we incurred during the quarter. The vast majority of the negative impact is reflected in the segments that you can see, and a conservative view of what that cost was in the quarter is somewhere in the order of $25 million to $30 million in EBIT lost. That compresses in Q4 on a lower revenue line.
Steve Tusa: Right. That’s from the disruption you said, like, kind of like disruption…
Richard Tobin: That’s all three.
Brad Cerepak: That’s all it.
Richard Tobin: That’s all three.
Steve Tusa: Okay. So then why wouldn’t that be -- so then why wouldn’t it be positive price cost, if that’s the case?
Richard Tobin: Because a lot of it is still in inventory, so you’ve got that role based on -- you’ve got the raw materials inventory and you’ve got the orders in backlog and depending on when you took the orders and when they cycle through. So…
Steve Tusa: Right.
Richard Tobin: … two most effective businesses that we have, the price cost in total, including all three categories narrows from the number that I just gave you, but it does not get positive. Without getting granular here, it may get positive on raw materials, but not pick up logistics on the logistics side. From a total portfolio point of view, I think, that we are in neutrality in Q4.
Brad Cerepak: Right.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then are these supply constraints, like, is there anything that really stands out, are there like onesies and twosies of components or is there something that really stands out, and ultimately could you give any visibility on kind of, I guess, the million-dollar question is timing of resolution on these things. I mean, are we going to be going into the second quarter of next year still kind of dealing with this stuff in your view?
Richard Tobin: Well, look, I mean, as Brad mentioned, we’re carrying the inventory, so we won’t liquidate all of that in Q4. So to a certain extent, we are over ordering on the component side just because it’s a little bit of a whackable. It was hydraulics back in Q2 and to a certain extent at the beginning of Q3. That’s lightening up and now its electronic components. So, it’s a myriad of stuff, but unfortunately, all it takes is one missing piece here. It seems like it’s getting -- it’s not getting worse. I guess is what I am saying. I am a bit concerned about policy decisions making it worse. I don’t have a lot of faith in announcements about port activity having a demonstrable impact in the short run, quite frankly. But I think that because of the fact that we’ve been over ordering to a certain extent ourselves, I think it should modulate. But I am not ready to prognosticate about how much better it gets in Q1 other than to say that we believe that we’ve got positive pricing roll forward into Q1 and based on raw materials that the forward curves are constructive.
Steve Tusa: Great. Thanks a lot. Appreciate the color.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey. Good morning, guys. Rich, nice quarter.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andy.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So you ended up recording mid-20% incrementals in Q3 and you’re projecting something close to that in Q4. It’s still kind of in your range or close to your range of that 25% to 35%. So you talked about price versus cost starting to turn, as you look out into 2022, how much confidence does it give you that you could deliver incrementals at or above 25% to 35%, given all of the ongoing projects you have? You’ve got productivity projects in DP. You’ve got that structural cost that you always talk about. So do you have more confidence, given how well you’ve performed with these headwinds this quarter?
Richard Tobin: I think that we are -- I think that what we believe that is structural in nature in terms of the inflation is the labor. So if we’re constructive about raw mats coming down somewhat and we’re constructive about the lagging effect of price increases and inventory turns, that we believe, as I mentioned in my comments, that we can bring back the margin profile of the biggest impacted business that we have. In any given year, we expect to offset inflationary inputs at the factory level with productivity. Now we’ve got to do a little bit more of that just because of the labor inflation but I think that that’s doable.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Got it. And then maybe I can ask you specifically about DPPS. We know you’ve been building out capacity in biopharma, you’ve talked about that. I think you’ve got some cyclical improvement in Precision Components. But this segment is up over 20% versus 2019 with a backlog that’s up 90%. So I think people -- some people are worried about DPPS eventually running into more difficult comps. So based on your own organic investments, does DPPS stay one of your fastest growing segments and how would you say now that you -- can you maintain the recent margin performance that you’ve had?
Richard Tobin: Well, we get asked this every quarter and the answer is yes. As we talked about in the call, we have -- we’re expanding capacity and we wouldn’t be doing that, if we weren’t proactive about the demand environment going into 2022. Do we get a little bit of margin fade due to mix? Maybe, but is it going to be material? No. So we look at it this way. We understand that this has been material in terms of the year-over-year profitability of the group. Would we rely on that level of profitability change moving forward from here? No. But I think that we’ve got a lot of ammunition. Back to your other question about what we think that we can roll forward in the portfolio next year. So we don’t need that kind of pickup next year, just relative to the size of the change in earnings this year.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciate it Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Scott Davis with Melius Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Davis: Hey. Good morning guys and thanks for being bold and being first of reporting for stupidity, one of the two, but nonetheless…
Richard Tobin: Okay. Scott, go ahead.
Scott Davis: Yeah. Rich, you talked a little bit about how you’re strategically building inventory, are your customers’ strategically building inventory too? Is there a chance that some of the channel’s getting a little fat in certain SKUs?
Richard Tobin: Not in inventory. I mean it’s a big question. Look, one of the thing we’ve been discussing all year is the backlogs are so large. Is that being influenced? Sure, it’s being influenced, because the supply chain constraints are becoming so difficult. No one wants to live with that next year. So lead times are stretching out and that’s reflected in the backlog to a certain extent. I am not aware and based on the yelling and screaming that goes on around here about getting the product out the door, that we’ve got any channels that are carrying excess inventory. Pretty much right now, everything that we can get out the door, our customers and distributors will take.
Scott Davis: Okay. And Rich, can you just help understand, you talked about curtailing some production. Are you talking about, I mean, logistically, help us understand what that means. Did you shut something down for a week and give everybody paid time-off? Is it just a shift here and there? I mean, what’s the extent of when you do a shutdown like this and are you eating full labor costs and such in that time period or are there adjustments that are made with in that regard?
Richard Tobin: Yeah. It’s a mixed bag. We have -- at a certain point you can’t have half built or three-quarter built units. You just need the logistics. If you think about refrigeration units, you think about ESG truck bodies, you think about vehicle lifts, you just get to the point where the cost of reworking those goods, putting in those last pieces of component parts as they arrive, the math doesn’t make sense and it gets really complicated and then you just say we need to stop. Sometimes you stop for two or three days. Sometimes, you stop for a shift depending on inventory deliveries and everything else. But I would tell you that it would -- a lot of it is driven by the size of the goods, if you think about it that way. I mean, if you’re thinking about it like a pump, you can -- we’ve got enough warehousing space to take that. If you’re thinking about truck bodies and you’re thinking about refrigerated -- refrigeration units, you get to the point where you’re just better off taking the whole machine down for two days or three days. And when you do so, you don’t carry all the labor but you carry most of it. So the negative absorption is what you would expect.
Scott Davis: Okay. Good luck in 4Q. Thanks, guys.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just wanted to circle back, unfortunately, to this sort of price net of cost topic.
Richard Tobin: Yeah.
Julian Mitchell: Stepping back from the sort of quarterly back and forth, so for full year 2021, what is that net dollar price cost headwind, is it sort of $10 million that type of range? And then when we think about next year, do you think Dover should benefit from a lag as we see those forward cost curves come down, maybe that’s reflected in the real costs coming in? What’s the ability of your pricing to kind of hang in there relative to that cost normalization next year if we see it?
Richard Tobin: Okay. Okay. The three components that we’re talking, but we have -- I don’t want to rewind the clock here, but we started in Q4 and Q1 of last year talking about raw material price cost, where we said at the time, we would be in neutrality, right? Then when we went from there to a labor inflationary environment and even more problematic supply chain and logistics, labor inflation, I am not even going to get into it. It’s up to us to offset that just in terms of raw productivity. So where we are, and I think I gave you the number, it was $25 million to $30 million of negativity in the two segments that you see dilution in the quarter. We expect that to compress some in Q4, which is driven by two things, one is the revenue in Q4 relative to Q3 and the fact that you’ve got a roll forward and the catch-up us on pricing as you work off older dated backlog. So as I was -- back to the question I was asked before, all things being equal, as that older dated backlog re-prices itself because of pricing actions taken through the year, that it becomes a negative -- it becomes a positive moving into Q1 under the assumption that things don’t get worse from here and under the assumption that the market structure, the pricing in the market structure remains as it is today, which we believe it’s going to, by the way.
Julian Mitchell: Got it. And so through next year where you do get that spread or do you think the market is sort of too efficient for that?
Richard Tobin: Well, we’re going to have to fight it out Julian. And we’ve taken the pain to make deliveries to our customers and we’ve been having discussions with them that we’re not re-pricing backlog in a lot of instances. So we are taking it through the P&L, which also means that as future prices of metals come down, we’re also not re-pricing the backlog that we have and so our backlogs are actually up sequentially despite the fact having 15% growth. So it’s not going to be easy but that’s kind of the way that we’re managing the process.
Julian Mitchell: That’s very helpful. And just a last one on this point, so your gross margins up a lot in the first half, down slightly year-on-year in the third quarter. Should we assume by first quarter next year as things look today that it’s up year-on-year again?
Richard Tobin: Year-on-year again, you know what I don’t have the gross margin for Q1 in my head. But I would assume that our projections for the majority of the portfolio are to grow the topline next year. I am not aware of negative mix -- segmental negative mix. So on absorption alone we would expect that.
Julian Mitchell: That’s great. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Andrew Obin with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew Obin: Hey. Yes, guys. Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Hey. Just in terms of supply chain disruption and folks talked about it, but could you quantify the magnitude of delayed shipments on third quarter revenue and if supply chain issues remained the same in fourth quarter? I mean, should we think about these showing up in 2022, I mean, what happens with all these delayed shipments?
Richard Tobin: Well, first and foremost, our guidance incorporates our view of what happens going forward, number one. Number two, could we have shipped more in Q3? Clearly, we could have. I think that this argument about lost revenue is an interesting one, because everybody, I suppose, all market participants claimed lost revenue, because demand is high and supply constraints are tight. So monetizing that as lost is a little bit of a fool’s game. We could have shipped out more in Q3. It would have reduced our backlog slightly is my presumption and I don’t believe that it would allow us to ship more in Q4 materially.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And can you just touch on cadence of bookings as you went through the third quarter and any early feel for changes here in the fourth quarter, I mean, clearly, the end market looks robust, but maybe a little bit more color?
Richard Tobin: I think that the last time we did this was August and we said that, it was -- August is always a choppy month for bookings, so we would have more clarity as we went through the quarter. Clearly, they’ve got better in September and October based on the results that we’ve posted. My expectation that, they will slow on a run rate basis going into Q4 because essentially, Q4 is already in backlog for the most part.
Andrew Obin: Got you. That makes sense. Thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: So, hey, Rich, just maybe going back to the supply chain discussion for a little bit, maybe a bigger picture question here. You have had some announcements from the government that they’re trying to ease the supply chain issues by going to like a 24x7 model at the ports. What I am hearing from you is that like you’re not really seeing much of an improvement at this point, but I want to make sure that like I am getting that correctly on the latest data point?
Richard Tobin: Yeah.
Joe Ritchie: And then just very curious like, what would you do, if you had to do like proactively change policy decisions, what would you do to try to ease some of this burden?
Richard Tobin: Going and just announcing 24x7 operations as if you have all the employees and all of the moving parts to make that happen overnight is naive. I think the intent is there. But I think that if there’s -- we don’t believe there’s going to be any demonstrable change in performance between now and the end of the year. It’s just too complex of an ecosystem. I am not an economist. We’ve been having -- if you go back and look at our comments all year long, this notion of transitory inflation and blaming used car prices has been naive at best. It’s been manageable for corporates as corporates have priced inflation, but that is a how long is a piece of string argument. So coupled with a lot of other proposed agenda items that one conceivably could say would cause additional inflation and port congestion, I am not entirely sure that that’s a strategy that’s well thought out.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Okay. That’s super helpful. And I guess, maybe just kind of thinking about this pricing, the backlog. Clearly, backlog is in great shape going into next year, maybe even beyond. I guess the concern in the market is your ability to make sure you can get pricing or re-price portions of the backlog to meet what the cost environment looks like and so as you kind of look at your backlog and your portfolio, are there any areas where there’s maybe a little bit more concern on potentially re-pricing the backlog or should we feel good going into 2022 that the margin on that backlog is in good shape?
Richard Tobin: We are not re-pricing backlog materially in any portion of the group. We’re actually doing quite the opposite. We’re holding pricing in the backlog to the detriment of margins as we push the product out the door, because we believe that preserving our customer -- our strategic customer relationships and not forcing demand destruction is a more favorable equation than having fights about re-pricing backlog when we’re actually re-pricing all new orders as we progress through the year. So the only negative scenario, that ends up being a rolling credit unless one wants to make an assumption about inflationary inputs getting worse going into 2022 from where the baseline is right now.
Joe Ritchie: Super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Rich, just maybe first on some of these kind of bottlenecks that you guys are seeing. At what point, just based on what you can see in terms of what comes up next in the backlog or some sort of business mix, do you think you can get past that 2Q high watermark for what is able to get out the door? I imagine seasonality plays a role as well, but is that something that you have line of sight to right now and the way you guys are thinking about the next couple of quarters?
Richard Tobin: I guess, I am allowed to make one positive comment since we’re going to deconstruct all this. Remember that our margins are up quarter-to-quarter for the remaining here. Yeah, look, I mean, at the end of the day, Q3 was tough, I mean, for [Technical Difficulty] we still had COVID Delta going on at the time with absenteeism driven by that, which we’re largely behind. There’s nothing that’s fundamentally changed in our ability to manage output. It’s been a little bit of a struggle. I think that we were, I guess, a little bit disappointed on the labor equation. We had projected it to get materially better in Q3 and it got a little bit better as we exited Q3, but the first couple of months were quite difficult. So I am not overly concerned on our ability to get to high watermarks and we’ve got some relatively robust projections for revenue growth for 2022 and we’ve got the footprint to deliver it. So, again, unless we want to make an assumption that supply constraints deteriorate from here, which we don’t believe then I think that we’re positioned appropriately just by the fact that we’ve over ordered on the inventory side, at least we start off on the front foot.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then just specifically on Pumps & Process Solutions. I mean, you guys have a mountain of backlog there. It doesn’t seem like the order intake is really slowing. I mean, just if you get down that backlog to a normal level and I don’t know what normal is anymore, but it seems like that business sort of has to grow double digits next year. I mean, a little early on 2022, but like that isn’t a long cycle business and you got more backlog than maybe you know what to do with, like what’s missing in that equation?
Richard Tobin: Well, I think, we mentioned it before. We’re going to get into 2022 and if we’re all positive about input costs and logistics and supply chain, backlogs are going to drop, right? Because lead times are going to shrink and everybody is going to panic and you shouldn’t. So, I think, that the bottomline is, because of these constraints, backlog is good, it gives us a lot of visibility going into the year and our expectation that backlog -- that total backlog will fade proportionally, but that’s actually a good sign. I am not going to give out growth rates by segment for 2022, as I mentioned in my comments. I think that we’ve done our early looks at what 2022 is setting up to be and I think from a top line point of view, which is portfolio wide we’re constructive.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Works for me. Thanks, Rich.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with all your questions.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Hey. So, obviously, the backlogs, not so much the backlog, the book-to-bill ratios have been off the scale. So I understand the lead times impacting backlogs, but book-to-bill has been very strong now for the last three or four quarters. I really want you to address the question of what’s changed and what’s different about this recovery versus the last couple, which have been pretty anemic, so what do you think is driving such strength here? And then maybe just address, you talked about how you’re preordering or maybe buffering some of the components. To what extent do you think your customers are doing the same thing as well?
Richard Tobin: Okay. Nigel, I think, I answered the question before that we do channel checks right now and we are not aware of inventory of our products being elevated in any of our end markets. Clearly, order rates are a reflection of backlog build and that’s why order rates continue to be elevated and backlog has not come down despite the fact that the topline growth has been good. It will, like, the order -- the backlog will fade over time. I don’t want to repeat myself over and over again here. So what’s driving the recovery? I think a couple of things. From a Dover point of view, I think that the portfolio is a lot different than it was in the past. I think that clearly it looks like we’re moving into a CapEx cycle in a lot of our end markets. We discussed refrigeration before, but that seems, we are getting quite proactive about the energy complex, for example, and I think that we’ve got some market exposures with the biopharma platform that we’ve had in the past that you can’t compare. So, overall, I think, it’s a combination of we’ve expanded capacity in markets that are growing. So we’ve got available product and the -- and that the profile of the end markets at Dover has changed meaningfully over the last five years.
Nigel Coe: Great. But the CapEx cycle is what I was trying to get at. You sound pretty confident we were in a CapEx cycle, that’s great. And then the portfolio slide was really helpful, because your M&A has been -- maybe each deal flies by the radar a little bit, but when you add them together, they’re meaningful. I mean, are you happy to maintain this kind of cadence with smaller bolt-on type deals but additive in aggregate? So do you think that there could be one or two larger opportunities down the road?
Richard Tobin: We look at larger opportunities all the time. The problem with larger opportunities, the bigger the opportunity, the more it attracts in terms of interest, because of just scale and so pricing becomes difficult. If we look at where value has been created for Dover, historically, it’s these bolt-ons that use the network effect of Dover that have been high value returners. So, I don’t think we will ever stop doing the small ones, because I think that we’ve got a lot of conviction behind that process. But would we like to do some bigger ones? Sure, we would. We just need to find the appropriate priced deals out there.
Nigel Coe: That’s great. Thanks, Rich.
Operator: And our last question will come from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Deane.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Deane Dray: Hey. Maybe we will stick with M&A but on the divestiture side.
Richard Tobin: Okay.
Deane Dray: And maybe just put in context the Unified Brand divestiture. Is it truly a one-off opportunistic divestiture or might it be the start of a pivot away from selectively in Refrigeration & Food Equipment?
Richard Tobin: We evaluate annually market structure participation by all of our operating companies. The fact of the matter is over the last three years to four years the market structure in Foodservice Equipment has changed for a variety of reasons and we just did not believe that, Unified Brands within the Dover family was going to be able to extract the value and that it was more appropriately owned by someone that has the scale to participate in that structure.
Deane Dray: That’s helpful. Could maybe -- you’re not going to give specifics, I understand, but just how does that pipeline of potential divestitures, the pruning that you’re doing, where does that stand?
Richard Tobin: There’s not a lot, right? Like I said, we evaluate it annually. We’ve got a view of the value creation that’s embedded in each piece of the portfolio. But as a multi-industrial, if we were to get an inbound request where the value paid is in excess or equal to the value that we think that we could create then we would have to take a look at it. But right now [Technical Difficulty] that we’re actively looking at.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just last one, to go back on pricing.
Richard Tobin: Okay.
Deane Dray: Rich, you talked about this during the quarter that you felt that a fourth price increase could actually start to result in some pushback demand destruction. You answered the question not re-pricing backlog. But just broadly within the businesses, are you seeing that sort of price elasticity coming through where a fourth price increase might be problematic?
Richard Tobin: It depends, Deane. We have not been aggressive on re-pricing a backlog, because we take seriously our commitment when we accept an order that we accept to deliver against those commercial terms. But having said that, we have been sequentially moving on price primarily because of raw materials not so much due to labor and supply chain.
Deane Dray: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover’s third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Speakers today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded. And your participation implies consent to our recording of the call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our call. This call will be available on our website for playback through August 3rd, and the audio portion will be archived for three months. Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. Our comments today will include forward-looking statements that are subject to uncertainties and risks. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K and our most recent Form 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andrey. Good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results were strong across the board and we are especially pleased with the top-line performance considering the complicated operating environment. The demand environment in the quarter was robust and continued the momentum from the first quarter and despite posting a 30% organic top-line growth, we exit Q2 with a sequentially higher order backlog. I'll focus on the bigger picture here and highlight again what we believe is underappreciated aspect of our portfolio, it's organic growth potential. Our revenue in the second quarter was above the pre-pandemic comparable quarter in 2019 and resulted in the highest revenue first half of the year in recent Dover history, meaning that the majority of our markets are not simply recovering but are operating in a growth environment. New order bookings remain robust with all segments posting book-to-bill above one; resulting in sequential comparable growth in backlog as I mentioned earlier. Operating margin conversion was solid for the quarter as a result of good execution at the operating level on healthy mix of products delivered in the quarter. All of this is well and good, but make no mistake, the operating environment remains very challenging. It's been 90 days since the last time we were asked the question about the duration of "transitory inflation". As we've discussed after the first quarter, we had some line of sight of raw materials cost trajectory coming into the year, which allowed us to get in front from a price cost perspective. We have also proactively given our operating companies some leeway on working capital decisions to build inventories based on the backlog trajectory. What we underestimated was the -- was the total cost impacts of a strained logistics system and tight labor market that shows no signs of abating. This has had two knock-on effects on our results. First, the absolute costs of inbound and outbound freight were materially higher, and second and more important, the costs associated with production line stoppages due to lack of labor and components caused by trends and time uncertainty and overall supply chain tightness. I'll deal with the market dynamics and supply chain impact by business later in the presentation, but based on our experience so far, I'm concerned about the notion that the current economy needs to be further stimulated and second order implications of that line of thinking and I'll leave it at that. Our teams have done a commendable job navigating these choppy waters and continue shipping products and driving robust margin conversion and strong cash flow. Overall, we believe that our operating model has been an advantage to us as we are largely a localized producer and are not overly reliant on extended supply chains. This is clearly reflected in our top-line performance in the quarter. As we look to the second half of the year, our order backlogs make us confident in our top-line trajectory. Our forecast do not incorporate much in the way of an improvement nor deterioration of the operating challenges that we've witnessed during the first half. We're just going to have to power through and work with our suppliers and customers to adapt to the prevailing conditions. We are raising our annual revenue growth guidance to 15% to 17%, and our adjusted EPS guidance to $7.30 a share to $7.40 a share. We also expect stronger cash flow as a result of the improved margin performance. Skip to Slide 4, which provides a more detailed overview of our results in the quarter. Engineered Products revenue was up 25% organically. Vehicle services which is strong across all geographies and product lines and had record bookings during the quarter. Industrial automation demand was strong across the automotive sector and in China. Aerospace and defense posted an all-time record revenue during the second quarter. Waste hauling was flat year-over-year as the business continues to wrestle with component and labor availability issues that are constraining product shipments. Importantly, waste handling bookings were robust and the backlog was up nearly 75% versus the prior year. Engineered Products is our most exposed segment to input and logistics cost inflation due to materials intensity, contractual pricing dynamics and relatively higher share of international sourcing in vehicle services. You can see it in the margin -- the segment's margin was flat year-over-year as strong volume leverage and pricing increases were offset by input cost and freight inflation, as well as labor and component availability challenges. Fueling Solutions was up 25% organically in the quarter on the strength of the above ground and below ground retail fueling globally, including some remaining tailwinds from the EMV opportunity in the U.S. following the April deadline. Vehicle wash has had -- has been strong this year and our recent ICS acquisition integration and performance is ahead of plan. Activity in China in fuel transport remains subdued, but there are signs of Chinese operators reopening their tendering activity. Order backlogs were up 29%, and we expect our software and service business hanging hardware, vehicle wash and compliance-driven underground product offerings to help offset the anticipated headwinds from the EMV roll-off. The segment posted another strong sequential margin performance on higher volumes, strategic pricing initiatives, productivity actions and mix. Sales in Imaging & ID improved 20% organically. The core marking & coding business grew well on strong printer demand across all geographies with China and India driving particularly strong performance. Serialization software also grew ahead of expectations. The digital textile printing business was up significantly against the comparable quarter when much of their operations were locked down in Northern Italy last year, but nevertheless, the business remains impacted though we are beginning to see growth in demand for large printers, particularly in Asia and continued growth in ink consumable volumes. Margins improved by 420 basis points on volume leverage, pricing and productivity initiatives. Pumps & Process Solution posted another banner quarter at 34% organic growth on improved volumes across all businesses except Precision Components. Demand for biopharma connectors and pumps are intended to be -- to be strong driven by vaccine and non-COVID related pharmaceutical tailwinds. Industrial pumps grew by over 20% on robust end customer demand with particular strength in China. Polymer processing shipments grew year-over-year and continued strength in Asia and is gaining momentum in the U.S. market. Precision Components was slightly down in the quarter though demand conditions have stabilized and are recovering well in some end markets and geography giving us confidence in the second half trajectory. Margins in the quarter expanded by 910 basis points on strong volumes, favorable mix and pricing. Top-line growth in Refrigeration & Food Equipment continued its impressive clip posting a 44% organic growth. Revenue in the beverage can making doubled in the quarter and bookings nearly doubled as well. The business is now booked into late 2022. Food retail saw broad-based growth across its product lines, door cases are now booking into 2022, and the demand for natural refrigerants is driving outside growth in our systems business in the U.S. and in Europe. Backlog in food retail is now double where it was last year. The heat exchanger business grew on robust demand in all geographies with rebounding order rates and commercial HVAC in North America and record order intake in EMEA extending lead times for heat pumps and boilers. Foodservice equipment was up in the quarter on a tough comp, chain -- no, actually on an easy comp, and chain restaurant demand is robust, but the institutional market is still recovering. Margins in the segment improved by 580 basis points, driven by strong volumes and productivity actions partially offset by availability issues with installation raw materials and labor and food retail operations, we expect -- which we expect to subside in the second half. And I'll pass it on to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6 of the presentation deck, on the top of the -- on the top of the page is the revenue bridge. Our top-line organic revenue increased by 30% in the quarter with all five segments posting growth with particular strength in our Pumps & Process Solutions and Refrigeration & Food Equipment segments. FX benefited the top-line by about 5% or $68 million. Acquisitions added $19 million of revenue in the quarter. There were no year over impacts from dispositions. The revenue breakdown by geography reflect strong growth in North America, Europe and Asia, our three largest regions. The U.S., our largest market posted 25% organic growth in the quarter on solid trading conditions in retail fueling, marking & coding, biopharma, food retail and can making. Europe grew by 30% on strong shipments in vehicle aftermarket, biopharma and industrial pumps and heat exchangers. All of Asia was up 38% organically on growth in biopharma, marking & coding, plastics and polymers, heat exchangers and retail fueling demand outside of China. China, which represents a little over half of our business in Asia was up 33% organically in the quarter. Moving to the bottom of the page, bookings were up 61% organically, reflecting continued broad-based momentum across the portfolio. In the quarter, we saw organic growth across all five segments. Going to the earnings bridges now on Slide 7. On the top of the chart, adjusted EBIT was up $173 million and margin improved 400 basis points, as improved volumes, continued productivity initiatives and strategic pricing offset input cost inflation. Adjusted segment EBITDA was up 350 basis points. Going to the bottom of the chart. Adjusted net earnings improved by $135 million as higher segment EBIT more than offset higher taxes, as well as higher corporate expenses primarily relating to compensation accruals and deal expenses. The effective tax rate excluding discrete tax benefits was approximately 21.7% for the quarter compared to 21.6% in the prior year. Discrete tax benefits were $11 million in the quarter or $9 million higher than 2020 for approximately $0.07 of a year-over-year EPS impact. Rightsizing and other costs were $11 million in the quarter or $8 million after-tax. Now, on Slide 8. We are pleased with the cash performance thus far this year, with free cash flow of $364 million, a $96 million increase over last year. Free cash flow conversion stands at 9% of revenue for the first half of the year, 80 basis points higher than the comparable period last year, despite a significant investment in working capital and the impact of prior year tax deferrals that did not repeat this year. Also as we discussed last quarter, we remain focused on delivering against our customers' strong order rates and build inventory to ensure we can meet the current demand in the second half of the year. With that, I'm going to turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Okay, thanks, Brad. Let's try to pause here for a moment, because this is a complicated slide, but I think it's a transparent view of what we think is going to happen over the second half of the year and includes our current view of the outlook of the second half by segment provides context of how we are thinking about full year guidance, which I'll get to shortly. Remember, the demand environment is strong across the portfolio, so let's not try to get overexcited about headwinds or mix commentary. We managed it in H1 and we will do it again in H2, but this is the reality of the situation in terms of the dynamic of the business. We expect top-line growth -- top-line in Engineered Products to remain robust through the remainder of the year based on solid backlog and good bookings trajectory. Momentum in the vehicle aftermarket, industrial automation should continue, while we expect the improved order rates and backlogs and solid waste handling and industrial winches to drive solid year-over-year growth in the second half. Aerospace and defense is expected to be modestly down largely as a result of a difficult year-over-year comparison on -- on project deliveries. Supply chain constraints and cost inflation are expected to continue to have a material impact on the segment. Waste handling and automotive aftermarket businesses are our largest business exposed to the trifecta of raw materials inflation, extended supply chains and a larger proportion of assembly labor. Our management teams are winning in the marketplace considering the headwinds which is reflected in the growth rate and order books. But we are clearly at the point of having defend our market position at the expense of the price cost dynamic, which will be detrimental to near-term margins, but not material, slightly detrimental. And we expect Fueling Solutions to provide organic growth for the full year above our initial expectations on the back of growth in systems and software, recovering underground demand and vehicle wash. Recall that above ground business as a tough second half due to the North American EMV volumes. Margins in Fueling Solutions will be up for the full year, though we expect modest margin compression in the second half relative to the first half on slightly lower volumes and negative product and geographic mix, which I think that we covered at the end of Q1 as with less North America volume due to EMV and more international volume that's slightly dilutive. Trading conditions in Imaging & ID are expected to continue their positive trajectory for the remainder of the year. Our core marking & coding business is expected to maintain its growth trajectory with services and serialization products positively impacting performance. Digital textile printing is recovering, and we expect the end of the year, we will well above 2020, but below its 2019 high watermark. We expect operating margins to remain stable in the second half. Pumps & Process Solutions should see a solid second half. Demand for biopharma and hygienic applications remain robust with customers now placing orders into 2022. We are strategically investing an additional clean room capacity for this platform to support its growth. Trading conditions in industrial pumps are strong and driven by robust and customer demand as opposed to channel stocking. Plastics and polymers is expected to be steady though this business faces a difficult comparable period due to a strong performance last year. Precision Components will return to growth in the second half as OEM new-builds will supplant increased activities at refineries and petrochemical plants. We expect margins to remain strong in the segment, but we may see some minor dilution due to mix on the back half as our Precision Components business recovers, but the absolute profit trajectory of this segment is in very good shape. With its large backlog and high sustained order rates, Refrigeration & Food Equipment will finish the year strong, with double-digit growth expected for all operating businesses. New orders in core food retail business have been healthy across the product segments and the tailwinds from our leadership position and natural refrigerants are driving outside growth for our systems business. We expect to begin to significantly ramp up shipments of our new digital door product. Belvac continues to work through its record backlogs. They are now taking orders for late 2022 and even into 2023. Heat exchanger business is positioned well as they are seeing strong order rates across all verticals and geographies. We have been investing in capacity and new capabilities in these two businesses and are well positioned to capture the growth. Foodservice equipment demand is normalized and returned to growth at restaurant chains and institutional business continues to improve. We expect this business to post solid growth in the second half albeit against a low comparable. We expect margins to continue their seasonally adjusted upward trajectory for the remainder of the year. Improved volume leverage, productivity gains and positive product mix and business mix should more than offset operational challenges related to component and labor shortages, increased logistics costs and input cost inflation. Moving to Slide 10. We remain on the front foot investing behind our business to support the growth, productivity and long-term portfolio enhancement. Organic high return on investment projects remain our top priority for capital allocation. On the left hand, you can see a sample of the current growth and productivity CapEx projects that we are working on, that add up to $75 million of spend. The project mix is balanced between growth and productivity with a skew towards new capacity and supporting long-term growth in key priority portions of our portfolio. Our next priority in capital allocation is strategic bolt-on acquisitions and enhance the long-term growth profile and attractiveness of our portfolio. You can see that with that all four of our recent acquisitions were in either digital or high growth single use pumps markets. These are small additions, but we are very excited about scaling up these highly innovative technologies as part of our G&A portfolio. We remain on the hunt for acquisitions, have a solid M&A pipeline as we enter the second half. Our current dry powder on a full year '21 basis is approximately $3.3 billion. Our revised annual guidance is on Page 11. We are increasing our top-line forecast to reflect the durability and demand trends that we are seeing. We now expect to achieve 15% to 17% all-in revenue growth this year. Our $0.55 adjusted EPS guidance increase is mindful of the supply chain, and input challenges we summarized earlier in the presentation and we expect free cash flow generation to edge higher as well due to margin improvements. On the bottom of the page, we show our expected '21 performance in a multi-year perspective. We remain on track to deliver strong returns through a combination of robust organic revenue growth, strong margin expansion and disciplined capital allocation. Before wrapping up, I want to thank everybody at Dover for their perseverance and accomplishments executing in today's challenging environment. And with that, Andrey, we'll open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys, Rich, nice quarter.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Rich, can you give more color into what you're seeing in terms of margin progression in Pumps & Process and Refrigeration. I know you just talked about it, but if you look at Pumps & Process, you've been sustaining that 30% level, can you keep doing that, and I know you talked about a little dilution there? And then on the refrigeration side, like how would you assess the sort of march toward that mid-teens margin goal that you've talked about?
Richard Tobin: On the Pumps & Process Solutions side of the portfolio, nothing deteriorates in the second half, it's just pure mix. So what I'm -- what I was trying to make clear is one of the businesses that suffered greatly last year and is beginning to improve now is our Precision Components business that is slightly dilutive to margins, but in terms of absolute profit, it's a positive, so I wouldn't get overly chuffed about that. On the refrigeration side, we expect third quarter margins to be the highest of the year just based on seasonality and the size of our backlog and everything else. Quite frankly, we're a bit disappointed in the margin in Q2, but I don't think that's the fault of management, but we've had a really difficult time with freight costs and components and labor availability. So on one hand, I think the effort on their part to get the product out the door was excellent. The bottom line is we disappointed a bunch of customers in our ability to get the product out because of the supply chain issue. So the trajectory is good and as you can see from the backlogs, this is more of a 2022 story now more than a 2021 story.
Andy Kaplowitz: That's helpful. And then we know you want to be conservative given all the crosscurrents out there, but you're obviously forecasting revenue to come off a bit from Q2 with a backlog up 70%, you talked about EMV coming down, supply chain, the virus is still out there, but you didn't mention in your release that you have visibility already into '22. So maybe you can just talk about that visibility, and obviously it's in refrigeration, but is it across all the businesses, so that organic growth could actually be quite strong as you go into '22?
Richard Tobin: Well, look, I mean, I'm not going to complain about the size of our backlog, and if you'd run the calc and -- if you'd run the calcs on that we couldn't get it out the door over the balance of the year if we wanted to. So it's up to execution, number one. And with the exception of Belvac and Maag, most of our business is short cycle. So we'll see at the end of Q2 [ph]. I mean, look at the end of the day and it's the same discussion we had at the end of Q1. The demand is there, it's up to us to get it out the door. I think that when all is said and done, I think that we probably are going to do better on average because of our -- because I think that we're advantaged from a supply chain point of view versus some of our competitors, and that's what's going to be winning in the marketplace. It's not so much a pricing dynamic right now, it's whether you can get the product out the door. So we -- I think that right now I don't in my tenure here, we've never had backlogs like this and it's a good problem to have.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thank you, Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, good morning, guys.
Brad Cerepak: Hi.
Richard Tobin: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Just kind of digging into Andy's question a little bit of a different way. I think normally you guys convert your first half orders relatively close as a percentage into sales from first half to second half. Obviously, that suggests like a kind of a stupidly high revenue number for the year relative to your guidance like $700 million higher. Obviously, there is supply constraints and things may be getting pushed into '22. Can you maybe just talk about like the mechanics of this backlog, what's converting, what's different when it comes to the conversion from orders into sales this cycle, if you will? I mean I'm sure it's much more extended obviously, this cycle or maybe like just mechanically, is there double ordering going on, is there our guys pushing deliveries into '22, just a little more of the mechanics around that?
Richard Tobin: Sure. I think that we discussed it a little bit at the end of Q1. Clearly, based on our backlogs of exit in Q1 and then Q2 because of the demand function was going to be higher than kind of what a normal seasonality would be just because of where the demand was. So it's just purely a function of where you could get it out the door or not at the end of the day. So that's the good news. So I don't think you can look at Q2 and just say, well, I'm going to go back and look at history and then Q3 is this much higher than Q2 and then that it's going to spit out a number as you said, that's just not realistic quite frankly. So as point number one, so I'd be careful about calculating seasonality based on history just because of the strength of the first half just because of the recovery coming out of the pandemic. In terms of the backlog, yes, we'd have to break it down because we've got some long cycle backlog, I mean we mentioned Belvac, which is booking into 2023 now is a piece of that, that we'll just convert over time. We don't believe that there's double ordering going on right now. From what we can tell, it looks like it's just a recognition by the customer base of the constraints that are out in the system that in previous periods you just didn't have to put the orders in, you want to get in line. So that is what is expanding the backlog. I mean, I think you asked the question at the end of Q1 about this whole issue of channel stocking, destocking, and we took a close look, I mean, we grew our industrial pumps business by 20% in the quarter. So we took a or over that actually, but so we took a close look at channel checks and we don't see that inventory building up at our distributors, it's just passing right through. So that's good news at the end of the day, because it means it's fundamental demand. So I think it's two issues. We've got some long cycle businesses that are booking out well further than historically they used to and then I think on our short cycle businesses, I think there is a recognition of the constraints in the supply chain that's just making everybody get in line further out than they normally would have.
Steve Tusa: And I guess on that front on the working capital side, is there any unwind of this big inventory and receivables, I guess not receivables because your sales are going to continue to grow, but on the inventory side, I mean, any flush you see in the second half, I know you raised your free cash flow guidance, but if there is anything to nitpick at this quarter would be the working capital build was kind of sizable, any unwind there in the second half?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think the working capital build has been to our advantage and we'll see after everybody reports in terms of top-line, I mean, having the product available or having the components available that convert has been an advantage to us. I don't see anything fundamentally deteriorating in our working capital. We will see in the second half. I would expect to see some -- to see liquidation in Q4. And if we don't on the industrial working capital side, that means that the demand outlook for '22 is robust and what we may carry it again, but I don't think that just means higher earnings and the out -- and the outside period. So right now sitting here, we would expect free cash flow to be up, no real deterioration in terms of the metrics of working capital. We'll leave it at that to see how order rates progress over the balance of the year.
Steve Tusa: Great, thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thanks, good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Rich, maybe just touch a little bit more on M&A, right, I mean you've been doing some bolt-ons, but as you know, we've got a kind of multi-billion dollar capacity here, activity seems to be picking up in your neighborhood, right. I wonder if a, you see things kind of trading away from you that you are interested in or just kind of the action ability of what you might have in your pipeline?
Richard Tobin: Yes, without getting into the specifics, I think that we lost out on one deal that we chased pretty hard due to valuation, some of the other ones that you've seen transact, we're well aware of those assets and we're not participating in them. Bottom line is, it's a good news, bad news story. I mean, the bad news is, is valuations are what they are and I'll leave it at that. The good news is because valuations are what they are, then there is a lot building up that wants to come to market, because I think this is a recognition of, these are the salad days for multiples of not even earnings anymore, but of whatever you want to choose to be the multiple. So we're looking at a lot of stuff right now and we're going to remain disciplined. I mean, I think the things that we've got there are small, but we think that the network effect on the leverage of those small products is, our expectation, the returns are going to be very high in the deals that we did and we'll see in the second half.
Jeff Sprague: And a unrelated different question, just back to kind of price and how you're managing all this, what are you doing differently, I'm sure you can use the demand pulse to just extract price that people want the product bad enough, but are you able to on a drive deposits do other things to just kind of improve the commercial terms of how you're transacting with folks?
Richard Tobin: It depends, I think because demand is high and capacity is tight. You can manage profitability by customer probably a little bit more efficiently than in the past, but I think in certain of our businesses and I'll go back to what I talked about at Engineered Products, when you get to the third price increase, do you actually go for the fourth price increase because the fact of the matter is, you run the risk of demand destruction in the short-term, and that's not good. So part of my comment about Engineered Products, especially around ESG and VSG is at a certain point if we go negative in terms of price cost, but the volume remains robust and the installed base goes up, that's a better trade because we believe that some of these supply chain constraints and raw materials will roll off hopefully sooner than later. And you know what, do you really go back to your core customers and say sorry, but here comes another price increase. So I think that we're managing differently across the portfolio, but we don't want to force short-term demand destruction by trying to just be draconian.
Jeff Sprague: Great, makes sense, active management. Appreciate it, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Hi, yes, good morning.
Richard Tobin: Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Hi, how are you? Just a question just to sort of to continue sort of to talk about capital allocation. You did sort of highlight over $3 billion in dry powder. How should we think, you sort of clearly have established yourself as one of the most consistent operators post COVID. So how do you think about sort of the pace that you would like, right, get assume that valuation stay where they are, but how do you see the pace of capital allocation per year in a normalized environment assuming that prices stay where they are?
Richard Tobin: I don't know how to answer that. I -- look well, I'll put it in this way, Andrew, where we realistically looking at right now is about two-thirds of our dry powder. Now do we execute on that or not, I'm not sure, but I just in terms of the amount of targets and a realistic view of what the value of those targets are is about two-thirds of our dry powder. So it's quite a bit at the end of the day. But it's a realistic view and there are some deals that we just can't get there. I mean, this notion that return on invested capital made a quantum leap from three years to five years over the last 12 months, I find an interesting dynamic. And I'm not here to criticize anybody's deals, everybody has got their own strategy to a certain extent. So my -- like I said before to Jeff's question, the bad news is valuation, the good news is there's a lot of assets that see valuations of transactions in the marketplace. So the amount of opportunities that are out there and ones that are rumored to come is actually proactive to capital deployment.
Andrew Obin: That's a great answer. Thank you. And then the other question maybe I missed it, but did you comment on what the price increase was in the second quarter and what are you modeling for second half of the year?
Richard Tobin: The price to raw materials improves in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year. The outlier is logistics costs and line stoppages, which is really the negative headwind, but priced cost on a raw material side, it's actually better in the second half than the first half.
Andrew Obin: But what was the price component of organic growth in second quarter?
Brad Cerepak: [Indiscernible] around that number, not that significant.
Andrew Obin: And then...
Brad Cerepak: It really comes down to, Andrew, it comes down to the timing of when those price increases. Rich is saying there is multiple times that price is being put in. So it's not one big bang at January 1, it kind of spreads across the year. So you get that effect.
Andrew Obin: Now, now I got it. Looking at your price reaction today, I don't think anybody is complaining about your execution. Thanks so much.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Scott.
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Scott.
Scott Davis: Is there any way to kind of convert, Rich, you made the comment of disappointing customers, I mean, do you -- can you convert that to kind of an on-time delivery number to us and kind of what's normal and what you're at now and or any way to kind of think about it other than subjectively?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, there's really two dynamics. I think that our lead times are disappointing to our customers, because you go for years where you can convert orders within with intra-month in some of our businesses where that's just not possible. And that -- and that's where you get this function of now everybody seen it for six months and so it's got a knock-on effect of backlogs because there is a recognition of this is -- this -- this is more durable than maybe everybody thought. So the positive is it builds your backlogs at the end of the day, the negative is our lead times have stretched out. Now, you couple that with in certain of our businesses where we've had some pretty difficult logistics constraints and in some cases labor availability and then you've got disappointment of we say we're going to deliver the product on X date and we miss it and that's happened. So we can quant -- we quantify it more in dollars and cents. I'd have to go look up in terms of on-time delivery. I think across the board, it's probably okay, but there is, as I mentioned before, a business like VSG that's got probably our longest extended supply chain is suffering the most as opposed to Printing and ID that just doesn't have to deal with the reality of that.
Scott Davis: Okay, now that's fair point. So just to follow-up, I mean, all the questions on M&A I think are appropriate just given where your leverage ratio is. But you could flip it over and just say well valuations are crazy, why not sell some assets here because you do have a fairly broad portfolio and some things seemed a bit better than others and is there any appetite to doing so?
Richard Tobin: No, I think that -- I think that's a fair comment. I guess that's all I can say about that, but you're right, right, valuations inbound and outbound are what they are and you can manage that both ways.
Scott Davis: Yes. Okay, I'll pass it on. Thank you, guys.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to circle back maybe to Slide 9. So just to try and understand essentially is the point here that sort of this is largely relating to a half on half margin outlook and so sort of company-wide second half segment margins may be down slightly versus the first half, and then within that you've sort of got DEP and DFS may be down a bit DRFE flattish, and then DII and DPPS flat to up half on half. Is that the right sort of summary of that slide, just to make sure it's sort of half on half we're looking at?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think that if you overlay the, my comments on to the slide, they're going to match, right. I think that we're just giving you an honest assessment based on the prevailing market conditions of where we have headwinds operationally, price cost and then some commentary on mix, which is a commentary H1 to H2. So as I mentioned in my comments, I don't think we have to be overly dramatic about it. We've managed it quite well in -- in the first half and I don't expect us to manage it differently in the second half, but we have to recognize that there are certain decisions that we're making, like if you look at DEP in terms of price cost which whether from an absolute profit point of view may be in good shape with slightly dilutive margins because we're just making a choice to chase the -- to chase the volume, which I think is appropriate in that case.
Julian Mitchell: That's very clear. And then, secondly looking at the cash flow, you've addressed the working capital point once or twice. Capital spending is up a decent amount this year, I think the sort of low double-digit type increase year-on-year. Just trying to think about sort of the outlook from here, how much does that reflect the sort of catch-up spend, you laid out some projects in the deck after a weaker CapEx number last year for obvious reasons, and how much is this sort of a sustainably higher level, just trying to understand how your capital intensity looks on the CapEx front beyond 2021, should we see CapEx normalize lower again or will be flat when we look at next year?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think that '20 we can just throw out, right. I mean, at the end of the day everybody reacted to the change in market conditions appropriately. So, like as a percent of revenue and we'll see where we end up and I don't want to do the calculations here, but as a percent of revenue, '19 to '21 is probably flattish and I would expect that to be the same going into '22. I mean, we -- one of these days we're going to do a presentation on our returns for organic investment and they absolutely blow away anything that we do inorganically. So to the extent that we find the projects going into '22, we'll spend it internally, but right now sitting here today, do I expect as a percent of our revenue to go up dramatically in '22, no.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Because I think -- yes, there is a lot of sort of broader chats about CapEx super cycles and this and that, which I think is a bit odd. It doesn't sound like from Dover's sort of internal outlook that there is anything game changing in terms of CapEx intensity as we look out?
Richard Tobin: Well, you know, I think that there is an interesting argument and I would agree with it that to the extent that labor inflation is durable and that supply chains, the issues that we're having supply chains will improve, but not dramatically. There is an argument to be made that the returns on automation are going to be better than they've been over the last five years to six years, and I would agree with that.
Julian Mitchell: Interesting. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Nice quarter.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Joe.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: So, I'm going to -- I'm going to ask Julian's question maybe a little bit more explicitly on the margins for the second half of the year. And so it sounds like, Rich, you guys have done a great job managing those historically. When I look at Slide 9, it basically what I'm hearing from you is that incremental margins are probably going to be pretty comparable to the kind of 30% range that you just put up in the second quarter, maybe there is some slight pressure, but that's kind of how you're thinking about those in the second half, is that fair?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think that we're just trying to be transparent, Joe, right. It's very -- we could have put up the second quarter results and said everything is great and see at next quarter and then gotten away with it, but I think that we have to recognize that there are some issues that need to be overcome. To us, I don't think that we should get overly excited about it. It's just the facts are the facts we've dealt with them in H1, if anything, it becomes more of a mix issue in Q2 and that's not problematic. So as I mentioned before, DRFE is going to have its best quarter of the year from a revenue and an operating margin point of view. So that's great in terms of absolute profit, but it is dilutive to overall Group margins. So am I going to tell them to slow down to protect the margin, no at the end of the day. And that's the case -- and there's a couple of other, a couple of our businesses. I mean, if Precision Components on the back half revenue increases, but it's slightly dilutive to a, let's call it a very robust margin that we're clocking at Pumps and Process Solutions, again, I don't think it's overly problematic, but we're just trying to guide everybody of a look at the margin in Q2, but from a seasonality point of view, if I go back and look in history, Q3 is X percent higher than Q2. So let me just model that and run down the field. I think that would -- would give you a number that we would like to get to, but I'm not entirely sure just because of the pull-forward in terms of the demand and the operating leverage that we're getting in Q2.
Brad Cerepak: Right. We got to be a little bit careful with the conversion to the back half as well because price materials does impact conversion. So just keep that in mind is that, that has nothing to do with absolute profits per se as Rich has talked about, but the conversion rate is influenced by that.
Joe Ritchie: Sure. Now that makes sense and fully appreciate all the color you guys are providing. I guess my one follow-up and maybe just kind of focus on the near-term for a second. When you think about third quarter from a pure revenue and EPS perspective, would you expect it to be up versus the second quarter or similar? I'm just curious like how you guys are thinking about it with the way that the backlog is kind of converting into your business?
Richard Tobin: Similar, I guess is the answer.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre with Baird.
Mig Dobre: Yes, thank you for taking the question. I also want to ask a question about Slide 9. You've got...
Brad Cerepak: That's cool.
Mig Dobre: Yes.
Richard Tobin: Next quarter, I'm going to look at slides. All right, go ahead.
Brad Cerepak: You're going to kill that slide, but let's go ahead.
Mig Dobre: You've got a -- you've got positive commentary on price cost for DII and DPPS, and just kind of looking through your disclosures in the queue, these were the segments with frankly the smallest pricing gains in the quarter, both of them a little over 1%. So I find that to be a little bit counter-intuitive right, you've got less of a pricing tailwind in these two yes you -- yet you expect better price cost dynamic. Can you may be put a finer point on this as to what's happening with these two?
Richard Tobin: Well, I think Brad addressed it in an earlier question. Everybody -- we don't do our pricing on January 1st, right. It's done differently. There's signaling effect to manage backlogs. So you basically in certain businesses will say, we're going to do a price increase at the end of Q1, meaning so you lose that clocking period in Q1. So it actually ramps over the balance of the year on the comp. So again it is just a reflection of the timing of those price increases and the age kind of the H1, H2 effect of that.
Mig Dobre: Okay, got it. Sorry, I missed that. Then I guess my follow up just sort of looking at your order intake, right, in Refrigeration & Food Equipment, Pumps & Process Solutions, in both these segments, you're running well ahead of what we saw pre-COVID. And I guess my question is, if we're not talking about some kind of a CapEx super cycle here, what is really happening with these end markets, and is it fair for us to think that this is sustainable to some degree into 2022 or is there a hangover to be expected here as things normalize? Thank you.
Richard Tobin: We see -- I think I've tried to answer this about 15 different ways. I think that, that backlogs are building which is a reflection of constraints in the system. So I think when we get to next year, it's going to be an interesting dynamic because as those constraints come down, then lead times are going to come down, which is going to be negative to backlogs to a certain extent. But that I think that Steve asked the question or maybe wrote it earlier today, I think we're going to get -- we got to be careful with absolute backlogs and doing math on it and trying to extrapolate revenues into the future. I mean, the bottom line is that backlogs build and shrink based on lead times and market conditions and everything else. So could I envision a scenario where backlogs come down, yes. Do I think that's overly problematic, no, because to a certain extent, that means the headwinds that we have on supply chain logistics are getting better, which is better for margins at the end of the day.
Mig Dobre: Yes. So Rich, to clarify I wasn't talking about backlog because I totally agree with what you're saying. I was wondering more about your bookings, right, which have been very, very strong year-to-date even relative to pre-COVID?
Richard Tobin: Yes, well, look, I mean I think that we are executing really, really well in Pumps & Process Solutions. I mean we made a presentation on that on what we thought was coming at the end of '20. And look and as I mentioned at the end of Q1, we think that we are in at minimum a three-year cycle of the demand function on DRFE which is positive. And it's not just -- it's across the board, it's not just door cases, it's systems business, it's SWEP on the heat exchangers and it's Belvac, all of which we believe are in a multi-year cycle.
Mig Dobre: Great, thanks for the color.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Deane Dray: Hey, I know we covered a lot of ground here. It came up multiple times about component and labor shortages. So Rich, if you could just take us through like where is it most acute today on the component side, is it semiconductors, printed circuit boards, are you qualifying new suppliers. So that's the component side, and then on the labor side, any color there, unfilled positions are you expecting a significant step-up in labor costs as this needs to adjust. So take us through that if you could?
Richard Tobin: Hope boy, well, we've got a pretty wide portfolio, I'll make some general comments about the components. They're all tied. They are more problematic if they're large and imported, because if you take a look at what's going on when the logistics supply chain in the Port of Los Angeles and all that, it is a bloody mess right now, which only impacts a small portion of our portfolio, because as I mentioned in my comments at the end of the day, we think that we are winning in the marketplace because we don't have a lot of instances of that. If you've got very long supply chains and it's containerized freight coming out of Asia back to North America to fulfill demand, you are suffering quite frankly. On the labor side, it's purely in our operations that I have a higher propensity of assembly labor, and for all the reasons that we can understand that's been difficult. I think it's not getting worse as we move through the second quarter, which is a good news. So, hopefully in September, when some of these government influence in terms of the labor market begins to roll off that it will get better and everybody is going to go back to school in September. So our view right now is it's probably going to remain difficult through August, and I think that we're hopeful in September that the situation is fine.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful. And then last one for me, just you talked about this last quarter and how did it play out where you said you were going to give the business units more autonomy in managing their own working capital that you gave them the green light, go ahead and build inventory, and I know there were some surprise there because you hadn't done that before, but how has that worked out, is that going to be a permanent, was that a one-time event just you needed to get in front of this demand, but just some color there would be helpful? Thanks.
Richard Tobin: I mean, if the demand holds up then we'll continue to kind of given that latitude because the absolute profit versus the carrying cost of the working capital, the math works, I guess the best way I can say it. I would expect if we get improvement in the logistics supply chain that it will come down naturally, because that's what's really driving it at the end of the day. We're basically given the green light to everybody of, you've got the backlog, don't be reticent of trying to get the sub components in because we want to convert.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period, and Dover's second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Speakers today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time.  Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. This call will be available for playback through May 4 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months.  Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website.  We want to remind everyone that our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to uncertainties and risks, including the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy and our customers, suppliers, employees, operations, business, liquidity and cash flow. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for the first quarter for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law.  With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thank you, Andrey. Good morning, everyone. We have a big group this morning. So we're going to have a robust Q&A session.  So, let's move to page three. The business challenge moving into Q1 was twofold for Dover. First, we exited 2020 with a healthy backlog of business which we needed to operationally deliver against. Back end, we had to work closely with our distributors and customers to seize opportunities in the marketplace despite a complex set of challenges with raw materials, components, logistics and labor availability. We are pleased with our first quarter performance on both counts, which is reflected in our robust revenue growth and the increase in our order backlog as we move into Q2.  Let's take a look at the metrics. Total revenue is up 13%, 9% organic to the comparable period. Clearly, the quarter benefited from a good order, backlog position and the willingness of the channels to receive product deliveries as market demand accelerated, resulting in the highest volume quarter since 2014 and the largest first quarter volume since 2012 for the company.  This performance is a clear indication that our product portfolio is attractive and often underappreciated growth avenues and that the work that we have done on operational excellence is gaining traction.  Order rates outpaced revenue in the quarter, posting bookings of $2.3 billion, a 27% comparable organic increase. The growth was broad based with all five segments contributing to the increase. This resulted in the seasonally high backlog of $2.2 billion, an increase of 39%.  Since our earnings are issued among the first in the industrial sector, I suppose it's on us to explain the drivers of growth and their impact on seasonality and full-year demand. I'm going to try to be careful with my choice of terms and comments not to cast unwarranted shade on a clearly positive market demand environment.  There are several factors driving healthy customer activity, including pent up demand from last year as a result of low starting channel inventories in certain sectors. As I also mentioned in my opening remarks, this was further influenced by tight supply chains and materials inflation, positively contributing to seasonal demand and backlog build as our customers and channels positioned themselves to meet their forecasted demand.  Importantly, before we get all wound up trying to quantify the impact of channel inventory stocking and inflationary prebuy and how it impacts quarterly demand, let's not lose sight of the fact that total marketplace demand is robust, which is reflected on our backlog and which also leads us to revise our revenue growth guidance upward for the full year to 10% to 12%. So put succinctly, it's not prebuy if we don't remove it from the full year revenue estimates.  Still early in the year and we will continue to produce to meet customer demands and watch our backlog and order patterns. We'll have more color on the drivers of demand, and our revenue performance, including contribution of market share gains as we progress through the year.  For now, we are focused on executing operationally in demanding conditions to win in the marketplace. But we clearly believe that favorable demand conditions remain durable through the year.  Let's move to profitability. Q1 was solid with consolidated adjusted segment margin at 19.1%, 320 basis points higher versus the comparable quarter. This was supported by strong volumes, favorable mix of products delivered, positive price [technical difficulty] continued operational discipline and efficiency initiatives, which more than offset input cost headwinds.  Strong profitability and continued focus on working capital management resulted in seasonally strong free cash flow, which was up $110 million compared to last year's first quarter or the comparable period.  With a solid Q1 under our belt, we look at the remainder of 2020 with constructive optimism. Strong order trends and a record backlog portend a robust top line outlook and we have confidence in our team's ability to navigate the supply chain challenges.  With that, we are raising our guidance for the year to 10% to 12%, all-in revenue growth and adjusted EPS of $6.75 to $6.85 per share, a substantial step up compared to our prior guidance.  I will skip slide 4 which provides a more detailed overview of our results for the first quarter. So, let's move to slide 5. Engineered Products revenue was up 2% organically as demand conditions improved modestly [technical difficulty] comparable period. Vehicle services entered the year with a strong order book and faced solid demand across all geographies and product lines. Industrial automation grew on automotive recovery and channel restocking and aerospace and defense shipments were solid. The business remains booked well into the second half of the year.  As expected, waste hauling was down year-over-year, given a lower starting backlog entering Q1, which was further impacted by component availability issues that constrain shipments in the quarter. We have forecasted this business to be levered towards H2 and order trends and backlog reflect that. Same dynamic for industrial winches, with revenue down in the quarter, but recovery in order rates. We expect a continued gradual recovery in this business over the year.  Margin performance in the quarter was flat year-over-year as volume leverage and pricing offset the negative fixed cost absorption in the capital goods portion of the portfolio. And Fueling Solutions was up 3% organically in the quarter on the strength of North American retail fueling as well as our software and systems business. Activity in China remained subdued. Order backlogs are up 13% and we expect our hanging hardware, vehicle wash and compliance driven underground product offerings to contribute positively due to an increase in miles driven and construction seasonality as we make our way through the year.  The segment posted another quarter of strong margin performance on higher volumes, productivity actions and mix, which is a continuation of the trajectory that we exited in 2020.  Sales in Imaging & Identification improved 4% organically, the core marking and coding business grew well on strong printer and services demand in North America and Asia, and was partially offset by a decline in consumables against the comparable quarter where customers stocked up on inks at the onset of the pandemic.  We also saw a nice pickup in serialization software sales. Textile printer sales remain soft as global apparel and retail remains impacted by COVID. Ink consumable volumes were up as we significantly improved ink attachment rates and we saw encouraging improvement in the pipeline and new printer sales as the quarter progressed.  Margins improved slightly in the segment on higher volumes and we were able to offset material cost inflation with strategic pricing during the quarter.  Pumps & Process Solutions posted 18% organic growth in the quarter on improved volumes across all businesses except precision components. Order rates and shipments for biopharma connectors and pumps continued to be strong. Industrial pumps had a solid quarter, driven by improved end market conditions and distributor demand. And polymer processing shipments grew year-over-year on robust demand in Asia and the US.  Precision components was down in the quarter though demand conditions stabilized in hydrodynamic bearings and compression parts, as well as broadly in China through new OEM builds remains impacted.  Adjusted operating margin in the quarter expanded by 890 basis points on strong volume, favorable mix and pricing. This team has moved this segment to best in class top line and bottom line metrics through a dedication to operational excellence, robust product development, and innovation management, and proactive and purposeful inorganic actions. It's a world class collection of assets that we will continue to invest behind.  Refrigeration & Food Equipment continued its solid momentum from the second half of last year, posting 18% organic growth. Revenue on new orders in beverage can making more than doubled year-over-year. Food retail saw broad-based increases across its product lines as key retailers resumed capital investment in product programs, plus we've seen good demand for some of our new product introductions and customer wins. Our natural refrigerant systems business in particular experienced robust demand in Europe and the US as customers are adopting more environmentally friendly solutions. The heat exchanger business grew on robust demand in Asia and Europe across all end markets. Foodservice equipment was down in the quarter, but saw a stabilization in chain restaurant demand.  Despite operational challenges in food retail due to availability issues with insulation raw materials, adjusted margin performance improved by 450 basis points, supported by stronger volumes, productivity initiatives and cost actions we took in the middle of 2020, partially offset by input cost inflation.  I'll pass it to Brad from here. 
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. I'm on slide 6. On the top is the revenue bridge. Our top line benefited from organic growth across all five segments, with particular strength in Pumps & Process Solutions and Refrigeration & Food Equipment segments.  FX benefited top line by 3% or $51 million. Acquisitions more than offset dispositions in the quarter by $15 million. We expect this number to grow in subsequent quarters.  The revenue breakdown by geography reflects strong growth in North America, Europe and Asia, our three largest geographic regions. The US, our largest market, posted 7% organic growth in the quarter on solid order rates and retail fueling, marking, coating, biopharma connectors, food retail and can making among others, and was partially offset by delayed shipments and waste hauling.  Europe grew by 13% in the quarter on strong shipments and vehicle aftermarket, biopharma, industrial pumps and heat exchangers. All of Asia returned to growth and was up 20% organically, driven by China, which was up 60% against the COVID impacted comparable quarter in the prior year.  Moving to the bottom of the page. Bookings were up 27% organically, reflecting the continued broad-based momentum we are seeing across the portfolio. In the quarter, we saw organic bookings growth across all five segments. Overall, our backlog is currently up $626 million or 39% versus this time last year, positioning us well for the remainder of the year.  Let's go to the earnings bridges on slide 7. On the top of the chart, adjusted segment. EBIT was up nearly $100 million and margin improved several 100 basis points as improved volumes, continued productivity initiatives and strategic pricing offset input cost inflation. Going through the bottom of the chart. Adjusted net earnings improved by $60 million as higher segment EBIT more than offset higher taxes, as well as higher corporate expenses, primarily related to compensation accruals and deal expenses.  The effective tax rate excluding discrete tax benefits was approximately 21.7% for the quarter compared to 21.5% in the prior year. Discrete tax benefits were $6 million in the quarter or approximately $3 million lower than in 2020. Right-sizing and other costs were $4 million in the quarter or $3 million after tax.  Now on slide 8. We were pleased with the cash flow performance in the first quarter with free cash flow of $146 million or $110 million increase over last year. Free cash flow conversion stands at 8% of revenue in the first quarter, which is historically our lowest cash flow quarter due to seasonality of our production. Let me turn it back to Rich. 
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Brad. Let's go to slide [technical difficulty]. We expect demand in Engineered Products to improve sequentially through the remainder of the year, which is supported by a robust backlog. We continue to see strong bookings trends in vehicle services and industrial automation. Aerospace and defense have significant revenue visibility through its government programs and is booked well into the second half of the year.  Order rates on waste handling improved significantly during the first quarter, though the shipment schedule will be levered towards the second half and we're watching the supply chain here closely, which is a stabilizer we expect a gradual recovery through the second half of the year.  As communicated on our investor meeting in November, we expect Fueling Solutions to post moderate organic growth for the year. There was a known headwind from EMB roll off in the US, but order trends support a number of positives offsetting it, including growth in systems and software, recovery in underground businesses and growth in vehicle wash. We also expect that Asia, China in particular, should stabilize and become a net positive for us in the second half. The ICS acquisition which we closed at the end of last year is off to a very good start as vehicle wash market is recovering healthily.  Imaging & ID is expected to perform well this year. Our core marking and coating business, stalwarts in 2020, is expected to continue to deliver low to mid-single digit growth with services and serialization products positively impacting performance.  Digital textile printing remains slow, although we saw a year-over-year improvement in ink tonnage sales in Q1 as we continue executing our strategy to attach consumables to machine sales. We expect recovery here in the second half.  Pumps & Process Solutions should have another solid year. Demand for biopharma and hygienic applications remains robust and trading conditions in industrial pumps rebounded quickly in the first quarter, and momentum should continue. Our recent investments in biopharma capacity were prescient, and we are well positioned to continue capitalizing on the secular growth story.  Plastics and polymers is expected to deliver steady performance as a global shortage of plastic and rubber as well as petrochemical investments are driving increased investment in processing plants. Precision components have stabilized and we expect it to contribute to year-over-year growth again in the second half of the year.  With its large backlog and high order rates, Refrigeration & Food Equipment is expected to have a strong year. New orders in the core food retail businesses have been healthy in the last few quarters as retailers that had paused their remodel programs last year amidst the pandemic are restarting these strategic initiatives.  Additionally, we are capitalizing on our leadership position in natural refrigerant systems both in Europe and also in the US, where we believe the recent mandate in California will foretell a trend among the other 49 states to mandate the transition to more environmentally friendly solutions. We also see good growth in our specialty product line and small format customers segment.  Belvac continues to work through a record backlog and had another significant bookings quarter in Q1. They are booked for the year. Our heat exchanger business is seeing strong order rates across all verticals and geographies. We are investing in capacity and new capabilities in these two businesses and are well positioned to capture growth.  Demand is stabilized in food service equipment at restaurant chains and we expect the institutional business to recover in the second half as students return to schools and traffic improves at stadiums and hotels. Our revised annual guidance is on page 10. We covered the most pertinent of these items [technical difficulty] and we summarized them here for your reference.  Finally, slide 11 puts expected 2021 performance in a multi-year perspective. Our 2019 investor presentation, we highlighted how the changes to Dover's portfolio over the prior decade shaped a less cyclical business and provided attractive through cycle returns. 2020 was proof of lower top line cyclicality in a demanding environment and our ability to protect profitability.  Operational excellence and operating margin expansion has been our priority over the last couple of years and we are on track to deliver more than 100 basis points of average margin expansion over that period. And we have the playbook and tools for this to continue.  Dover is positioned to deliver attractive double-digit EPS growth, in line with our long-term corporate targets communicated in 2019.  Before wrapping up, I'd like to thank everyone at Dover for their hard work delivering these results and their continued perseverance.  And that's the end of the presentation. So, Andrey, we can open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of J.P. Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Rich, this is the most excited I've heard you in a while. Way to jump out of your shoes there. The kind of rest of the year guidance, I just wanted to kind of get an idea of – you mentioned there, these kind of like – I think they were bookings tailwinds this quarter, but not necessarily revenue tailwinds. But when I look at kind of the rest of the year and I just kind of simply divide the rest of the year guide to quarterly just to get to a quarterly number, and keeping in mind the first quarter is usually like a pretty low number seasonally, it seems like sequentially to the rest of the year quarterly that you have EPS, EBIT kind of softening and actually down sequentially and sales basically kind of flattish for the rest of the year just on a quarterly – kind of simple quarterly divided by three, rest of the year divided by three. So, is there something like a fundamental that will drop off other than EMB? You'd mentioned a lot of these businesses have a second half that actually looks pretty good. Anything we're missing on this one? 
Richard Tobin: No. Look, at the end of the day, Q1 was stronger than we expected. So, I think that we're quite pleased in our ability to pivot operationally to get the product out the door. I think that we're probably being arguably conservative to get another quarter under our belt to see how much of that backlog and demand is being influenced by channel restocking and trying to get in front of raw material perceived price increases in the future. And I'm not entirely clear right now how much of Q1 overperformance was taken from Q2, which is seasonally when we kind of ramp. So, it's usually a low Q1, big move in Q2, Q3 and then kind of run for cash in Q4. You just can't do the math and say, well, historically, it's been this percentage of revenue and operating profit and this is what the seasonality is, and if I take Q1 as a proxy and I run my spreadsheet, it kicks out an extraordinarily high number, both on the revenue side and the operating margin side.  So, from the revenue side, I think fair enough, we may be a little conservative. We'd like to see our bookings go through Q2. I'll tell you sitting here in April that it's not deteriorating, which is a good news. So, that portends a pretty decent Q3 that we've got coming up, but we'd like to see how that develops over time.  Because make no mistake, there's a couple of things here. Operationally, it is getting kind of difficult out there in terms of sourcing raw materials, labor availability, a variety of different things out there. We had some headwinds in the first quarter, but I'll tell you that operationally, we plowed through. We're not out of the woods yet. Right now, we missed shipments in both ESG and in retail refrigeration because of component availability. I don't really know yet whether that's going to get better or worse.  My final comment, and I know this is a long answer, but you're at the head of the line and this is going to be the question we knew we were going to get, is from a margin point of view, and I think that I discussed this at the end of 2020, the incremental margin expectation for Q2, because the comp is so good, has been overstated on margin because of our ability to use furlough mechanisms that were subsidized by the government, meaning we can take production people off of our payroll because we had subsidies in place to account for it. So, you actually have a snap back of costs. Now, we're in pretty good shape because our revenue is up so much, so we should be able to absorb it. But I think, by and large, what I've seen that there's an expectation in industrial world where the incremental in Q2 margin performance is a lot higher than we would expect.  The second answer on the margin performance in the balance of the year is we really expect to accelerate in refrigeration over the balance of the year. So, we've got this big backlog. It's up to us to get it out. So, out of the growth that we expect in the balance of the year, a lot more of that growth is going to – from refrigeration than it was in Q1. And as you know, that is dilutive to margins as they go forward. So, I would caution you not to take Q1 incremental margins and just multiply it by three.
Steve Tusa: One last question. Q2 EPS, will they actually grow sequentially? 
Richard Tobin: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Without question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup. 
Andy Kaplowitz: Rich, maybe following up on margin. You've been asked before about achieving a 20% adjusted segment operating margin many times. You did just record over 19%. Obviously, a strong quarter there. And we know one quarter doesn't dictate a trend. But is 20% as a long-term target, maybe too low at this point, given how well you're operating in the businesses?
Richard Tobin: Well, I didn't expect that one today, Andy. Look, I'll put it this way. We're pleased with the operational performance and we're pleased with the mix impact on the operating margin, clearly reaching 19% at the segment level in Q1 of 2021. The 20%, I guess, is earlier in reach than even we had been modeling it in the past. Now, that is going to be – I'm not going to do this big mix discussion again. I guess over the balance of the year – so number one, the answer is we're going to get to 20% earlier than we thought based on current trajectory. So, what that means – I'm not putting a target out there yet. We'll give you one maybe in Q3.  What we are going to fight against between now and the end of the year, we've discussed the mix impact of margins, is inflationary input costs between raw materials, labor, and price costs. As we discussed, at the end of 2020, we were on the front foot in terms of getting price out there. Think about it in terms of inventory change, the inflation on the raw materials was not in our inventory. So, you get positive price cost early in the transition as long as you stay on the front foot. Now, we're going to be really closely watching price cost over the balance of the year in terms of net realization. So, we would have expected to get the biggest benefit in Q1. By and large, that's where we expect it. The way it's looking, we may have to intervene on price, again, in certain of the businesses over the balance of the year. And that will impact the margin performance.  So, yeah, look, 2020 when we put the target out there was 400 basis points improvement, I think, from the time period we put it out there. Clearly, I think we'll be revisiting those longer-term targets sometime this year.
Andy Kaplowitz: Just following up on he sort of the confidence level in DRFE in the sense that you've got now a couple quarters of revenue and backlog. I did notice you talked about increasing capacity at Belvac in heat exchangers. So, you've said before, Rich, that it could be a multi-year cycle in this business. Does the confidence level go up around that sort of comment in the past? Do you see potential for double-digit growth, mid-teens margins? Is the confidence level around that higher now?
Richard Tobin: Well, it's getting higher with every passing month of the backlog build. So if you go back and look at the comments, refrigeration gets a lot of the color, it's the biggest piece of the segment, their backlog continued to build. That's the one that we said that we're relatively confident that we're in kind of a secular growth period for, we would say, 36 months [indiscernible] see it. I think it's been augmented now by transition to CO2 which should be somewhat of a tailwind that we didn't really recognize maybe even six months ago. So I think that's helpful. And how long the transition from expanding capacity in can making and the transition from PEP to aluminum, how long that goes, remains to be seen. As Brad mentioned I think in his comments, we're booking well into 2022 now.  On the heat exchanger side, I think that we are outgrowing the market quite frankly. I think that we've got some unique positioning, especially in heat pumps. We are expanding capacity now. So, based on new product launches and expanded capacity, I think that we can outgrow the market. But generally speaking, that's a low-single digit growing market over time. We'd like to see if we can push through and kind of outperform. 
Operator: Your next question comes from one of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: On the supply chain stuff, it doesn't sound like it's the stuff that's front and center in everybody's mind, i.e. semiconductors. It sounds like it might be kind of more basic sort of stuff. Could you actually elaborate a little bit on the on the types of pressures you're seeing and how widespread they are?
Richard Tobin: I think we have some exposure on electronic components. It's not huge, but it does impact a few of our businesses. And that is more not chip bait. That is logistics supply chain based. So, you can go take a look at what's going on in the Port of Los Angeles right now. I'm hoping that that will unbuckle now that COVID seems to be passing. But a lot of that is just moving the materials that are sourced out of Asia.  But the whole freight logistics chain is kind of – I guess it's tight right now. And it's tight. And it's reflected in the logistics costs that we've had to bear. And it's tight in terms of getting the deliveries we want.  But then, like anything else at Dover, becomes very anecdotal because we're not vertically integrated industrial, making one product. So, we've had issues with hydraulic components in ESG. We'd have issue with lighting systems in refrigeration. So, there's a laundry list of things. But for the most part, it's, let's call it, supply chain logistics constraints that are impacting us.
Jeff Sprague: Pump & Process margins did look, I guess I could say, awesome. I would assume there's an unusually rich mix in the quarter. But maybe you could just provide a little bit of color on what you think kind of normalized margin rates are in that business?
Richard Tobin: It is a very good mix in the quarter. We made that presentation last year about our biopharma and single use pumps business. I kind of tried to give everybody idea what that business was capable of delivering at. So, that was a business because of its capacity utilization is running – is converting at gross margin level right now, which is very healthy. We're watching it closely. Right now, it is actually a short cycle business. We're trying to build our backlog, but we really don't have a lot of visibility. So I think that we're being prudent in terms of our second half estimates, in terms of how long that goes.  On the industrial pump side, it's actually been quite robust also, but that's more channel inventory. Interestingly, we had a very good performance in China in the pump business in Q1, and it's been some time since we've seen that, and the margins were quite healthy. And you have to recall that the management had been very proactive in taking costs out in 2020. And so, we have the roll forward benefit on the industrial pump side on the margin moving into 2021. So, that was quite healthy. I think on pumps and polymers, this is a business that I think that the management team has effectively doubled the margin in the last three years. So, gross margins in that business are healthy again.  So, overall, what's going to impact the margin the most is going to be mix. Even when precision components does come back in the second half, it's not overtly dilutive to it. Slightly so. The bigger issue is going to be how does demand hold up on single use pumps in the second half of the year?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just a first question around just the organic sales outlook. So, heard you loud and clear on the RFP getting better as you go through the year. I just wondered if you could revisit perhaps the organic growth outlook by segment. You gave numbers on the Q4 call for each one. Just wondered in the context of your higher organic growth guide, it looks like about two points maybe firm-wide, which were the divisions that really led that organic growth increase for the company overall?
Richard Tobin: Let's start at the top. If our capital goods businesses return in the second half, as we would expect, that would meet our original forecasts, I think it's – vehicle services group looks to be poised to get a – probably a full point of organic growth that we did not expect at the beginning of the year.  The printing and ID business is performing as expected. Clearly, the upside is if textile comes back in a robust fashion in the second half. Right now, we don't have the backlog that would support that thesis. But if it turns, we'll probably have a lot more color on that one at the end of the second quarter.  DFS looks like it may have a point, if not two. One of those points is based on the acquisitions that we've made. So, you get a point of growth there. When that rolls into organic or not, I have to look in the calendarization of blah, blah, blah. But just in terms of total, that's why we gave out total growth early on here and didn't try to parse it between organic and inorganic, but we may get a point of growth. We'd like to take a real close look on OPW or the undergrad portion of it and see how it develops on hanging hardware. But we'd expect that to get better over the year, offsetting what's likely to be the negative EMB headwind that we have on the above ground side in the second half. I answered Jeff Sprague's question about Pumps & Process Solutions. So I've gone through that one.  And look, our backlog in DRFE, Belvac adding to its backlog doesn't do anything with the revenue. They're going to pause, it's purely execution now, how much of that backlog they can realize. And we just expanded capacity there to help them do it. I think the outlier is going to be refrigeration. So, we've got a real robust backlog. That is a short cycle business. So, we don't have – I think we may be eating into the beginning of Q3 right now in terms of orders. So we don't have anything for Q4. I think we probably need another quarter to kind of get that tightened down.
Julian Mitchell: Definitely, the operating margin, you sound very confident in that 30-percent-ish conversion range off a higher sales number. The free cash flow margin guide is similar to before, higher free cash flow, I suppose in dollars because of the revenue guide increase. The capex guide is unchanged. So, you're just kind of dialing in, maybe – look, it's a very complicated operating environment that may put some extra strain on working capital over next six months. Maybe just help us understand what impacts we see in the cash flow from these constraints on components and so forth? Not so much the P&L.
Richard Tobin: Okay, a couple of things. We are giving latitude to our businesses to build working capital to compete for market share at this point, number one. And number two, I think that we mentioned, at the end of the year, we've given some latitude on working capital to prebuy their own raw materials to get in front of what we expect it to be inflationary environment.  The fact of the matter is, in Q1, the performance is based on a couple things. Number one, we did not – our payables balance exiting 2020 was not as high as it had been in previous quarters. So, there wasn't a snap back in terms of making those payables in Q1 that we've seen in the past. And quite frankly, our conversion or velocity of working capital in Q1, because the revenue was what it was, was a lot higher than we would normally see. So, look, [indiscernible] hit your nail on the head. In absolute terms, if we're guiding the revenue up and the margin looks like it's proactive, then in absolute dollars, then free cash flow should move at the same. We're working really hard on it. And I think that we probably like a quarter or two can revisit the metric as a percent of revenue. But for right now, I think we're confident that absolute dollar cash flow would be quite healthy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Just a follow-up question on sustainability of margin in Pumps & Process Solutions? Do you guys have a sense on dynamic between, particularly in biopharma, between the base business, diagnostics, and other COVID related stuff? Just sort of thinking, if you look at life science companies, right, some companies are more exposed to tests. So, those may turn negative next year. But then other companies say, hey, going into 2022, there's enough base year building that it's going to be sort of sustainable growth into 2022. So how should we think about that business?
Richard Tobin: Well, you basically have the Q&A that we give to the person that runs that business for us, and we try to unpack that. The only recent data that we do have is that development for follow-on vaccines looks like it's quite robust, number one, and that there was a view at some point that you are going to move from skid development to much larger incubators over time and that transition is negative to single use and we don't see it right now. Now, does that change between now and the end of the year? Our view? I'm sure it will change every quarter as we work through it. And that's why we're being a bit cautious in terms of the duration of the demand that we have in that particular sector. Because if it goes to large incubation, then the volume or the demand, this is a business that's been growing in the high teens for 24 months now. When that begins to roll over, right now we don't see it. I can tell you that right now, we're expanding at capacity again in the case that it's durable. But it's hard to say right now.
Andrew Obin: Just sort of thinking about refrigeration. This sort of, A, what I'm trying to get at sort of thinking about normalized margins for refrigeration. When do you think we will hit normalized volumes? And how should we think about incrementals in refrigeration? You did say it's going to be negative for the mix. But given all the restructuring, could these guys have high incrementals and corporate average for the rest of the year? So, two questions.
Richard Tobin: I don't know. I'd have to go do the sums for corporate average, but our expectation that they will be a larger contributor to year-over-year profits in at minimum Q2 and Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch of Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: Rich, I'm wondering if we could just maybe provide a little bit more context around your strategic pricing, whatever you'd like to offer. So, sort of what businesses – are you raising prices? What businesses do you still have to raise prices for? And what's the channel reception? Is everybody else doing it too? And just any kind of context you could provide us? Is this also going to get worse as they go throughout the year? You think it's going to kind of hold where things are?
Richard Tobin: Can I say hard to say, John? Look, we're raising prices – this all started with raw materials. So, you can go through our portfolio. Clearly, the capital goods side has got the biggest exposure to the raw materials and they were on the front foot at the beginning. And from what we can see, so far, it looks like the entire complex is following along. Now it takes 90 to 180 days to see what realization is because you get pricing out there, then you got inventory turns, and blah, blah, blah. So, that's where it started.  But the fact of the matter is, I get it that the Fed doesn't want to recognize inflation. But there is inflation. And it's not just the raw materials because raw materials are in the sub-components that we buy from our vendors who are trying to pass along the same kind of price increases that goes into our bill of materials and everything else. And clearly, at the assembly level, on labor, availability is becoming a problem. And that is beginning to start to move up labor costs over time. So, it's now gone from – it's the capital good sides that are buying a lot of raw materials. Now it's moving into the assembled components portions of the business, that is going to have to accommodate that over the balance of the year.  On top of that, as I mentioned before, logistics costs, we ship a lot of product that's FOB. It's more inbound logistics costs than it is outbound logistics costs. But freight costs are going up because – God forbid you have to air freight anything right now, it's a bit of a negative. So, we are going to be on it in terms of price costs. And it's hard for us because of the disparity of the SKUs that we have in this portfolio. It's not like we're making cars. So we're going to be on it. And it's a trailing number and we're going to have to do it as a combination of as the numbers come out and our intuition going in. But at worst, it's going to have to be a scenario of net neutral.
John Inch: At worst, okay. Interestingly enough, does this provide a framework or opportunity for Dover if this tentacle of inflation or these tentacles of inflation really kind of proliferate to start to raise prices, perhaps not on so much a surgical basis? So, it's sort of implied in your answers, the channel is not really resisting. People aren't saying, excuse me, you can't raise prices in this regard, we'll go to competitor B or whatever. None of us want to see rampant inflation. But if there's mild inflation that's across the board, can Dover start to raise pricing in other areas that maybe aren't quite as affected, but still help your profitability, particularly if the channel is kind of more willing to accept because of general inflation, blah, blah, blah?
Richard Tobin: Well, I guess the answer is yes. But let me give you an example. We have raised prices in refrigeration and lost volume because of it. Because we're more interested in that particular business to raising the operating margin. And as a material component of the market structure, it's up to us to lead the market and stop complaining about the fact that there's no pricing power in it. So, that's an example there.  We've got certain other businesses where our gross margins are significantly higher. And there, we may waive it off because if we've got an opportunity to grab share, now's the time to do it. So, we don't manage the portfolio and giving a – here's the three bullet points and everybody go execute it. We do it based on market structure, competitive environment, and a variety of other things. So, it's a combination of a variety of things. Whether it's price cost, positive defaults to the bottom line, or market share gains and gross margins that fall to the bottom line, we'll take it either way.
Operator: Your next question coming from the line of Scott Davis of Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Rich, I don't think you mentioned in your prepared remarks anything about the M&A pipeline. Is there any light at the end of the tunnel with the higher valuations that you're seeing out there or availability of assets?
Richard Tobin: Well, I guess the good news, Scott, is that as our margins move up, we can be more expansive in terms of what the multiple was willing to pay because if we wound the clock back a couple years ago, a lot of what we looked at was trading at a much higher multiple that we're trading at and we've gone a long way of fixing it. So, yeah, we're looking at some interesting things in the pipeline. Look at the cash flow this year, is proactive. So, as I mentioned at the end of last year that we're going to make some quicker decisions probably this year in terms of capital deployment or capital return. So, yeah, I think that – look, the management team here was challenged to deliver margin accretion over time on the base portfolio. And the trade-off was, if you do so, then we're going to reinvest in your businesses. We've done that on an organic basis in a meaningful way. I think that we've got certain portions of the portfolio that have earned the right now to be a little bit more expansive inorganically. So, we're probably more on the front foot today than we've been in my tenure here.
Scott Davis: You'd mentioned, I think, at one of the conferences a couple of new automation projects that you guys are doing, I think, in vehicle and waste. But can you give us a little bit of color on those projects? And any sense of how do you cadence stuff like that into an up cycle when you're trying to manage high demand, but also you might have some downtime and such to implement projects?
Richard Tobin: Yeah, you've got to be careful. I think that we've done a few of them here now. So I think that we're getting better at them in terms of how much inventory do we have to prebuild to accommodate for execution risk. I'm confident that I think that the two bigger ones that we have going on right now, we've got – just like we did in refrigeration – the floor space to accommodate kind of the CapEx portion of the project, to run on the installed base. So you've got a transitory period, but it's not as if you have to shut down to redo the plant and do it that way. It's kind of you build it on the side and you just open it up over time.  A lot of what else we're doing now is we're doing a lot of work on the machining centers. And that's productivity related that we're spending pretty heavily in right now. And that's some of our lower gross margin businesses. We're trying to kind of bring those up over time. And we've got some real interesting ones going on in some of our higher volume throughput businesses on inspection technology that is allowing us to increase capacity without expanding the physical footprint. And that's the one I referenced before on the biopharma side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs. 
Joe Ritchie: Rich, we talked a little bit about inventory levels being low and the demand environment remaining robust. So, it's clearly like not a pull forward in demand. I'm just wondering, like, when you think about raw material availability in 1Q and some of the supply chain disruption that you saw, was there a certain amount of revenues that you couldn't book in 1Q that got pushed out into 2Q? Maybe some color around that would be helpful. 
Richard Tobin: No, overall, as a corporation, we overdeliver. I would have expected that we could have forced through the funnel. If I told you about the meetings we were having around here in early January about our Q1 forecasts, we were yelling at everybody about moving them up. And then we've got a lot of demand. And I would have expected that we would have had – we had anecdotal issues that I referenced, but the fact of the matter is, in total, we over delivered. So, what went on in Pumps & Process Solutions as a whole, their ability to get that amount of product out in an intra-quarter period where they actually didn't even have all those orders, I think, was impressive. So, we did lose some volume in ESG. We lost some volume in refrigeration. But overall, we over deliver them what I would have expected if I looked at kind of backlog conversion expectation going into the year.
Joe Ritchie: I guess maybe just kind of following on that conversation with John on price cost. It looks like you've got about 80 basis points of price this quarter. You made some comments around – not all the costs are inflationary costs that would be in your inventory. So, I'm just curious to see whether it's discussing the price cost impact in 1Q or how you see that playing out for the rest of the year. I'm just curious to hear how you're thinking this is going to – the trajectory is going to look like going forward?
Richard Tobin: I think that we would have expected to be positive in Q1 just because of the timing of the action that we took on pricing, which actually started in Q4 of last year. And then it gives then between what's stuck in inventory and then what is pre-announced kind of these – the price increases effective April 1 and how does that drive backlog and whether you can reprice that backlog. I think that we're vigilant about it. But bottom line is, the only way we're really going to know is over time. So, I don't know Q2 right now, whether we're going to be price cost, whether it's going to be a credit or debit. I think it's going to be a credit, right? But between announced price increases and price realization, and all of the noise around the subcomponents because you can't measure inflation and you can do it for raw materials and castings because it's kind of bulk orders and you only have a few suppliers, but you're talking about subcomponents across this portfolio, it's quite difficult to measure. So, Brad and I were discussing it this morning. It's the one thing that we've got to really keep our eyes on. And look, we'll have more color on it by the time we close Q2.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just taking a step back on kind of the recovery as a whole here, Rich, you guys are going to be back to pre-COVID levels pretty soon and certainly before year end, it looks like. Where are you seeing evidence that this is maybe a stronger recovery versus the line that you used earlier that you had some pent up demand from 2020? Like, is this a stronger cycle? Or is this sort of catch up on stuff that really should have gotten done last year?
Richard Tobin: All of the above, Josh, I guess. Look, if we go back to 2019, we've introduced a lot of new products, believe it or not, between our 2019 base and our 2021 trajectory. We've also been, I want to say, overly active in M&A, but we did some inorganic investments from 2019 through 2021. So, those end up being topline credits. Forget what the total aggregate demand environment is.  Look, the recovery looks like it's broad based at the end of the day. There are trade-offs were, in 2019, certain geographies are stronger, and now they're weaker, but they have their own reasons why. I think that the only one that we can really point to where there's an inflection of the demand environment is refrigeration. But we talked about that, leading into 2021, where we went through a three to four year period where the capital base was under invested by big box retail and now we're going into a cycle. We're calling it a three year cycle. Let's hope it's four. And then you've got some interesting changes in in – structural changes like that are impacting things like Belvac where this transition to aluminum cans is kind of cyclical where you know that business hasn't grown in a very long time. And now it's making a pretty sweeping transition for COVID reasons and environmental reasons. So, the 2019 base is important, but we would have expected that if we rebased 2019 for new product launches and acquisitions, that base would have been higher anyway at the end of the day, if that answers your question.
Josh Pokrzywinski: We've sort of beaten some of the backlog discussion to death, but maybe just one more for good measure. You mentioned that you were able to get a lot of product out the door in the first quarter. Wasn't really a lot of bottlenecks on your side. But a lot of the commentary about backlog seems kind of second half focused. Is there a point at which lead times sort of temper the order intake that folks say, hey, I'm not going to get this for a while, so I'm going to hold off and see what life is like? Or is it the inverse? Because it just seems like there's an awful lot of backlog pretty early in the year. 
Richard Tobin: It depends on the business at the end of the day and the market structure. We tend to compete in some pretty concentrated market structures where unless there's a disparity between us and an individual competitor, that's what we're competing with. I think it remains to be seen whether the distribution demand begins to – that rate of increase slows down because if it's not liquidating – it's not liquidating out of distribution inventory at the same pace that it's coming in, then, obviously, it's going to slow down. It's a bit too early to tell, quite frankly. So, the long lead time items where markets are concentrated, I don't think it's going to have a negative impact on the short cycle side. What we're trying to do on the short cycle side is forcefully build the backlog because generally speaking, the bigger backlog that we are, the more efficient we are as producers, but that is going to be tied up on the competitive environment and product availability and everything else. So we'll see. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year Ending 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Speakers today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. This call will be available for playback through February 18, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. Dollar provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. We want to remind everyone that our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to uncertainties and risks, including the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy and our customers, suppliers, employees, operations, business, liquidity and cash flow. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for the first -- for the quarter and for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement.  We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. And with that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andrey. Good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 3. Order trends have remained positive across the majority of our portfolio since September, and we had a strong finish to the year. Our year-over-year backlog is up 21% as a result of general recovery trends across the portfolio, a meaningful increase in the CFRE segment backlog and some recognition from our customers that raw material costs and supply chain constraints are becoming more challenging into 2021, driving preorders in some markets.  Revenue at $1.8 billion was flat versus the comparable period. Adjusted segment operating margin at 17.1% was flat despite unfavorable revenue mix during the quarter.  For the full year, revenue was down 6% and adjusted segment margin up to 16.7% as a result of structural cost savings, center-led strategic initiatives, tight cost controls offsetting the impact of fixed costs under absorption. As we discussed at length in Q3, we are driving towards a strong cash flow performance in the fourth quarter, and we got it, with full year free cash flow increasing 24% over 2019, achieving 14% of revenue. This is what we would expect to happen as we liquidate working capital in excess of lost profits impact, and as a result of efficiency gains from our back office consolidation program.  With that backdrop, we look into 2021 with conservative optimism. Our order book is solid, albeit with a different mix as compared to last year, with DFRE having a material positive impact to the top and bottom line in '21. We are executing on many initiatives other than structural cost takeout that are expected to deliver margin improvements, which I'll cover later in the presentation.  With that, we are initiating full year guidance of 5% to 6% organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS of $6.25 to $6.45. I'll not spend a lot of time on Slide 4, which is a more detailed overview of the results of the quarter. So let's move to Slide 5.  Engineered Products revenue declined on lower shipments in CapEx levered markets such as industrial winches, waste handling equipment and vehicle services. ESG had a tough Q4 comparable to overcome and VSG was coming off a strong Q3, so the performance was largely expected, both have strong backlogs into 2021. And the Aerospace & Defense business had a strong quarter that ended a record year for the business, and demand in industrial automation has shown robust recovery contributing to our backlog as global auto sequentially ramps production. In Fueling Solutions, as we discussed at the end of Q3, the comparable benchmark for Q4 was tough. Despite the top line pressure, the segment posted another quarter of strong margin performance on lower volume as our as our productivity actions remain durable.  We are beginning to see the mix benefits from our Helix and Anthem dispenser products, which we believe are winning in the marketplace. We completed the acquisition of Innovation Control Systems in the fourth quarter, which is a great addition to our vehicle launch platform. ICS is a leading supplier of access, payment and site management solutions and software, which fits into our strategy of driving long-term value from the large installed base of retail fuel sites, which we presented in October.  Sales in Imaging & Identification declined 3% organically, the core market and coating business grew on continued healthy demand for consumables and improvement in demand for principal equipment, with particularly healthy activity in the United States. Digital textile printing CapEx remains slow, but we began seeing recovery in demand for consumables and small format machines, which are likely harbingers of conditions normalizing in 2021. Imaging & Identification is our highest gross margin segment. The marketing and coating business has delivered commendable margin performance this year holding the profit line virtually unchanged. However, decrementals and textile printing on lower volumes weighed on the segment margins in Q4 and during the full year, we expect this to begin reversing progressively into 2021.  Pumps & Process Solutions returned to top line in the fourth quarter on strong growth in biopharma, medical and hygienic applications. We also began seeing cyclical recovery in industrial pumps which posted growth after several soft quarters. Compression components in aftermarket continued to be slow, but recent trends in natural gas and LNG markets gives us grounds for optimism going forward.  The fourth quarter closed off a solid margin performance in this segment, with margins expanding 150 basis points in Q4 and 220 basis points for the full year. This was driven by broad-based productivity efforts, cost controls, favorable mix and well-timed capacity expansion in biopharma and medical, which we highlighted earlier in the year.  Refrigeration & Food Equipment posted 13% organic growth, with all businesses except Food Service Equipment delivering the increase. A significant portion of the growth came from the well-advertised strength in can making. We are also very encouraged by activity in core food retail market, which grew organic top line at high single digits in the quarter, driven by the continued strength in the door case product line, where we saw double-digit growth for the full year. The heat exchanger business grew on robust demand in heat pumps and residential applications as well as refrigerated, transport and industrial applications like semiconductors and data centers.  Margin performance effectively improved, supported by volume and actions we took in the middle of 2020. Absolute earnings increased 71% in the quarter over the comparable period. This margin before, coupled with the upcoming ramp-up of automated case line and food retail, positions us to deliver material margin expansion in 2021.  I'll pass it to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide 6. On the top is the revenue bridge. Our top line continued its recovery, with sequential improvement in organic revenue over Q3. Several of our businesses, including short-cycle industrial pumps and heat exchanges, returned to positive growth in the quarter, while biopharma, aerospace and defense, marketing and coding, food retail and can making continued their positive growth trajectory from prior quarters.  FX benefited the top line by 2% or $34 million, driven principally by a strengthening of the euro against the dollar. Acquisitions more than offset dispositions in the quarter by $12 million. We expect this number to grow in subsequent quarters.  Revenue breakdown by geography reflects sequential improvement in each major geography, except -- with the exception of Asia. The U.S., our largest market, posted a 1% organic decline in the quarter, an improvement over the 4% decline in Q3 on progressively improving order rates and a strong quarter in biopharma, marking coding, food retail and can making, among others. Europe declined 3% organically, driven by retail fueling and a difficult comparable quarter in vehicle services, though partially offset by continued strength in several of our Pumps & Process Solutions businesses.  All of Asia was down 11% organically, driven principally by China, which was down 16% organically. This result in China was not unexpected as we continue to face headwinds in retail fueling due to the expiration of the underground equipment replacement mandate.  Moving to the bottom of the page. Bookings were up 2% organically, reflecting the continued momentum we see across our businesses. In the quarter, we saw organic growth in 4 out of our 5 segments. The fifth segment, fueling solutions, faced a difficult comparable quarter in the prior year, as previously discussed. Overall, our backlog is currently up approximately $300 million or 21% higher compared to this time last year, positioning us well as we enter 2021.  Let's go to the earnings bridges on Slide 7. We delivered improved sequential results in the quarter after a significant decline in Q2 and a recovery in Q3. On the top chart, adjusted segment EBIT and margin were both essentially flat year-over-year as we -- as continued productivity initiatives offset negative organic growth and dilutive impact of FX on margins.  Going to the bottom chart, adjusted net earnings declined $1 million as higher taxes and corporate expense offset improved segment EBIT. The effective tax rate, excluding discrete tax benefits, was approximately 21.4% for the year compared to 21.5% in the prior year. Discrete tax benefits were $8 million in the quarter and $22 million for the year, or approximately $4 million lower than in 2019.  As we move into 2021, excluding the impact of discrete taxes, we expect the effective tax rate to remain essentially the same as 2020, at about 21.5%. Rightsizing and other costs were $21 million in the quarter, or $17 million after-tax, relating to several new permanent cost, containment initiatives and other items that we executed at the end of 2020.  Now on Slide 8. We are pleased with the cash performance in 2020, with full year free cash flow of $939 million, a $181 million or 24% increase over last year. Free cash flow conversion stands at 21% of revenue for the fourth quarter, historically our highest cash flow quarter, and 14% for the full year, a significant increase over the prior year. The call of last quarter's -- last quarter's earnings call, we decided to prioritize prudent working capital management over fixed cost absorption to close out the year, and you can see the value delivered in our year-over-year working capital comparison. We have strong revenue visibility into Q1 and confidence in our team's ability to match industrial production with improved customer demand.  With that, I'll turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Okay. Thanks, Brad. I'm on Page 9. Let me take a few moments to give you an update on our center-led initiatives that we outlined in our strategic plan in September of 2019. While we could have not expected but transpired in 2020, we posited at the time that our portfolio had through-cycle durability and that there were opportunities to drive synergies from our diverse portfolio to improve profitability over time. Despite this, we often hear a notion that Dover is a cost-out story, likely because we give measurable structural cost saving goals each year, implying a finite nature to such endeavor.  There's a lot more than cost reductions to our improvement journey, and we continue to reinvest a portion of the savings, so we'll give you a short update on where we are on these strategic initiatives.  True in 2019, we began with the rightsizing of our SG&A base after a significant portfolio change. This was necessary and required immediate intervention. Since then, the improvements have been driven by steady productivity and structural cost actions by our operating units, and from our investments in 4 core enterprise capabilities that generate very attractive return on investment and can be leveraged across the portfolio. The investments are substantial. By the end of this coming year, the headcount involved that center-led enterprise capabilities will have increased by over 50%. These are transformational initiatives touching every quarter of our global portfolio and delivering real results that you can see in our bottom line, and there is significant runway to drive value. We are investing in the following 4 enterprise capabilities, and I'll highlight a few results, but I would encourage you to review the stats in the slides.  First, Dover Digital on Slide 10. This work began in 2017 and accelerate in 2018 with the opening of our Dover Digital Center in Boston. We have over 100 e-commerce connected product and software experts dedicated to this event. This team helps our business lever each commerce at scale and improve the customer journey with ease of doing business as well as back end efficiency for sales and order entry. For example, this year, we target to reach a run rate of $1 billion of revenue processed through digital channels much of which is service parts and catalog items compared to $100 million in 2019. This team also helps our business connect their products and enhance their offerings, which we'll progressively highlight in future presentations as we did for fueling solutions recently.  This is a multiyear journey, value creation journey, and we are very excited about what lies ahead for our digital team.  Moving to Slide 11. Our Operations Center of Excellence is a central team of domain knowledge experts that delivers health and safety, supply chain management, lean operations and advanced manufacturing and automation. This team is instrumental in driving value through rooftop consolidation and automation projects. As you know, we have a number of these in the works. We are also excited about the results of the early lean initiatives spearheading. This is another multiyear journey that we continue -- we will continue to deliver results.  Moving on to Slide 12 is our central back office system, which we call Dover Business Services. We've been at this for several years, and we're still in the early innings of expanding the scale and scope of this capability. By centralizing and offshoring transactional back office facilities, we multiply efficiency through scale, technology leverage and unit cost arbitrage. DBS is and will remain an integral part of our margin enhancement story.  And lastly, moving to Slide 3. The India innovation center is more than 600 person strong team that our operating companies can leverage for product engineering, digital solutions development, data information management, research and development and intellectual property services. The scale and expertise of this team allows our operating companies to tap resources that would have been unaffordable to them as stand-alone companies. And allows for concurrent engineering on time-sensitive projects.  So let's sum this up on Slide 14. We laid out 4 pillars of our strategy in 2019, and have been delivering through cycle. We have maintained our focus on margin improvement and continue to invest despite the economic difficulties of 2010. Our end market exposures, coupled with the strategic R&D investments we are delivering attractive growth profile. We are committed to reinvesting in our businesses as a top priority and capital allocation to maintain competitiveness, fuel growth and improve productivity.  We are making good strides on the inorganic front. Finally, we're staying disciplined in our capital allocation by returning excess capital to our shareholders via growing dividends and share repurchases.  Moving to 15, where does this leave us going into 2021? We believe that our playbook offers us a significant runway to continue delivering attractive through-cycle returns through mid-single-digit top line growth, steady margin expansion, healthy cash conversion and disciplined capital allocation and shareholder-friendly capital return posture.  Okay. I'll step off the soapbox, and let's move on to 16. We expect demand in engineered products to rebound in 2021. We have seen strong bookings recently in vehicle services and industrial automation, with relevant automotive and vehicle usage statistics trending in the right direction. Bookings have also improved to retain in waste handling, and we are nearly fully booked for the first quarter. Municipal demand will remain uncertain, but we see strong trends in the parts and digital business. As we previewed in November, we expect fueling solutions to have a modest organic growth year. There is known headwind from EMV roll off in the U.S., but there are a number of positives [indiscernible].  We are encouraged by the prospects of our new Anthem user interface solution offering. We expect robust growth in our systems and software business, where we will be launching the industry-first cloud platform developed. We also see good setup for vehicle wash and are excited about having ICs in our portfolio. We expect Imaging & Identification to perform well this year. Marketing & Coading saw a limited downside in 2020, and we've been on a good trajectory in recent quarters despite the tough comp in Q1 due to COVID-driven consumable stocking. This further improvement in services travel restriction subside and activity and serialization software is also firming up. The biggest factor in this segment is, of course, the digital textile printing unit. Our initial read is for the recovery to take place in the second half of the year, that printers will be ramping up production for 2020 apparel collections.  Pumps & Process Solution is expected to have another solid year. We expect a robust growth in biopharma and hygienic applications, the continued recovery trend in industrial pumps, plastics and polymers is expected to deliver steady performance with a comparable basis to the second half bias to the second half. Precision components is likely to experience a slower start to the year, and we're still comping versus last year's first quarter, that saw robust upstream and downstream activity.  And finally, we expect a very strong year in Refrigeration & Food Equipment. The core food retail business is operating with a strong backlog and the order trajectory has been healthy in the last few quarters. We expect retailers that have paused their remodel programs last year amidst the pandemic to restart these strategic initiatives, and we are well positioned to participate in that activity. Additionally, we see a good outlook for natural refrigerant systems, both in Europe and also in the U.S. California was the first state to recently mandate transition to natural refrigerant systems.  We were the pioneers in the space, and we are very well positioned to capitalize on the sustainability trend in the industry. Belvac, as you know, is working through a record backlog and is booked for the year. Our heat exchanger business also exited 2020 with a record backlog instructive order trajectory across multiple verticals. This will result in material margin improvement in this segment on the back of the case production automation project, higher volumes, positive business mix.  We've covered most of the items on the earlier slides, but I summarize them here in this slide for your reference. As usual, before I wrap up, I'd like to thank everyone at Dover for their work and continued perseverance during this last year. The Dover team has delivered strong results in its difficult conditions. I commend all of our employees were doing that part. And Andrey, with that, let's move on Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: A lot of good additional information there. But just let me dig into like a couple of things, if I could, Rich. First, interesting what you said about kind of pre ordering are you able to fully protect yourself with price and hedging and other things on that type of activity that you're seeing from your customers?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Look, Jeff, I mean, I think we've got a couple of challenges going to Q1. Raw material prices are moving up. And there is a lot of constraint in logistics right now. I think that it's been going on somewhat through the fourth quarter. And it looks to be getting tighter going into the first quarter as economic activity moves up. So the bad news is, we're going to have to deal with those constraints, and we're going to have to be on the front foot in terms of offsetting raw mats in terms of whether it's either pricing or productivity. But I think that my comment about the backlog, it is influencing demand in the backlog because, I think, that there's beginning a recognition out there of, "I've got to get my orders in because of these constraints." I mean, it's -- look at what's going on in auto, just as a precursor to that.  So I don't think it's bad in a way, and I don't think it's negative for us in terms of people placing orders in advance of raw material costs because, I think, that we've got some levers to pull there, and it's really short-cycle at the end of the day. The good news is, I think, to the extent that our backlogs go up from an S&OP process, we can plan more appropriately, and that drives efficiency at the factory level floor. So probably going to be a little bit of an interest in Q1, but I think, overall, it's not insurmountable.
Jeffrey Sprague: Right. And then just shifting to the DFRE. So it looks like you'll have the volumes here to fully kind of exercise the automation project. I suppose you don't want to get into margins by segments here. But can you give us a little color on how the margin should play out in that business? And is there any kind of -- other than kind of the normal seasonal peak that we'll be looking at? Any other kind of noise or movement in the margin trajectory there?
Richard Tobin: No. I would expect that the margins to comp well every quarter, but the seasonality of those margins to remain intact.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with Jpmorgan.
Charles Tusa: I think with the lots of buzzwords, Rich, not used to you kind of like topping at that high level about corporate strategy. But I think the message is that there's something like a little bit more sustainable than just like a couple of years of cost cuts than noticeable to me was the 25% to 35% incremental margin guide. And then the 11% to 13% of revenue in free cash flow in a year where I'll be growing pretty strongly. So basically, you should see some headwind. It shouldn't be like a great cash year, for example. I think, back in 2019, in the fall, you said 25% to 30% incrementals and 8% to 12% free cash as a percentage of sales. Are these kind of like sustainable step-ups that you'd hope to deliver over time as part of the earnings and cash algorithm?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Look, at the end of the day, we expect to be pulling on both levers, consistent margin expansion and cash flow productivity. So productivity and the working capital item. Bottom line is, as we've been saying all year, we would expect with the headwind that we'd be liquidating our balance sheet as we should in a difficult environment on the revenue side. We will have a working capital build because we've got a pretty robust revenue forecast going into '21. But do I think it's going to make our metrics worse? Not demonstrably so because I think that we're going to get the benefit of the margin expansion. And I don't expect to deteriorate at all in terms of working capital as a percent of sales.
Charles Tusa: And I would guess -- I mean, I look at that 11% to 13% of revenues. I mean, it's not like your CapEx is actually above what I would expect it to be. I mean, is the $175 million to $200 million now a sustainable run rate? Or is that something that you push some projects out of '20 into '21? Because I think you guys are planning on that coming down a bit that there were some temporary projects. What's the outlook for CapEx for the next couple of years?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean, we've got two new transformational projects underway, one in vehicle Services group, and one in ESG, which -- look, at the end of the day, they're not nearly the same scale of the new building that we did at CPC, and what we did at DFR, but it's the same logic. I mean, it's automating what we're pretty manual processes. So we think that we're going to get a relatively quick payback in terms of the margin expansion there. It's early in the year. I think that we've tended to always forecast a higher CapEx number that actually gets delivered. That number looks reasonable considering we've got 2 bigger projects. But -- so I don't want to take the number down right now or say it's an anomaly, but experience would say that it's probably a little bit high.
Charles Tusa: Right. But I mean, if you do 11% to 13% of revenue, even with that, it's not that bad. Just 1 quick one. You guys had talked about, I think, $25 million of temporary cost reversals as a headwind in can you just give us an update on that number, if there's anything that's coming back relative to what you did last year to protect the margins?
Richard Tobin: There's nothing I look. At the end of the day, we'll be building. We've got estimates of building it back some incentive comp and a variety of other things. But look, it's all built into the EPS forecast that we have there. Whatever the pullback of kind of -- let me -- let me answer you this way, right? We had coverage on furloughs, okay? So that was a positive this year because it deferred the cost of us having to take those people out to a certain extent.  What we're going to bring back is going to be absorbed into industrial production in the revenue line. So net-net, that's an indifference. So what we're talking about is general SG&A, And the bigger movements there were T&E and incentive comps. So let's think positive for a moment, the incentive comp comes back, I think, T&E is going to come back. But is it going to reach 2019 levels? No.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with City Group.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, with the understanding that we don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves in R and FE with the backlog that you have in the core food retail business picking up as well as the bell back deliveries ramping up, would you actually say that high single-digit forecast for '21 could even be conservative given the double-digit momentum that you saw in Q4?
Richard Tobin: It's a little bit early to...
Andrew Kaplowitz: I said we don't want to get ahead of ourselves.
Richard Tobin: Yes, let's get ahead of ourselves while we're not getting ourselves. Look, you know what, I think that the backlog is a good precursor for delivering the incremental margins that we're looking for from a segment point of view. Our expectation, it's the highest growth segment in our forecast right now. And I'd have to go back to look because it's a margin differential, but it's a material contributor to the EPS expansion. So to the extent the trend continues because this is a relatively short-cycle business, if I just talking about refrigeration now not Belvac. Belvac is booked for the year. So we get more orders for callback, it just gets pushed into 2022, frankly. So DFR, which is generally a short-cycle business, we're covered for Q1 and beginning to get coverage into Q2. Let's get Q1 under our belt before we start moving the number up.  But it's -- a lot of the total profit change that we have baked into the EPS is coming from that segment. By the way, and the reason when you could say, well, it's not overly aggressive in terms of the conversion rate. Remember, that's one of our lower-margin businesses so that's going to bring down the consolidated conversion a little bit. We'll take it in terms of absolute profits.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Very helpful. And then just in Engineered products, maybe just give us a little more color into what happened in the quarter in Q4? I know you said it was just basically expected to decline. Did you see any inflationary pressure in that segment in the quarter? And how are you thinking about the margin in that segment in '21?
Richard Tobin: It's not inflation. I mean, I think that if you go back in Q3, we -- the guys did a fantastic job in VSG of delivering off a backlog that had built during the quarter. So the production performance there was very, very good. And it actually add into Q4 from a comparable point of view. So that's not a problem there. And I mean the weak part of the market, which we've been talking about all year is municipal. And generally speaking, municipal tends to get delivered at the end of the year, so we know that they had a bad comp. Having said that, look, at the end of the day, those are -- that segment is more of our industrial businesses. So that's really where the raw mat headwinds are. And look, we're going to have to work that out between volume price and productivity. But I think, we fully expect, portfolio-wide, to offset all raw material headwinds.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Inch with Gordon Hafta.
John Inch: Chandra. If the economy were to rich really pick up starting, say, in the second half as let's present vaccine rollout is successful. Are you geared to handle what could be a material upsurge in demand? Or would you have to like we have to kind of come up with a plan to sort of debottleneck or expand capacity or bring a bunch of people back. How would that work?
Richard Tobin: The only area that we've got real capacity constraint would be in a niche business like Belvac. The balance of the portfolio does not run on even 5-day, 3-shift operations, quite frankly, for the middle part, we're a 6-day a week single shift group here. So to the extent that we have some amount of visibility, and to the extent that as economic activity ramps that the supply chain keeps up with it, which it isn't right now, I don't think that we are capacity constrained in any meaningful thing.  Having said that, I mean, in terms of top line growth, I think that we are expecting economic activity to kind of sequentially ramp through '21 even in our forecast. But are we capacity constrained outside of some of our niche your businesses? No.
John Inch: No, that's fair. You just mentioned supply chain, by the way. Are you at a point where you're trying to circumvent this? Or are you letting it wrong to see how it happens? Meaning, I don't know, possibly seek other suppliers, dual sourcing, that sort of thing? Or is it still sort of too early to tell?
Richard Tobin: No, no. We're doing everything under our power to get beyond this because whether that is buying raw materials forward because into the increase in curve on plates deal or sheet metal or something like that, which we're doing. We've been giving guidance to all of our operating companies that, from a working capital perspective, if they need to build at the beginning of the year and bleed it off in the second half of the year, we take the production performance and the efficiency of that rather than getting it to stop/start kind of scenario. And then there are certain a lot of the pinch points forget kind of logistics with container freight and everything else, some of the pinch points on electronic components. We're fighting it out with everybody else.
John Inch: Okay. No, that makes sense. Maybe -- maybe just lastly here. I'm actually really intrigued by the attention you put toward India, business services and so forth and deservedly so. If tower were a substantially larger company, would efficiencies in the initiatives like the Dover business services exponentially compound, I mean, you're not a huge company, right? So if you were, all of a sudden, to do M&A and become a lot larger, would sort of those benefits accrue as a compounded basis or prospectively at a linear basis? It's almost like can these things that you're creating serve to create for mechanisms to justify why Dover should actually continue to expand into adjacencies to create shareholder value?
Richard Tobin: Well, look, the reason that we're doing it is, as we said all along that Dover's reason to exist is to bring services at scale that are kind of our smaller companies would not be able to do on their own.  Having said that, as we build -- as we build those services, we're not even beginning to scratch the surface of the leverage that we get. Because the fact of the matter is, despite the robust trend and growth that we have, we're continuing to reinvest. At a certain point, you've built enough scale that bringing on another 100,000 transactions doesn't require you to build out anything more. So you flip over in terms of the benefit of that leverage.  Now having said that, we have a variety of conversations around here about being a compounder and doing something on the inorganic side. This is clearly an asset for us to extract synergy value of anything that we were to buy.
Operator: Appreciate it. Next question will come from the line of Scott Davis from Numis Research Research.
Scott Davis: Scott, Rich, can you give us a little bit more color on retail fueling in China. And just are we still decelerating? Are we kind of at a new normal demand level?
Richard Tobin: All right. Yes, that works. Thanks, Andre. I think this is the last bad comp for us. Which was on that double-wall issue. But having said that, the volume that we see out of, primarily, the NOx in China has been pretty low. We don't -- we had a big conversation around here the other day whether that's because of -- is the volume down, and we're missing out on it? Or is the volume just down? We've gone out to all of our traditional customers in China. We still rate very well in terms of the purchasing programs. I just think that, for whatever reason that 2020 was a down cycle in terms of kind of the NOC build-out of their retail operations. Early to say whether that recovers, and that's not really built into our forecast for '21. But at some point, it's going to have to.
Scott Davis: Okay. Fair enough. And then just as a follow-up, I mean, you talked a little about inventories, but it's hard to say, just given the diversity of your businesses, of course, but are inventories back to normal, you would say, at the customer level, as we've heard below term line inventories for several quarters now, so was back to normal in on double ordering?
Richard Tobin: Unfortunately, it's 1 of these. It depends, Scott answers. We have businesses like our industrial pumps business that sells through stocking distributors are early reads here in January is there's an amount of restocking going on because our backlogs and the industrial businesses there are building the same thing with material handling. Those backlogs are building. So I think it's fair to say that everybody is very prudent in terms of inventories on the distribution side. In '20, they -- now everybody is trying to make two calls. What is economic activity going to be in '21?  And the second thing I mentioned of if there are going to be supply constraints as everybody ramps sequentially, do I got to get on the front foot and get my orders in because there's a potential that some of those deliveries are going to be delayed outside of the quarter. So there's really two of those phenomenons going on. Do I think that they're severely under stock? No. But I think that, by and large, our stocking distributors are going to stock-based on what they think that the revenue is going to be and -- which is built into our forecast.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just a first question around any margin color by segment you can give. I see the $25 million to $35 million guide firm ahead of incremental margins. Any segments to call out being extreme ends of that spectrum? And maybe just to find a point, in DFS, should we expect operating margins to grow this year? Or that might be a challenge because of the EMV mix headwind?
Richard Tobin: There is plurality in terms of incremental margin with the exception of Engineered products, which would be slightly lower. So let's discuss why, right? The Engineered products is going to be slightly lower just because of the gross margin within that segment. And despite the fact that DRFE has lower gross margins at the segmental level, the revenue growth there is so high that you're getting a pretty big impact in terms of absorption benefit year-over-year. So, now, having said that, we do have structural cost savings that are rolling through at the same time, and that depends segment by segment. But I think that my comments here are -- I think you've got your finger on it for DFS because it's a relatively low growth environment, and it is a little bit negative because of the mix, but we think that we can make that up and do the product 3. So then the hierarchy would be Engineered products, the lowest and then the plurality, again, across the rest of the portfolio.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Then see the full year guide across the firm. Just wondered perhaps the first quarter, maybe just talk about orders and bookings in recent weeks? And should we expect the first quarter to look maybe a little better than Q4 in terms of year-on-year revenue and margin, but not substantially different until Q2?
Richard Tobin: I think the answer is yes, but that is a calculation that I have not done around here. I can just tell you that what you would expect is the toughest comp is Q1 to Q1 just because it's pre-pandemic to entering into '21, but we expect it to be better vis-à-vis Q1. Clearly, Q2 comp is going to be a relatively low bar to hurdle. And then the back end of the year is going to be as we mentioned during the color on the segments that we have certain businesses that we believe are back-end loaded, either because of seasonality or based on where they are in the recovery of those markets.  So we expect to be better in Q1, everybody is going to be better in Q2, and then regular seasonality from there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Just a question. You're definitely sort of starting to find all cylinders when it comes to operational storage is starting to deliver consistently on the operational algorithm. But can you just talk about how is your strategy on capital allocation, and, specifically, M&A is evolving going forward? And what kind of opportunities should we be thinking for 2021? And well, how it in terms of availability?
Richard Tobin: I think that the hierarchy, we've been over a variety of different times, so that's unchanged. I think in terms of opportunity, there's plenty out there, and a lot of it is very expensive for all the reasons that we've talked about. We're on the front foot, actually spent more if you go, I don't know the slide number was, we spent more in '20 versus '19.
Andrew Obin: That's exactly right.
Richard Tobin: Right. Yes. We tried to spend a lot more than that, quite frankly, but couldn't get it done because of valuation or a variety of different things. So look, I'm very confident in, as you described it, the operational algorithm here. I think that this is just a roll forward of what we've done for the last couple of years. So our confidence of converting revenue into incremental margin is quite high. I think we have a lot of businesses that have earned the right to grow inorganically. We just got to find the targets and execute on them without getting crazy.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just a follow-up, I think John has asked you about the supply chain. But how has your thinking about the supply chain has evolved throughout the COVID sort of pandemic? You manage it very well, but anything different that you guys are going to do going forward in terms of where you're sourcing? And I know it's at extension of John's question, but maybe more color.
Richard Tobin: Look, I mean, we're not -- our supply chains are relatively discrete. So any moves that we make are -- we're not auto OEM, and we have to make strategic decisions based on geopolitics and foreign currency and things like that. So we're changing it all the time to a certain extent. I think that the trade of buying low-value, high commodity price exposure, basic metal working out of Asia and bringing back to the U.S., I think that, that has been dying for a couple of years now, part and parcel of the reason that we're making some investments into VSG and ESG right now because we think that we can be more competitive and get the industrial absorption of doing it ourselves to a certain extent. But we're not we're not making big strategic decisions and not making big swings, but we're always trying to adapt the supply chain.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie: On maybe following on that last question, your comments around being front footed on M&A. Maybe just the flip side of that argument, given where valuation levels are right now, you could argue maybe there hasn't been a better time to looking at the portfolio closer in terms of maybe unlocking value on assets that you don't expect to be part of the portfolio longer term. So maybe just some thoughts on that, and how you're thinking about that specifically for 2021?
Richard Tobin: Joe, it's not changed. I mean we're constantly revisiting a variety of pieces of the portfolio. And that's really all I can say about it at the end of the day, right? We may have views on individual pieces, but we don't want that to get in the way of us extracting the maximum value that we can out of the pieces that we have. So I spent a lot of time here in terms of portfolio construction on both -- and more on the in and then the out. But we screen all of our businesses for their participation strategy and changes in the marketplace and everything else, not so much, "Hay, wait a minute, everybody is paying a lot for things." So maybe we should go to market. We look at it more as in terms of its hierarchy in terms of return on invested capital in the cup and whether they are advantaged or disadvantaged structurally over the next time horizon.
Joseph Ritchie: Yes. That makes sense, and I don't mean this to be a perfect segue, but I did want to talk about food retail to some degree. You talked last quarter about the fact that margins have gotten back to the low teens, remodeling had restored. I guess, how do we take the comments around like backlog and whether that backlog is building because it's been potentially more difficult to continue on the remodeling at this point given the current coronavirus cases surging? Just want to get a better understanding for whether you're getting on-premise access. And then secondly, how the margins have kind of even trended given being on the third quarter for the food retail business?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean, we're expecting big things from the retail food business this year. For sure, a lot of the deferments that happened because of COVID access and a variety of other forces are clearly what's building the backlog into '21. But having said that, we've gone through a 4.5- to 5-year cycle where there hasn't been even, we would argue, replacement or maintenance spending in terms of food retail. So there is some pent-up demand there. We think that we have a more competitive product now. We're changing the cost structure of that product.  And as we talked about before, our view is that what the customers really value in this business is being able to have the product available when they want it. And to the extent that now we've changed -- are changing the dynamic of our lead times, I think that's beginning to be reflected in our backlog. So this is expense. The management team of this business has spent 2.5 years, working real hard to transform this business. And our expectations in terms of profitability this year is material in terms of what's baked into our EPS.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: We have covered a lot of ground already. So I really want to talk about the sort of the frame of FY '21 you have layed out. And what struck me was your revenue growth range of 5% to 6% is quite tight and it implies good visibility, maybe some considers them. That's a good sort of a question. And the second is your range for margins, 25% to 35%, is quite a bit wide than we normally see. So we normally see more precision on margins and that's revenues in your vice versa. So I wonder if you could maybe point on that. And the width of the margin range, is that a function of portfolio mix primarily? Or is there just some insertion the raw material? Any color there would be helpful?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Nigel. I mean, look, I would expect that we are going to tighten both those changes progressively as we go through the year. But I mean, you've got your finger on it. I mean, we're predicting even if we go to the organic revenue, which doesn't have that mix, the margin does have FX in it. So we're predicting FX in advance of 12 months and predicting mix over a wide diverse portfolio in terms of gross margin. So we need to give ourselves a little bit of latitude there. As I mentioned in the previous question before, the good news is that refrigeration is coming back and in terms of absolute profits, it's going to be material to the bottom line. That's not really great in terms of consolidated conversion margin just because of the of the EBIT margin of that particular business. So if you go back to the question, I think, that was just asked before, well, could that revenue be higher?  Are we at an inflection point because there's really going to be -- and we're under forecasting refrigeration for the year. In a way, I hope we are. What that's going to do is push up the top line, but it's going to draw down the conversion margin, but we'll take the absolute profit. So it's our best guess right now. I guess, at the beginning of the year, we like to give us some latitude. I think that the history around here has been to try to hit the top, and we've caught every intention of trying to do so.
Nigel Coe: And then my follow-on is really the comment around the prebuy in PRAs or preordering because of supply change constraints, which makes total sense, and we're certainly hearing about supply chain constraints. But are you getting this feedback from customers? Is it your gut instinct telling you that this is happening? And therefore, should we expect there to be maybe a moderation in order rates in 1Q sort of as a consequence of that 4Q dynamic?
Richard Tobin: It is my gut feeling. We have a President -- operating company presidents meeting as soon as we finish up with your question, and that's one of the things we're digging into. But based on what we're seeing, in our own operations and the guidance that we are giving our own operations of, if you're seeing constraints out there, you better get on the front foot and start buying components to the detriment of working capital, which we know we can bleed off of the balance of the year, let's not miss out on deliveries and production performance. So if we're doing it, my expectation is that everybody is doing it. So I think it's to the detriment of order rates through the balance of the year? No, I don't. Because I think the backed in -- look, there's always going to be volatility quarter-by-quarter. But what's baked into our revenue forecast is shipments, for lack of better word. If there's some amount of -- and look, at the end of the day, you get a backlog that's in access to your first quarter production, you're probably not going to get it out anyway. So the good news, I think when I answered sprague before is, you know what, the longer -- the bigger the backlog that we have, the more efficiently we should be able to run our factories, and that's margin accretive.
Operator: The last question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Market.
Deane Dray: Would be interested in hearing what the dynamics are around that natural refrigerant, Rich, that you called out, can your equipment be used for that? Does it have to be retrofit? And how do you think this trend develops from here?
Richard Tobin: Well, we did a press release on it not too long ago. So you can see our view based on what the ruling for California was. We are a leader in the systems business in Europe, and Europe is probably 3 to 5 years ahead of the United States. So we have the technology. It's now going to be a question of what the adoption rates and where they are regulatory mandated or individual retail operations want to as part of ESG go green and begin adapting those solutions. So we feel really good about our position in terms of having the technology readily available.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just a second question unrelated. If the new administration is part of the stimulus program puts through some restrictions about buy American products, how is Dover's position just broadly if that restriction comes through?
Richard Tobin: I don't think it would be materially beneficial. Generally speaking, we've make and ship in the jurisdiction that we operate in as an overall comment.
Deane Dray: Could you be flexible in terms of your supply chain in terms of doing some sub as kind of lays in the U.S. to qualify? Just the last time just went through, that's what we saw companies were speaking on the on side.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think that if we were a big, vertically-integrated operation, yes, I think that there would be more of a challenge. We don't -- we won't bring in assemble product of any grand scale that you can break apart in containers and put value-added on that. I mean, I've been through this previous life. Yes -- look, at the end of the day, I don't think it's going to move the needle for us. The only thing that comes to mind is if we were a component part and somebody wants to source into the United States and had been sourcing -- and been importing. Is that an opportunity? I guess, sure. I wouldn't have any idea how to scale it right now, though.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer period and ends Dover's Quarter fiscal Year Ending 2020 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover’s Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our call. This call will be available for playback and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. We want to remind everyone that our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject uncertainties and risks, including the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy and our customers, suppliers, employees, operations, business, liquidity, and cash flow. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for the third quarter for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andrey. Let’s begin with the summary of results on Page 3. As we guided back in September, July, August trends were positive and we were exceeding our internal forecasts. This dynamic continued through September. In addition to the improving demand environment, we were very encouraged by our manufacturing operations and supply chain performance in the quarter. The solid operation execution had two tangible benefits in Q3. First, it increased our capacity to deliver higher volume than expected from the backlog and our long cycle businesses and as you see the positive impact to the top line. And second, through a combination of mixed and fixed cost absorption it drove a robust margin performance for the quarter. Demand trends continue to improve sequentially across most of the portfolio. The trajectory continues to vary by market and I'll talk more about that, but our diverse end market and geographic exposure is clearly an asset to us in the downturn. Revenue declined 5% organically and bookings are flat with a third of our operating companies posting positive year-over-year bookings for the quarter and more than half posting positive comparable growth in the month of September. We're not out of the woods yet, but the trajectory is encouraging and we continue to carry a healthy backlog going to the fourth quarter and into next year. We delivered strong margin performance in the quarter and year to date. We achieved margin improvement in the quarter despite lower revenue driven by our operational multi-year efficiency initiatives, gaining further traction and by improved business mix, some of which we highlighted at our recent investment day focused on the pumps and process solutions segment and biopharma business in particular. With the strong results to date, we expect to over deliver on our full-year conversion margin target and are now driving towards achieving a flat consolidated adjusted operating margin for the year. Cash flow in the quarter was strong at 17% of revenue, and 127% of adjusted net earnings. Year to date, we have generated 117 million more in free cash flow over the comparable period the last year, owing to a robust conversion management and capital discipline. As a result of our performance in the first three quarters of the year and a solid order backlog, we are raising our annual adjusted EPS guidance to [$5.40 to $5.45 per share]. We're not in the clear on the macro backdrop and performance remains uneven between markets, but we believe that our performance to date and the levers we have in our possession will enable us to [absorb] any possible dislocations in the fourth quarter should they materialize. Let's move to Slide 4. General industrial capital spending remains subdued in Q3 resulting in a 10% organic decline for an engineered products driven by softness and CapEx levered industrial automation, industrial winches, and waste handling. Additionally, our waste handling business had the largest quarter ever in the comparable period last year making it a challenging benchmark. On the positive side, aerospace and defense grew double digits on shipments from a strong backlog and we've seen robust recovery in our vehicle aftermarket business after a difficult couple of quarters. Productivity actions, cost actions, and favorable mix minimize margin erosion in the quarter nearly offsetting the impact of materially lower volumes. In fueling solutions, saw continued albeit sequentially slower growth and above-ground equipment in North America and EMV compliance and regulatory activity, whereas National Oil companies in China continued to defer capital spending amidst ongoing uncertainty. Demand for below-ground equipment has improved sequentially as construction activity restarted, but remains subdued globally. And in China, we're still weathering the roll-off of the double wall replacement mandate. Margin performance in the segment was very good and a testament to the operational focus and capability of the management team and was achieved through productivity improvements, cost controls, and favorable regional mix more than offsetting volume under absorption. Sales and imaging and identification declined 8% organically due to continued weakness in digital textile printing. We've seen improving demand for textile printing consumables. Reflecting recovering and printing volumes, however, has been insufficient to prompt fabric printers to invest in new machinery. We expect conditions to remain challenged for the balance of the year. Marking and coding was flat on strong demand for consumables and overall healthy activity in the U.S. and Asia despite lingering difficulties with customer site access and service delivery. Despite segment margins being down relative to the comparable quarter driven by digital printing volume and fixed cost absorption margin improved in marketing and coding on flat revenue as a result of the mix of effect on consumables and operational initiatives undertaken in prior periods, which also provide a solid base for incremental margins in 2021 as textiles recover. Pumps and process solutions continued to demonstrate the resilience of its product portfolio, some of which we highlighted at last month’s Analyst and Investor Day. Strong growth continued in biopharma, medical, and hygienic applications. Plastics and polymers shipped several large orders from its backlog, which were initially slated to ship in Q4, getting it to a slightly positive revenue performance year-to-date. Compression components and aftermarket continue to be slower and weaker activity in the U.S. upstream and midstream. Industrial pumps activity remained below last year's volumes, but has improved sequentially. This is another quarter of exemplary margin performance in the segment, with more than 300 basis points of margin expansion driven by broad based productivity efforts cost controlled and impacted businesses, favorable mix and pricing, which more than offset lower volume in some of the portfolio. Refrigeration and food equipment posted its first quarterly organic growth since early 2019, which is a welcome sign in-line that we saw exiting the second quarter. Moreover, the recovery was broad-based. Our food and retail business, the largest in the segment, grew organically and restarted remodeling activity in supermarkets. Belvac, our can making business began shipping against its record backlog, which we believe is in the early innings of a secular growth trend. Heat exchangers were approximately flat with continued weakness in HVAC offset by strength in residential and industrial applications, including semiconductor server and medical cooling. Commercial food service improved, but margins remain impacted due to continued weakness and institutional demand from schools, and similar venues, while activity and large chains have slowly recovered. Cost actions taken earlier this year, as well as improved efficiency in volume more than offset the demand headwinds in food equipment, resulting at appreciable margin accretion. We expect to continue delivering improved comparable profits in the segment in-line with our longer-term turnaround plan. I'll pass it to Brad from here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide 5. On the top is the revenue bridge. As rich mentioned in his opening remarks, our top line continues its recovery with each segment posting sequential improvement over Q2. Several of our businesses, including plastics & polymers, beverage can making and food retail return to positive organic growth in the third quarter, while biopharma continued its strong growth trajectory from prior quarters.  FX, which had been a net revenue headwind for us since mid-2018, flipped in the quarter and benefited top line by 1% or 12 million, driven principally by strengthening of the euro against the dollar. Acquisitions more than offset dispositions in the quarter by 3 million. We expect this number to grow in subsequent quarters. The revenue breakdown by geographic area reflects sequential improvement in each major geography, but particularly encouraging is the trajectory in North America and Europe. The U.S., our largest market declined by 4% organically due to softness in waste handling industrial winches and precision components, partially offset by a strong quarter in our above ground retail fueling, marking and coating, beverage can making, and food retail businesses among others. Europe declined by 4% organically, a material improvement compared to a 19% decline in Q2 driven by constructive activity in our pumps, biopharma and hygienic, and plastics and polymer businesses. All of Asia declined 10% organically, while China representing approximately half of our business in Asia, posted an 8% year-over-year decline. We continue to face headwinds in China in retail fueling due the exploration of the underground equipment replacement mandate and slower demand from the local national [indiscernible]. Outside of retail fueling, we saw a solid growth in China. Moving to the bottom of the page, bookings were nearly flat down 1% organically year-over-year, compared to a 21% decline in Q2, reflecting continued momentum across our businesses. In the quarter, we saw organic declines across four segments, but sequential improvement across all segments. And a particularly strong booking for our federation of food equipment segment driven primarily by record order intake in our can making business. These orders relate to large projects that are mostly projected to ship in 2021 and 2022.  Overall, our backlog is currently approximately 200 million or 14% higher compared to this time last year, positioning us well for the remainder of the year and into 2021. Note that a material portion of the backlog increase was driven by orders in our can making business which I mentioned above. Let's go to the earnings bridges on Slide 6. On the top of the chart, despite a 77 million revenue decline in the quarter, we were able to keep our adjusted segment earnings approximately flat year-over-year, a testament to our proactive cost containment and productivity initiatives that help drive 100 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin improvement. Some of the recent initiatives will continue supporting margins into 2021. Going to the bottom chart. Adjusted net earnings declined by 3 million, principally driven by higher corporate costs related to deal fees and expense accruals, partially offset by lower interest expense and lower taxes on lower earnings. The effective tax rate excluding discrete tax benefits is approximately 21.5% for the quarter, substantially the same as the prior year. Discrete tax benefits quarter-over-quarter were approximately 2 million lower in 2020. Right sizing and other costs were 6 million in the quarter relating to several new permanent cost containment initiatives that we pulled forward into this year. Now on Slide 7. We are pleased with the cash performance with year-to-date free cash flow of 563 million, a 117 million or [indiscernible] last year. Our teams have done a good job managing capital more actively in this uncertain environment. And with the improving sequential revenue trajectory in the third quarter, we rebuilt some working capital to support the businesses and our customers. Free cash flow now stands at 11.5% of revenue year today, going into the fourth quarter, which traditionally has been our strongest cash flow quarter of the year. With that, let me turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks Brad. I’m on Page 8. Let's go segment by segment. In Engineered Products, we accept similar performance as the third quarter vehicle aftermarket had a very good Q3 as the business is able to deliver on pent up demand. Notably, we have a tough comp in Q4 due to some promotional campaigns, but this is a business which has excellent prospects for 2021. Activity in waste handling is picking up with private haulers, but orders placed are mostly for 2021. We expect Municipal volume to remain subdued for the balance of the year. Demand is reaccelerating for digital solutions in the space and overall we are constructive on the outlook for this business into 2021. We are seeing some encouraging signs and industrial automation and automotive OEM markets in particular in October. Aerospace and defense continues to be steady, most of what we plan to deliver in the next quarter is in the segments backlogs. We don't expect material upside and/or downside from our forecasts. We expect margin to be modestly impacted by volume and negative mix relative to Q3 largely due to demand seasonality. Fueling solutions remain constructive finishing the year and into 2021. As we've been guiding all year, we have a tough comp in Q4 due to record volumes in the comparable period. Despite the top line headwinds, we expect to hold year-over-year absolute adjusted operating profit as a result of our efforts done on product line harmonization productivity and pricing discipline. We expect 2021 to be a good year as demand trends remain constructive for our above ground and software solution businesses and we turn the corner on below ground fluid transfer and vehicle wash. Imaging and ID’s remain steady. We saw robust activity in marking and coding exiting the third quarter and the backlog in the business is higher than last year. Activity and serialization software space is also picking up nicely. In digital print, demand for inks has picked up, which is a sign of improving printing volumes. We are seeing a pickup in quotations for new machines, but we expect a few more quarters before we returned to normal levels in this market. In Pumps & Process Solutions, we expect current trends to continue the biopharma plastics and processing continue [indiscernible] trajectory in pumps recovering to more normal levels, particularly in defense and select industrial applications. Compression product lines within the precision components exposed to mid-and-downstream are likely to see continued weaknesses in Q4 as projects and maintenance continue to be deferred. Overall, the pumps and process solutions outlook is supported by segment backlog that is aligned with what we had at this point last year. Let's get on to the last segment Refrigeration & Food Equipment. First, as said we are in the early innings what we believe to be a multi-year secular build-out of can making capacity, as evidenced by our backlog driven by the transition from plastic to aluminum containers and also the spike in demand for cans at home consumption of food and beverages. In food retail we deliver low teens margin for Q3 converting on our backlog providing us a baseline to reach our 2021 margin aspirations. Our backlog is beginning to build moving into 2021. As you all know, this is a seasonal business. So, Q4 volume and fixed cost absorption declines in Q4. And frankly it's all about 2021 from here and Q3 was a sign of good progress. We have a robust backlog and heat exchanges and are constructive in this market. Our capacity expansion projects are being completed and we have some interesting new products in the pipe. Finally, in commercial food service, large chain should continue to support activity, but will not fully offset weakness on the institutional side. Overall for the segment, comparable profits and margins for the segment are forecasted to be up in Q4 into the comparable period. With strong margin performance to date, we intend to deliver approximately flat year-over-year adjusted margin this year, despite a lower revenue base. As you may recall, we entered the year with a program entailing $50 million in structural cross reductions as part of our multi-year program highlighted at our 2019 Investor Day. We [action more] structural initiatives, which resulted in approximately $75 million of permanent cost reduction in 2020, leaving a $25 million annualized carryover benefit into 2021. We view this as a down payment on the 2021 portion of our multi-year margin improvement journey. And we'll update that with more to come on 2021 when we report the fourth quarter. We expect robust cash flow this year on the back of solid year to date cash flow generation and target free cash flow margin at the upper end of our guidance between 11% and 12%. Capital expenditures should tally up to approximately $159 for the year, with most of the larger outlays behind us. In summation, we're raising our adjusted EPS guidance to $5.40 to $5.45 per share for the full year above the top end range of our prior guidance. We remain on the front foot in capital deployment posture with several bolt-ons closed last quarter. We have multiple opportunities in the hopper, and we hope to report on those soon. And as usual before wrapping up, I want to thank everybody at Dover for their work and continued perseverance in these uneasy times. And with that, Andrey, let's go to the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from a line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys, good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hi Steve.
Brad Cerepak: Hey Steve.
Steve Tusa: Just trying to reconcile the kind of 4Q guide here, I mean, I didn't really hear when you walked through the segments, there wasn't really anything that suggested that, you know, any one of these segments or at least in total are going to be down materially year-over-year. Yet I think your, you know 4Q guide implies a decline in EPS. And I understand tax rates going to be a little bit higher, maybe that's like $0.07 or $0.08, but is there anything that we're missing there? I mean, refrigeration is usually the most seasonal and the backlog there was like, you know, pretty [eye poppingly] strong. So, anything we're missing or is this just a bit of conservatism?
Richard Tobin: Well, I would have hoped that when we did the Investor Day in the middle of the quarter that we were pretty forthright of what we thought the Q3 was going to be. And we would have hoped that estimates for Q3 would have moved up and that Q4 would have moved down and we've got neither. So here comes the Q3 is great, but Q4 is going to be a [myth, a narrative]. 
Steve Tusa: That's not from me, just to be clear.
Richard Tobin: No, that was a general comment. That was not aimed at you at all. So look, you know, we have a bad comp and DFS, which we've been highlighting all year, just because of the fact that if you recall, we had a bunch of orders last year. We had some operational issues in the Q3. So, we shipped a ton in Q4, that's always been hanging out there. We over delivered to our this year's forecast in vehicle services group, which is a lot of the reason that we did a lot better in Q3.  So, if you think about automotive aftermarket, we had a couple really poor quarters. We had a lot of pent-up demand. I think operationally we hit the ball out of the park and delivered and over delivered what we'd expect our forecast to be. So that gives us sort of a negative comp going into Q4. Despite the backlog and refrigeration, I think I would caution you on the segment backlog while we're building backlog and refrigeration for [2021 deliveries] that backlog figure is materially impacted by the backlog that we have at Belvac, which is over $200 million worth of deliveries.  So, you know, and finally, you know, we're still getting COVID reports, particularly in Europe. So, I think there is an amount of prudence about, you know, are we going to have to take facilities down? Are certain regions of Europe going to be impacted from a demand cycle? So, I don't think it's bad news at all, quite frankly, in some of our higher CapEx businesses, like waste management, we're getting orders for 2021. Clearly, we could build that product and get the industrial absorption, but I've got absolute confidence in our management team, that let's manage our inventory in Q4, and we start up next year with high build rate. So overall, is there some conservatism in there? Sure, there is and that, until we get on the other side of this COVID issue, will continue to operate under that stance, but is there anything going on in terms of any particular market getting worse from the trajectory that it's on now? Absolutely not.
Steve Tusa: Yeah. Just a specific follow up on that. I think you said hold year-over-year absolute profit in your comments at DFS for 4Q, does that mean that's flat or was that just, hey, we'll hold it within a range? And then just to be clear on Belvac, is that still a, you know, pretty profitable business?
Richard Tobin: The absolute profit comment was for the full-year of DFS. So, margin benefit outweighs top line decrease.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Richard Tobin: And on Belvac, it is accretive to the segment margins. We are beginning to do a transition to a higher mix of turnkey projects. So, there's some pass through revenue. So, I think it'd be a little bit careful about the assumptions of Belvac, but we'll take it because, quite frankly, it's approved – it's accretive to the segment for sure.
Steve Tusa: Right. Okay. That's it. Thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Hi Scott.
Brad Cerepak : Good morning.
Scott Davis: Richard didn't talk about M&A markets at all in your prepared remarks, I just wonder if there's a bit of an update on either activity out there that you're seeing or opportunities or valuation or anything you might share with us.
Richard Tobin: It's not a lot different than it was at the end of Q2. I mean there are some opportunities out there. Valuation continues to be reflective of the public markets. So, despite, you know, every, you know, even private companies are trying to see through the downturn of 2020 and want to be paid on 2021. So, it's pricey out there. A lot of competition in terms of private equity, but having said all that, on some of the more [niche opportunities] that we have, we're feeling good about some of those opportunities there. Some of which we highlighted during the Pumps & Process Solutions day that we did mid-month. So you know, we've got a pretty good list of candidates, but we're not going to overpay. And you know, and I think that some of these deals are taking longer because as you can imagine, due diligence under pandemic is a bit difficult.
Scott Davis: I'm sure it is. So, just moving on, I’m kind of curious on your opinion on capital spending, you know, there's a lot of uncertainty out there, you got a election, you got pandemic that, you know that, obviously, in the middle of – but at the same time, money's cheap. And, you know, no better time to invest ahead of a recovery, I suppose. So, are your customers delaying capital spending? Is this kind of a normal down cycle response? And we'll see a quick recovery or do you think there's any sense that things could be a little bit different, and people delay a little bit further, just given perhaps higher corporate tax rates and other noise that's out there?
Richard Tobin: Look, I guess my overall comment is there's a bit of seasonality. And I'm just not going to do the project in Q4 because I can do it in Q1 of next year. The general commentary if I exclude kind of some of our businesses like textile digital print, which has some secular headwinds associated with it, which are particular, what we're hearing from our customers is a desire to spend in 2021 on productivity CapEx, which generally speaking is, makes up about 85% of our portfolio. So, going into 2021 as you can imagine, we’re beginning to start to do the forecasting and the budget. You know, we feel good about a lot of our businesses. I think it – like if you take something like waste handling right now, the municipalities are going to sit on their hands now until they see what their budgets are for 2021, but on the private sector, we just think that we could build off our backlog now if we want, but I don't think there's any reason to do so, and we'll hold our powder dry, manage our working capital, and come out at the beginning of the year at high build rates.
Scott Davis: Okay. Thank you, Rich. Good luck.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Richard Tobin: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hi. Two things, Rich. First on pumps, I mean, the margins were extraordinary. You mentioned a little bit of, I think, revenue pulled forward. You know, was there some kind of additional mix or volume dynamic there? And how should we think about the margins in this segment going forward?
Richard Tobin: Yes, there – I think we got to be careful about promising margin accretion from here. I guess we just take it in absolute revenue growth. But look, my comments on the quarter was on the long-cycle side, which is particularly [MOG]. Timing those revenues is always difficult because of the size of the orders and you're dealing with letters of credits and a variety of things. But my opening commentary, as a general statement, I think that the operational performance of the Group in Q3 was excellent. I think that we're really beginning to get some traction and this is across the portfolio. In terms of what we've been working on, on operational efficiency and supply chain, and look, MOG built the product, it was ready to go and we were paid and out the door it goes. So – and that, generally speaking, is margin accretive, and you couple that with the fact that the trajectory on the biopharma side continues on and you get the margin performance that you see here. 
Jeff Sprague: Interesting. And then, maybe a two-parter on DRFE, if I could, actually? So, we're seeing actually, you know, very strong results out of some of the food retailers, Albertsons today, actually. Is there any particular, you know, unusual issue with access at this point? Obviously, we've got seasonality, but you know, how do you see that playing out? And then, just a little bit more on Belvac, are you just seeing, kind of – I don't know, kind of conceptually, I guess the switch being flipped on, you know, plastic, you know, to aluminum, did something really dramatically change in the thinking of your customer base here?
Richard Tobin: Sure. Let's deal with Belvac first, I’ll flip the answer. Capacity has been extremely tight. It was tight in 2019, and then, COVID flipped it over in terms of the demand function. Think about beer, right? No one's consuming keg beer, it's all flipped into cans, so there's been a surge in terms of can demand. And if you go look at some of the bottlers, they've been [indiscernible] about canned pricing for some time, so here comes the capacity wave. These are big projects, so the planning period to get them up and going. We've known about them coming, I would say for a year now, but I think that COVID really drove the demand. So you've got the COVID issue in terms of the transition to kind of more at home, if you will. Overarching all that, you have this issue with PET and recyclability and a variety of other things. So that's why, you know, you've got a pull forward in terms of this massive capacity expansion being announced, which is driven by the shorter-term demand cycle. But I think that the can-makers would tell you that they believe it's secular because they think that they have an advantage from an environmental point of view. So, for us, we think that this is, you know, two to three years minimum, in terms of the secular trend for us, in particular on the machinery side. Back to refrigeration, look, we expected this year to be better. I know it's a low bar in terms of the demand function and we got negatively impacted by COVID because of access rights and everything else. We ran a capacity in Q3. As I mentioned my comments, we did low teens margin for the refrigeration piece of the business, which is a good harbinger in terms of what we're capable of doing, level loaded. Q4, it's all about there's a seasonality portion of this business. You generally don't do store refurbishments going into the Christmas season because I think it's going to be a stay-at-home Christmas, clearly. So, they're going to protect their infrastructure. But we are beginning to build a backlog for 2021 delivery now, so you'll see some under absorption in Q4, but as I mentioned in my comments, it's all about 2021 for us here.
Jeff Sprague: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. You mentioned just now, Rich, it's all about 2021 and fully agree, maybe on that point, you know, Slide 9, I suppose, you know, you give a little bit of color on the – you know, the cost savings and that $25 million carry over into next year. Just clarify perhaps that – you know, there'll be extra cost saving measures on top of that that we probably hear about a Q4 earnings. And also, any way to size the return of some of those temporary cost-outs that are not semi-permanent, you know, just to try and understand any magnitude on that for next year?
Richard Tobin: To your first question, we said that we were going – we were – it was a three-year program, a $50 million a year. We've pulled forward $20 million to $25 million into this year, so you get a calendarized carry over. But the fact of the matter is, we've got enough in the pipe that we're confident that we'll get the $50 million, and to the extent that we can work hard on it, we'll get kind of the roll forward of the calendarization carried forward in 2021. That's what I can say about in terms of absolute structural cost takeout.  On the temporary side, I think that we need to be careful because a lot of the temporary was based under furlough legislation that was available, okay. And that is going to be dependent on revenue and volume, so let's kind of put that aside for a moment. The rest of what we can call temporary or controllable is in the SG&A side. Look, at the end of the day, we would hope to build back comp, so that's a headwind, but I think that's important for morale around here. But on the other hand, clearly, on [T&E] and some of the other things, I do not expect us to come back to 2019 levels, no matter what the revenue profile is for 2021. So look, at the end of the day, Julian, it’s going to be embedded in whatever guidance we give you for 2021, but we don't expect a full snapback to kind of 2019 comp SG&A levels.
Julian Mitchell: I understand. And anything, Rich, you could remind us on around kind of normal operating leverage that we should expect at Dover assuming next year revenues are up, but not dramatically, let’s say?
Richard Tobin: Yes, its – look, we have a wide range of margin profiles between the businesses and depending on what the starting point is, then the leverage is going to be different. So – and, you know, you heard the question before about pumps and process solution, I think it's fair to say that you're not going to get a lot of fixed cost absorption out of that particular segment, but any revenue that we get at current gross margins is going to be highly accretive. So, we look at it that way for that particular business, as opposed to digital textile printing, where you've had a very difficult time this year. We think that the operational leverage, when that comes back, is going to be in excess of gross margin level. So, it's a bit of a mixed bag depending on the current trajectory between 2020 and 2021.
Julian Mitchell: That makes sense. And maybe just on the revenue line then for next year. DFS, I think you'd mentioned a good outlook for next year, but I suppose that the bookings, you know, have been tough for two quarters, probably tough again in Q4, and you have those question marks around U.S. EMV that always get brought up. So, you know, maybe don't focus too much on that specific piece, but maybe help remind us why you feel good about the DFS topline next year?
Richard Tobin: I'm glad you asked that question because as we mentioned, we did the Investor Day for Pumps & Process Solutions that we were going to do another one this year, we'll be announcing shortly another virtual Investor Day, which we will concentrate on the Fueling Solutions business and hopefully answer all your questions about 2021 trajectory and what we think the strengths of that business is.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz of Citi Group.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Good morning, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: Rich, can you give us more color into the progress you've been making in Refrigeration in terms of margin? At one point before the pandemic, you talked about hitting that 15%. You did have double-digit margin in the quarter for the first time in over a year. But looking out into 2021, have you seen enough from them in terms of execution in that segment and what you have in backlog? You talked about Belvac, so you get continued sort of nice margin improvement and you can hit those goals that you set for yourself?
Richard Tobin: We're not all the way there yet. We're not getting the benefits of the automation in terms of the labor content, so we actually got to low-teens margin in the quarter without that. So, everything's pointing up. I think it is purely going to be a function of the demand profile of the business for 2021. What we can see right now or what we hear from our customer, I think it's going to be proactive for 2021. So meaning it looks like barring another wave of COVID, that revenue should rise for Refrigeration next year and we'll get the benefit of both the productivity and the operational leverage. So, you know, we're not – it's not all in the bag yet, but we're cautiously optimistic based on what we've seen in Q3 and I would not panic about Q4, just because of the negative leverage that we're always going to get in that segment. Like I said, it's all about 2021 from here.
Andy Kaplowitz: Got it. And then, Rich, you mentioned, you're going to have that DFS Analyst Day, but if you step back, I mean, you have 14% backlog growth as you mentioned, you sound pretty constructive about 2021. So as you look out, are there any businesses other than DFS that you're more worried about? Or do you actually have pretty good backup visibility at this point, maybe even better than average toward growth in most of your segments in 2021?
Richard Tobin : We worry about them all. But I think I mentioned a few. I think that we've been proactively prudent in ESG by cutting capacity early just because of this municipal issue, so we would expect to carry some negative leverage from 2020 into positive leverage in 2021. We feel really good about vehicle services group for 2021 [faced on] mostly – you know, the amount of miles driven, the amount of used cars that are out in the fleet and I think that management has got a lot of really great productivity initiatives in the pipe coming there. Let's see, I mean, I don't want to go through them all one by one. Refrigeration, we talked about. You know, we'll be cautious on digital printing, that's probably going to be a second half of 2021 in terms of the upturn. And look at if – and if Pumps & Process Solutions just can continue that trajectory that they're on, that is absolutely satisfactory. So, you know, we're not out of the woods. You know, we've got some business in terms that are highly leveraged towards CapEx. It's a little bit of a wait and see, but, you know, we're in the process of doing 2021 forecasts and we feel good about the demand function and we feel good about the rollover of our productivity initiatives going into next year.
Andy Kaplowitz: Appreciate it, guys. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch of Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hey, Rich, picking up on the answer on Refrigeration, so kind of went back over some notes here, I think originally, you had said the food retail automation project was going to reduce labor hours by 50%. You're going to cut SKUs from 400 to less than 100. You were talking about dramatic declines in base permutations. Have those objectives been realized? And you mentioned that the – you know, the 50% labor wasn't really necessarily in that, so does that mean that that's on the [come because] it's a matter of timing or perhaps the parameters for expectations or cost-out or whatever changed, just any kind of more color on that automation project would be helpful?
Richard Tobin: Sure. I mean, we are slightly behind in terms of the automation just because that we couldn't get contract or access for a period of time into our site, so that kind of gummed up the process a little bit. We're making good progress in terms of SKU management, but that is also a function of the demand cycle and somewhat a function of us getting the automation up because you need to kind of sell the benefits of the automation to your customer because those are the ones that you're convincing to change the SKUs at the end of the day. So look, I think that we're probably – you know, taking Q3 into account, we're halfway where we would expect it would have been under a more normal 2020 conditions. I guess that I can answer it that way.
John Inch: No, that makes sense. Assuming that the demand trajectory continues, where do you get to the point where you say, all right, automation is done and now you're getting the full bore of the cost benefit or the productivity drivers toward, say, variable contribution from future volume uplift? Is that sometime mid-next year or perhaps a little earlier?
Richard Tobin: It would be – this is – you know, it's a bit of a reverse barbell, so it would be Q2 and Q3 of 2021 where we would expect to see the tangible benefits.
John Inch: Okay. And then, I did want to ask you about Wayne Tokheim. You know, [indiscernible] just went public and they talked about 2020 is the peak year for EMV. You talked about EMV being strong this quarter as they did. I'm curious if you would concur with that? So 2021 is an absolute revenue drop off and strategically is Wayne Tokheim considering, say, branching into electric vehicle infrastructure to diversify the petroleum footprint to a greater extent? I know, you've got this alliance with ChargePoint. It doesn't look like there's a revenue or profit sharing mechanism with that, but what are your thoughts, Rich, just strategically on and I realize [EV] is very far out, but, you know, markets discount the stuff and worry about it sooner versus later? Like, how are you thinking about it [indiscernible]?
Richard Tobin: John, I don't want to take away from all of the effort that the management team is undertaking right now to prepare for this Investor Day in November, which should answer all of the questions that you just asked. I think that the only thing that I will say that there was some talk about sizing the headwind for 2021. I would caution you that EMV is a North American phenomenon and our exposure in terms of the North American market is different than – so I think you have to size that appropriately and that our product mix between above-ground and below-ground is significantly different. You know, we've been carrying around a pretty weak below ground market this year, right? We had talked about the headwind on [doubled-wall] for China when we gave the guidance for this year, but then, you ran into COVID with access rights and construction and everything else. So, you know, at the end of the day, sure, margins are up. Some of that is driven by EMV demand for sure, but I don't want to take away from the productivity improvement that the management has done here that has driven margin accretion despite the topline. So, what our thoughts are in 2021, I'll leave it to November. When we get to it is that the EMV headwind is manageable to the extent that the below-ground business returns to growth in 2021.
John Inch: Perfect and I'll leave the EV stuff for the Investor Day. Thanks again.
Richard Tobin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin of Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Hi, good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just a question and it's sort of been asked in different format, but how do you think of the businesses that are doing well? How much will be sustainable in 2021? But just trying to see as things normalize, do you think businesses mean revert i.e., things have been doing well and during COVID sort of get a little bit weaker and things that, you know, were weak, get stronger or do you see structural changes in the longer-term growth rates within your portfolio post COVID?
Richard Tobin: Let's see here, look, the only business that we have that if tangibly benefiting from COVID today would be biopharma, but that is a business – I think we sized it up for you. I mean, look, it's great. It's growing fantastically. The margins are terrific, but it's not overly materially weighted in the portfolio and that's the one that's benefiting. I mean, all this – you know, Belvac is going to benefit, but we believe that that is more structural than COVID-related just because of this issue of recyclability and moving away from PET. So, you know, we don't think that we have a COVID tailwind embedded anywhere on our business, so it's purely a question of the ones that are suffering, the portions of the portfolio are suffering, which ones are coming back. I think it's fair to say that the one that we're taking a close look like is that our compression business, which is the one that's levered most to midstream and downstream, whether that demand in terms of CapEx or maintenance remains subdued in 2021 or not. But again, that is not overly significant to the portfolio and we can weather the storm. So, you know, our expectation is that the parts of the portfolio that are doing reasonably well will continue to do so and the ones that have been under more pressure will come back on different trajectories based on their end markets.
Andrew Obin: Alright, thank you. And just a follow-up question on and I apologize if it’s been asked, I've been getting disconnected. On textile printing, on the printing and ID, textile printing CapEx, you highlighted it, you know, digital printing, sort of weakness. Given the strength in consumer spending, just a little bit surprised that this business would be weak, can you just provide more detail as to what's happening there?
Richard Tobin: I wouldn't consider it to be weak. I mean, revenues were flat…
Andrew Obin: Okay. 
Richard Tobin : …and margin was up. I mean, yeah, the consumable business is tracking right with consumer goods, which is great. I mean, the printer business and the service business is still a bit choppy because that still requires access rights…
Andrew Obin: Okay, okay. 
Richard Tobin : …and customer locations and everything else.
Andrew Obin: So, it's pretty straightforward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, Rich, how do we think about the backlog conversion in Refrigeration and Food Equipment? And the reason I asked the question is, if you go back to like the – you know, few years ago, you know, 2015, 2018, its pretty – is a pretty one-for-one type of relationship between your orders and your revenue. And so, clearly, you know, in 2019 and in 2020, orders are much better than what your revenue run rate and I know part of that is the automation project. But like, how do I think about like the length of the backlog and how that converts over the next couple of years?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Let me think about this. We are – look, we give segmental backlogs and I think that we size the portion of Belvac that's in there, which distorts that backlog because somewhat. You know, the Refrigeration business in particular is relatively short cycle. So, to the extent that we're getting orders for 2021 is actually early. Now, well, it would have been early, let's call it a month ago, which is a good sign because it's – generally speaking, food retailers don't kind of secure capacity. They just believe that that markets have been over capacities forever, so they just place the orders and you run through hoops to deliver it to them. So, I think the good news is based on what our customers are saying about their own CapEx and maintenance programs that we expect it to be up in 2021. And the other good data point is, is that we're getting orders for 2021 now, which is technically early, a little bit early, so that's the good news, but I wouldn't try to disaggregate our segmental backlog because you've got Belvac in there and it's very material.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Okay, that makes sense. And then I guess maybe just kind of the one follow-on question would be just around like capital deployment. I know that you guys, you know, reinstituted the buyback last quarter. It didn't seem like you guys did much this quarter. How are you guys thinking about that versus – you know, you mentioned, you know, [$200 million to $500 million] type deals like where are you kind of like prioritizing your investment right now?
Richard Tobin: We're still prioritizing on the inorganic. We had to walk away from one in the quarter because of – for particular issues that would have been an outlay in excess of $300 million, so that has changed plans a little bit. Look, at the end of the day, it's a wait and see. We've got a decent pipeline. We'd like to convert that free cash into inorganic investment. But we're not just going to do deals to deploy the capital, right? They have to be smart and they have to be within the parameters that we've laid out. And if not, then we'll revisit capital return and I'm sure that will be a discussion. We have the board meeting next week.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, good to know. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey, good morning, guys.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So we’ve covered a lot of ground already. But, Rich, I want to come back to another comment earlier on the backlog and kind of the visibility into the first quarter first half relative to normal. How would you size that? I mean, clearly, you know, I think you're trying to focus people on the comfort with 2021 over 4Q. I totally get that. Any way to put some guidelines around, you know proportional visibility this time of the year versus what you would normally have?
Richard Tobin: I think that we talked about Refrigeration at length and we've talked about Belvac that we've seen there. On our longer cycle businesses MOG, comes to mind DPC, to a certain extent. We would expect to deplete backlog in the second half of the year as, you know, bigger projects roll off and then you build it up. We shipped heavily off of that backlog in MOG and it's not as if we're falling into a hole. So, I think the good news about MOG is, is that despite heavy shipments in Q3, that backlog is not depleting at a high rate, which is – and that's all 2021 just because of the delivery times in those particular businesses. The balance of the portfolio outside of digital printing is, generally speaking, short cycle.  I mentioned vehicle service group who had an excellent quarter in terms of shipments and operational performance. They've got a little bit of a bad comp in Q4 just because they are running some promotional things last year prior to price increases, but what we're seeing in terms of dealer communication there is very good for 2021. So, I think it's anecdotal, so there's no real general comment for our portfolio this wide, but you know, I think that we're – the signaling we're getting for 2021 overall is perspective.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. So it's not just a phenomenon where, hey, 4Q is a little weaker and January is awesome, but we don't know anything else about 2021 and [indiscernible]?
Richard Tobin: As I mentioned before, I mean, you think about like a business like ESG, right? If they've got backlog for 2021 deliveries, we could make the product in Q4, which positive absorption, negative working capital. I've got confidence in that business to build that product in 2021 and meet the delivery date. So, to us, as we've always done around here, Q4 is about cash generation and setting ourselves up for 2021.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then I noticed another automation project announced in precision components, any more, I guess, kind of, you know, spread of automation or, you know, kind of evangelizing some of the technology out there across the portfolio that we should expect beyond precision components? And I guess Refrigeration, is that something that could be kind of the next wave of cost reduction?
Richard Tobin: There's a few of our businesses that lend themselves to increased automation. As we mentioned, during the Pumps and Process Solution Virtual Investor Day that our expectation is to get on a cadence of doing more of those rather than the tour de force on the portfolio. So, one of the things that we're discussing is we have two big projects, one of which is completed in vehicle services group and one that is under construction around that that we would expect is a candidate to do some more investor outreach in Q1 of 2021.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Right, thanks. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Your final question today will come from the line of Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Yes, thanks for squeezing me in. There's not a whole lot to run through here, but just go back to Belvac, you know, is the [trends] seen in, you know, in can manufacturing is – the flip side of that, that we face some structural headwinds in chemicals plastics, polymers going forward, you know, so therefore some of the weakness we've seen in [indiscernible] is more structural than just typical?
Richard Tobin: You know, Nigel, I'm sure when I talk about Belvac, the guys at Belvac listen and chuckle to themselves how little I know about can making. So, for me to bridge that over into the chemical world on PET, I think you're going to have to ask somebody else. Based on what we hear from our customers, both the can makers on the machinery and from the bottlers in terms of the design portion of the can making, we believe that there's a structural change underway, how that impacts PET demand, I’ll leave it up to the chemical producers to answer that.
Nigel Coe: Fair enough. That's a good answer. And then, just quickly on the heat exchangers. I think you sell into both commercial and industrial markets, I think you caught up couple of times, you know, you've seen uptick in heat exchangers where specifically you see enough strength in the markets?
Richard Tobin: More on the heat pump side than anything else. That's where our particular strength is and that is where we are in the midst of completing some material capacity expansions. If you know anything about that market, the size of these heat exchangers is getting very large because these are pretty huge systems that are being installed specially on the back of European legislation. So that's really where the demand function for us is coming from.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks, Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover’s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our call. This call will be available for playback through August 12 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement, presentation materials, which are available on our website. We want to remind everyone that our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject uncertainties and risks, including the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy and our customers suppliers, employees, operations, business, liquidity and cash flow. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for the second quarter for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andrey. Good morning, everyone. Let’s begin with the summary of the results on Page 3. We expect that Q2 to be challenging and in preparation we reinforced our cost-out program earlier in Q1. So we were in some sense prepared for the battle. We entered the quarter with a comprehensive set of actions to manage through the turbulent times and focused on what we can control our operations, costs and importantly, safety of our employees. From an operational point of view, we are not out of the woods yet, but a significant majority of our facilities are up and running moving into Q3, which is positive to operating leverage as compared to this quarter. Top line trends are very much in line with our expectations entering the quarter. Revenue declined 16% organically and bookings declined 21%. Trends have improved in the quarter and we saw material sequential improvement in June. We still carry a strong backlog across all segments and that increases our confidence for the second half. Margin performance for the quarter was acceptable considering the state of business activity in April and May. After profitability gains in Q1 on lower revenue, we targeted 25% to 30% decremental margin for the full year. Thanks to the broad-based cost control efforts to offset under-absorption of fixed costs and steady execution of $50 million of in-flight initiatives, we achieved 27% decremental margin in Q2, a quarter which we expect to be the trial for the year. That puts us on track to exceed our initial full year target. In addition to the tight cost controls and variable costs, we took further structural cost actions in the quarter as part of our business realignment activities, which will benefit us in the second half. Along with our cost actions, our proactive working capital management resulted in cash flow improvement in both absolute and conversion terms. We generated $78 million more in free cash flow than the comparable quarter last year. As a result of our first half performance and our solid order backlog, we are reinstating our annual adjusted EPS guidance to $5 to $5.25 per share. To be clear, even with a strong backlog and positive recent trends, we still see demand uncertainty in our markets and are not back to business as usual, but our teams have proven their ability to manage costs and operations and we are prepared to operate and achieve results in a wide variety of scenarios that maybe in store for the second half. Let’s take a look at the segment performance on Slide 4. Engineered Products had a tough quarter, particularly in shorter cycle and CapEx-levered businesses like vehicle aftermarket, industrial automation and industrial winches. Waste hauling and aerospace and defense were more resilient shipping against their strong backlogs. Lower volumes led to margin decline versus a very strong margin that this segment posted in the comparable quarter last year and we have taken structural cost actions in this segment, which will support its margin in the second half along with recovering volumes. Fueling Solutions saw continued strong activity in North America driven by demand of EMV compliance solutions, whereas Europe and Asia declined due to COVID-related production and supply chain interruptions as well as budget cuts and deferrals in response to the decline in oil prices. Increased margin performance was commendable with 80 basis point increase on a better mix pricing and ongoing productivity actions. The sales decline in Imaging and Identification was driven predominantly a steep decline in our digital textile printing business, which we expected in the significant dislocation in global apparel and fashion markets due to the pandemic. Marking and coding showed continued resilience on strong demand for consumables and fast-moving consumer goods solutions. This is our highest gross margin segment. So decremental margins are challenging and require heavy lifting on cost containment. Our marking and coding business did a good job achieving a flat margin year-over-year and we have taken proactive actions to manage the cost base in the digital printing business. As a result of these actions and a pickup in textiles consumable volumes, we expect performance to improve in the second half.0 Pumps & Process Solutions demonstrated the resilience we expected. Its top line declined the least among our segments despite a challenging comparable from last year. Strong growth continued in biopharma and medical applications with colder products posting record growth in the quarter. This was offset by a moderate decline in industrial applications and material slowing and energy markets. Our Plastics Processing business revenue declined in the quarter as a result of shipment timing, we expect for it to do well in the second half off a strong backlog. As you can see, this segment continued to deliver a solid margin performance posting improving margin on declining revenue for the second quarter in a row. We expect this segment to deliver flat or improved absolute profit for the full year. Refrigeration & Food Equipment declined as food retailers continued to delay construction remodels due to peak utilization and the commercial food service market remains severely impacted by restaurant and school closures in the United States. Our heat exchanger business showed resilience, particularly in non-HVAC applications. On the margin side, negative absorption on lower volumes drove the margin decline. In Q2, we took structural cost actions in this segment, which paired with ongoing productivity and automation initiatives yield in a materially improved margin performance in the month of June. We expect these benefits to continue accruing in the second half and expect the segment to deliver year-over-year growth in absolute earnings and margin in the second half of this year. I will pass it to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let’s go to Slide 5. On the top is the revenue bridge. As Rich mentioned in his opening remarks, the top line was adversely impacted by COVID-19, with each segment posting year-over-year organic revenue declines. FX continued to be a meaningful headwind in Q2, reducing top line by 1% or $24 million. We expect FX to be less of a headwind in the second half of the year. Acquisitions were effectively offset by dispositions in the quarter. The revenue breakdown by geography reflects relatively more resilient trends in North America and Asia versus the more significant impacts across Europe and several emerging economies like India, Brazil and Mexico. The U.S., our largest market declined 10% organically with four segments posting organic declines partially offset by growth in retail fueling. All of Asia declined 14%. China, representing approximately half of our business in Asia, showed early signs of stabilization posting an 11% year-over-year decline in the second quarter, an improvement compared to a 36% decline in Q1. Imaging & Identification and Engineered Products were up in China, while Fueling Solutions declined due to the expiration of the underground equipment replacement mandate and also slower demand from the local national oil companies. Europe was down 19% on organic declines in all five segments. Moving to the bottom of the page, bookings were down 21% organically on declines across all five segments, but there are reasons for cautious optimism as we enter the second half. First, as presented in the box on the bottom, June bookings saw a significant improvement from the May trough, with all five segments posting double-digit month-over-month sequential growth. Second, our backlog is up 8% compared to this time last year driven by our longer cycle businesses and the previously mentioned intra-quarter improvement in our shorter cycle businesses. We believe we are well-positioned for the second half of the year. Let’s move to the bridges on Slide 6. I will refrain from going into too much detail on the chart, but the adverse top line trend drove EBIT declines, although our cost containment and productivity initiatives help offset overall margins to hold up at an acceptable decremental. In the quarter, we delivered on the $50 million annual cost reduction program, which focuses on IT footprint and back office efficiency and took additional restructuring charges that add to the expected benefits. We also executed well in the quarter on additional cost takeout to offset the under-absorbed – under-absorption of fixed cost previously estimated at $35 million to $40 million. Some of these recent initiatives will continue supporting margins in the second half and into 2021. Going to the bottom chart, adjusted earnings declined mainly due to lower segment earnings partially offset by lower interest expense and lower taxes on lower earnings. The effective tax rate, excluding discrete tax benefits, is approximately 21.5% for the quarter unchanged from the first quarter. Discrete tax benefits in the quarter were approximately $2 million slightly lower than the prior year’s second quarter. Rightsizing and other costs were $17 million in the quarter or $13 million after-tax relating to several new permanent cost containment initiatives that we pulled forward into 2020. Now, moving to Slide 7, we are pleased with the cash generation in the first half of the year, with year-to-date free cash flow of $269 million, a $126 million or 90% increase over last year. Our teams have done a good job managing capital more effectively in this uncertain environment. We have seen strong collections on accounts receivables and continue to operate with inventories of supportive of our backlog in order trends. Q2 also benefited from an approximately $40 million deferral of U.S. tax payments into the second half of the year. Capital expenditures were $79 million for the first 6 months of the year, a $12 million decline versus the comparable period last year. Most of our in-flight growth and productivity capital projects were completed in the second quarter. So we expect to see continued year-over-year capital expenditure declines in the second half. Lastly, now on Slide 8. Dover’s financial position remains strong. We have been targeting a prudent capital structure and our leverage of 2.2x EBITDA places us comfortably in the investment grade rating, with a margin of safety. Second, we are operating with approximately $1.6 billion of current liquidity, which consists of $650 million of cash and $1 billion of unused revolver capacity. When commercial paper markets were fractured at the outset of the pandemic in March, we drew $500 million on our revolver out of an abundance of caution. Markets have since stabilized and we reestablished our commercial paper program and fully repaid the revolver. In Q2, we also secured a new incremental $450 million revolver facility to further bolster our liquidity position. As of June, we have no drawn funds on either revolver. Our prudent capital structure, access to liquidity and strong cash flow have allowed us to largely maintain our capital allocation posture. We have deployed nearly a $0.25 billion on accretive acquisitions so far this year and we continue to pursue attractive acquisitions. Finally, we are lifting our recent suspension on share repurchase and we will opportunistically buyback stock should the market conditions dictate. I will turn it back over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Okay. Thanks Brad. I am on Page 9, which is an updated view of the demand outlook by business we introduced last quarter. Here we are trying to provide you with directional estimates of how we expect segments to perform in the second half relative to the second quarter in lieu of full year revenue guidance. I will caveat that all of this is based on current reads of the markets and is subject to change as the situation remains fluid. First in Engineered Products, shorter cycle businesses such as vehicle service and industrial automation have shown improvement late in the quarter and the trends are improving globally. Additionally, aerospace and defense continues operating from a large backlog of defense program orders. Waste handling may see some headwinds driven by tightening of industry CapEx and municipal finances after several years of strong growth performance. Bookings have slowed in late in Q2 as customers paused their capital spending to manage liquidity. We were watching the dynamics closely, but we have started addressing the cost base in this business proactively. Fueling Solutions is a tale of two cities, North America, approximately half the business remained resilient both on EMV conversion and also willingness of non-integrated retailers to continue investing in their asset base. In Europe and Asia, integrated oil companies represent a larger share of the network and capital budget cuts resulting from oil price declines are having a more negative impact on investment in the retail network, plus recall we are facing a $50 million revenue headwind in China this year from the expiration of the underground equipment replacement mandate. Despite some of the top line headwinds with robust margin accretion to-date, we expect segment to hold its comparable full year profit line despite a decreasing top line. Imaging & Identification outlook is improving. Our service and maintenance interventions resumed in marking and coding as travel restrictions were lifted and we are seeing a resulting pickup demand for printers. Our integration activities with Systech acquisition are proceeding as planned. We started seeing some green shoots on the digital textile printing side, but we are forecasting a difficult year as global textiles will take time to recover. And Pumps & Process Solutions is expected to show improved trajectory from here. First, our plastics and polymer businesses will ship against its significant backlog in the second half. Biopharma and medical is expected to continue its impressive growth. Industrial pumps, a shorter cycle business, is expected to start gradually recovering. A material portion of demand in our pumps and precision components business is levered to maintenance and repair and aftermarket. The oil and gas mid and downstream markets served primarily by our precision components business continues to be slow as a result of deferral of CapEx and refurbishment spending in refining and pipelined operators. In Refrigeration & Food Equipment, we believe the worst is behind us for this segment. Bookings were relatively resilient for this segment and we have improved in June resulting in a robust backlog that we are prepared to execute against. We also saw growth is restarting the construction and remodel projects resulting in us being fully booked for refrigeration cases into Q4. Additionally, Belvac is scheduled to begin shipments against its significant backlog, which will be accretive to segment margins. Recovery in volumes along with cost actions we have undertaken should result in positive margin and profit trend through the remainder of the year resulting in the segment posting a second half comparable profit increase. Let’s go to Slide 10. As a result of the fluidity of the COVID situation, we are cautious about guiding top line trajectory at this time, but everything points to sequential improvement from here across most markets. The proactive cost management stance we took in Q1 and continued in Q2 has positioned us from a margin performance standpoint. And today, we are improving our target for annual decremental margin to 20% to 25% as we continue work in the pipeline of restructuring actions, including those targeting benefits in 2021 and we are positioned well to deliver on our margin objectives. We remain confident in the cash flow capacity of this portfolio and are reiterating a conversion target above 100% of adjusted net earnings and a cash flow margin target of 10% to 12% compared to 8% to 12% target we had last year. The rest of the slide, Brad covered earlier in the presentation. I will conclude with the following. We have reinitiated EPS guidance as a result of our confidence in our ability to manage costs in an uncertain demand environment. We have a good team and they understand the playbook. Having said that, make no mistake, we are on the front foot from here on driving revenue growth both organically and inorganically. We have strong operating companies and a strong balance sheet with which to support them. This is not the time to hunker down and wait for the storm to pass, so we are equally focused on market share gains, new product development initiatives as we are on our main pillars of synergy extraction from our portfolio, all of which we continue to fund despite the market challenges. Inorganically, we have available capital to deploy and I fully expect to be active in the second half. In summation, I’d like to thank everyone at Dover again for their continued perseverance in these difficult times. And with that let’s go to Q&A. Andrey?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz of Citigroup.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys. Rich nice quarter.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andy.
Andy Kaplowitz: You mentioned material sequential improvement in June. Are there any of your shorter cycle businesses that have not improved as fast or faster than expected? And can you give us more color on, if you have seen any sort of slowdown in the rate of improvement in late June and July, particularly in the U.S.?
Richard Tobin: We would have not given out full year EPS guidance without seeing June. That is how I think that we have mentioned that when we ended Q1 that June was very important in terms of what we thought the trajectory was. And so, I mean, I think that we went through the bookings change of June and made a variety of different comments about the business about the moving parts of who is improving and who is not. I mean, I don’t want to go through all the companies again. We have got a few, like digital printing, like food service that have not improved and we don’t expect them to improve. So at the end of the day that’s not built into our guidance. But we called out a few of the shorter cycle businesses like aftermarket automotive for example, which has picked up significantly at the end of the quarter. So June was good. I think that we are pleased. It was material to the quarter earnings June. The profit the absolute profit in June was double what we made in April, just to put it in contextually. So I think if you go back and you look based on the I think whatever slide it is in here, the Slide 9, that gives you the color all the color I can give you in terms of the trajectory of the portfolio and the moving parts.
Andy Kaplowitz: Great. And then your commentary on Refrigeration & Food equipment was relatively optimistic. May be talking about the second half of the year, but as you said backlogs continue to improve. Have your customers given you more of an indication that they are right to let you into their stores yet. And then we know your automation project was a start-up in July. So maybe just update us on that? And can give us a little more color on sort of the margin trajectory in the second half of the year?
Richard Tobin: Sure. Let’s start with Refrigeration. We are booked into Q4. So it’s up to us now to produce the product without have any frictional costs and based on the margin that the business delivered in June, if we can get that for the full quarter, I think, which is our expectation, I think we will be pleased. In addition to that, part of the large backlog that we have in this segment is geared toward Belvac. So we are on the front foot in terms of capacity expansion in aluminum can making and we are participating in that and we have got some relatively large projects that will begin building at higher rates in the second half. And in all honestly, I mean, if we put foodservice equipment aside for a moment, we don’t have the hardest comp in the second half. It’s not as if we exited 2019 firing on all cylinders. So we will – that’s why we will do better H2-to-H2 on a comparable basis, but it’s largely as a result of heat exchangers continuing to improve modestly over the second half, Belvac shipments and material improvement in Refrigeration cases.
Andy Kaplowitz: And then the automation project itself?
Richard Tobin: That’s baked into the margin improvement that we expect in the second half.
Andy Kaplowitz: Okay. Thanks Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning guys.
Richard Tobin: Hey, Scott.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: Rich or Brad, can you give us just a sense of this shape or recovery in China. It’s – this quarter, I think you said it was down 11%. Does 3Q then become, I mean, if you had to guess, is it more flattish or is it still down and with the chance of being up in 4Q?
Richard Tobin: Look, all of the relative decline or substantially all of the relative decline in the quarter is because of this double wall tank issue, which we had guided at the beginning of the year. I think that if we remove that, we were – I believe we were flat to slightly up on the balance of the businesses. So that’s going to be a headwind for us in the second half. Scott, I have not done the calculations of what that means quarter-by-quarter, but we always had that $50 million headwinds that we were going to have to deal with. It’s a bit slow on top of that in Fueling Solutions, just because the national oil companies in China are not spending any money right now. But if I – if we eliminate Fueling Solutions, the balance of our business which is mostly Printing & ID, have improved materially in Q2 and you expect that to continue for the balance of the year, and that’s volume related, right. So as China has restarted and business activity started, you can think about marking and coding into the consumption of consumables and things like that.
Scott Davis: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on CapEx, I mean you are running at lower than usual levels I guess – lower than the expected levels. Do you anticipate that having to go up meaningfully kind of 2021 or do you think, I mean, you can imagine need a lot of capacity, but two facilities that need to be invested in etcetera is there – or is there going to potentially continue through 2021?
Richard Tobin: Over, I would say the last where are we now in July, over the last 8 to 10 months, we have had approximately $80 million of spending that were attributed to two projects. One was the automation project for Refrigeration cases and one was the brand new building that we built for Colder Products up in Minnesota. So those – I don’t – we don’t have anything in the pipeline of that quantum. So I would expect CapEx to slightly rise in 2021, but not materially as if we deferred CapEx in 2020, and we have got catch-up in 2021. Now having said that, what, if we have got the demand, and we get some projects in that we don’t have in the pipe, we are more than happy to invest organically in this business based on the returns we get.
Scott Davis: Got it. Thanks. Good luck, guys. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch of Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hey, Rich and Brad the $13.4 million of cost actions you took in the quarter, how much of that was – how much of that maps against the original $50 million target and how much was new incremental structural, because I think Rich, you had called out some new incremental structural in a couple of the business segments in your prepared remarks.
Richard Tobin: That is the new structural. So the $50 million...
John Inch: So that’s all new structural.
Richard Tobin: Yes. The $50 million was done and dusted and it was on average $13 million a quarter. That’s what we got in this quarter and that’s what we can expect rolling through the other two. The charge that we took for restructuring in Q2 was new. It was a project that we are working on. We just pulled it forward. So it will have an impact in the second half of the year, but that is baked into our EPS guidance.
John Inch: So the $50 million or the $13 million that’s kind of baked in the cake and based on your intentions Rich, when we exit 2020, how much more annualized structural do you think you will have gotten out annualized, so not necessarily all in 2020, by the time we exit 2020?
Richard Tobin: How about...
John Inch: Incrementally just due to...
Richard Tobin: Yes, I know where you are going. But let’s – give us another quarter, because we have got some other actions in the pipeline. And when we get to the end of Q3, we can kind of give you some color of where we are tracking on the $50 million for 2021, but it’s a bit premature right now.
John Inch: Okay. So just to be clear, this is stuff that you are doing that is targeted at sort of baking in the cake the 2021 $50 million or is this – do we have like a $50 million annually. And then we have this downturn and you go, we can do even more on top of that, or this is all part of that progression of the $50 million?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think this is what we said at the end of Q1. While we are not just going to sit here and wait for the clouds to part, right? We are being on – we are taking some action on the front foot. These are projects that we had in the pipeline, and because the level of business activity that we had, we just said, why don’t we do it now. So that action was taken. So they are incremental to the 2020 $50 million. They will accrue some benefit in the second half of 2020, and then we will redo all of what we think that we have got in the pipe for 2021 likely at the end of Q3.
John Inch: And then, just as a follow-up, what sort of temporary cost actions, is there a way Brad to quantify those like you could call it furloughs or T&E? And I’m curious then Rich, given the environment, right, like a lot of companies are now realizing, people can work from home. We don’t need as much travel. What is your thought process toward turning some of those temporary cost saves, if you could give us the magnitude and just say more permanent cost saves depending on how the economy unfolds?
Richard Tobin: Well, look at the end of the day, the temporary cost savings as a result of managing bonus accruals, we would expect and hopefully to build those back next year. So those come back. On the variable cost, mostly in SG&A, I think the jury is still out. I think that clearly we like everybody else have recognized that. What we need to conduct business may be different in 2021 when we looked back historically. So we get ready to do our plans on the operating company level for 2021, the conversations we are having are operating company president is, this is a notion of okay, well, I can go put my ‘19 SG&A back as long as the revenue supports it, but I think it’s a bit premature to kind of monetize that now. But clearly, we are thinking about it and I don’t expect that we will just snap back from an SG&A point of view, back to ‘19 levels.
John Inch: That makes sense. And is there a way to quantify what sort of cost actions temporarily you took because of COVID in the quarter or sort of the run rate or whatever?
Richard Tobin: Look at the end of the day, we had a $35 million to $40 million fixed cost absorption headwind that we offset with temporary cost – with cost actions, right? That allowed us to have more or less flat gross margins quarter-to-quarter. Then we offset 30% of the lost revenue with SG&A cuts. Look at it that way.
John Inch: Very helpful. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Richard Tobin: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys. Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hey, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Just using kind of the – maybe this is like to sneak here something, but using the percentage of sales for free cash flow getting to something in kind of $6.4 billion range for annual sales. Is that kind of around the right level?
Richard Tobin: We are going to get to a revenue number by hook or crook here. This is the interesting way to go about it. Look, I think that that we have got line of sight on the percentage of revenue and on the conversion of net income. I expect – we have exited Q2 with arguably inventory that supports the short, what we can see it for Q3. So I would expect barring a real snap back in demand, outside of what we have got baked into our numbers that will be liquidating inventory between now and the end of the year.
Steve Tusa: Right. I guess on the revenue, though, like...
Richard Tobin: I know where you’re going. Look, I don’t think the number that you put out there is outlandish.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And when we think about kind of the third and the fourth quarter splits, I mean, in ‘18 – they usually are kind of around each other. I would think this year, maybe with the cost, the structural cost coming in and a bit of that Belvac backlog, perhaps in the fourth quarter. It sounds like things kind of took a step up in June. So maybe you are trending third quarter better. I mean how do we think about kind of the linearity for the third and the fourth quarter normally. Kind of seasonally, it looks like it’s roughly equal, but maybe this year it’s a little lower in third and higher in fourth. How do we think about the linearity there on the EPS?
Richard Tobin: You have got your finger on it. I mean, I think that we clearly we have a tough comp in Q4 in DFS. So that will be levered to Q3. The swing factor is going to be where we are on the long cycle side, which is driven by Belvac and Maag, and then to a certain extent, some other companies in there. I hope that we are bringing a lot of that into Q3. And if that’s the case then you would have a sequentially better Q3 and we are talking comp-to-comp here.
Steve Tusa: Yes.
Richard Tobin: Than Q4. So what’s known is barring a – and look I hope it happens, but barring a real uptick in demand on EMV in Q4. Right now, our expectation would be that we are down in DFS Q-to-Q. But I think right now based on June we are probably trending a little bit on a comp basis better Q3 and not – and less so in Q4 right now.
Steve Tusa: Right. And then just lastly, just to be clear on this CapEx thing. You guys actually I think raised the CapEx number from where you were last quarter. So it doesn’t look to me like there is, that’s the kind of the free cash flow comp for next year. It’s not like you are kind of squeezing tight there and that you have got a tougher comp on cash next year that this year’s cash obviously is inflated a bit by better working capital, but that we should think about some free cash flow growth next year, despite kind of the unusual situation of this year where things are being squeezed a bit.
Richard Tobin: That’s fair.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Richard Tobin: Hey, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey. So, Rich, you guys did provide like a lot of great color on Slide 9 on what your expectation is kind of for the rest of the year. But I guess, from a magnitude standpoint, can you help provide maybe just a little bit more color on how June actually trended from a magnitude perspective and whether that’s just persisted into July?
Richard Tobin: Well, look, I mean, as I mentioned earlier, June was materially better than April, but April I hope that we don’t see again anytime soon. I mean April and May in certain of our businesses, which is a function, a lot of this issue about the declining backlog, I mean we were not shipping anything and we were not getting any orders either. So when we were looking at this decision about reinstituting guidance for the full year, I think that we have got a good playbook in control in terms of the operating cost side, but it was almost entirely contingent upon how June was, how June manifested itself, and June came in both on a bounce back in the order rates and in terms of absolute profit that portends well for Q3. So Brad’s got the joke, if we can just keep having June’s from here on out, we would probably be in good shape for the balance of the year. So that is about the color I can give you on it.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Fair enough. And I guess just as a follow-up to that, I thought you guys lifted your buyback suspension. I guess, how are you thinking about deploying capital at this point and whether you are going to be more aggressive now that you have lifted the suspension?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, I think the hierarchy remains the same of organic investment, inorganic investment and then capital return. I think that the CapEx number that we have given you for the full year is relatively safe now. So it is going to depend on inorganic investment. And if you go back to the comments, I think that the pipeline that we have right now is relatively encouraging and I expect to be deploying inorganic capital in the second half. But having said that, if we are unable to get the returns inorganically that we seek then, we will address capital return and not sit on a cash balance here.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. I will get back in queue. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks. Good morning everyone. Hey, just one more here on the June two step, if I may. I am sure June is typically better than May, any quarter right. Good quarter, bad quarter, I mean can you just give us some kind of historical context of how significant the sequential lift was versus what would be normal?
Richard Tobin: You know what, I don’t know the answer to that question, because we were – everything that we look at around here is a function of relative declines. So, which is a – this tells you a lot about 2020 in the COVID era. But I mean, I think that the rate of revenue decline in June was significantly less than we saw in April and May, but – if I – of the top my head, Jeff, I guess the guys are furiously going through pages here, relative to seasonality I don’t know. I think that Andrey is going to have to follow-up with you on that one.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. I am on his calendar I will do that with him. We had some discussion here I think on earlier questions about temporary actions. I think it’s pretty clear how you are going to kind of to manage those as they possibly come back. In that context, Rich, as we think about the other side of this valley and managing for growth on the other side, what are you thinking on incrementals? Is there significant headwind from stuff coming back or can you kind of manage this kind of I would guess maybe 30% zip code incrementals on the way back out there?
Richard Tobin: Other than bonus accruals, there is really no overhang of deferral of costs that have to snap back. I think the big question, I think there was a question earlier about it and I think this supplies, not just to Dover to everybody is, everybody has reduced travel cost right. Does it come back to ‘19 levels as a percent of revenue or not, I mean, the expectation there is absolutely not. I think that we have proven that we can run this business with less discretionary spending, than we may have thought is necessary exiting ‘19. So, what the quantum of that is, is I think it’s a little bit too early to tell, but we will be reflected in whenever we give our guidance for ‘21 for sure. The rest of it – you look at the end of the day, I think that we did a admirable job in managing furloughs and a variety of things. So I don’t expect that we are going to run significant industrial friction with over time or anything else in the second half. That’s my expectation. It won’t be perfect, but I don’t see that our incremental margins should have any kind of negative drag once we get to – hopefully soon, back to growth.
Jeff Sprague: And just one last one if I could. So, on the M&A front, it sounds like you clearly have stuff in your sites now, which is the question of whether you can get it across the finish line. Should we be thinking kind of the similar size of what these – some of these recent bolt-ons have been or is there some bigger stuff in the pipeline? And I will leave it there. Thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin: Sure. Actionable it’s going to be similar size to what you have seen. There is some bigger opportunities that are out there, the bigger the opportunity, the more competition. So returns get tighter. So we will see on that front. But I am pretty confident on kind of the size that we have seen year-to-date. It’s just a question of, can we close them in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just the first question around the Imaging and ID segment, fairly, heavy decrementals in the first half given the gross margins and what happened with sales. I didn’t see too much color on the margin outlook on Slide 4 for that segment. So maybe help us understand, how you see decrementals in the second half and how much narrower those should be in that segment versus what we saw in Q1 or Q2?
Richard Tobin: They should – well, I mean, let’s start from the beginning here. In marking and coding, our margin which is substantially the bigger portion of that segment, our margins were flat. So, all of the decremental margin in that segment was from textile printing. And if we go back and take a look at sequentially last year, textile printing weakened in the second half. So, decrementals as long as marking and coding can hold their margin performance which we fully expect them to do should be less in the second half, just because of an easier comp.
Julian Mitchell: I understand. Thank you. And then switching maybe to the DEP segment, there had been a very strong multi-year period for the sort of waste handling piece. It’s somewhat of a niche market. So I just wondered if you could give us any context around what you are thinking for the medium term there, given what’s happened to or what will happen to municipal budgets and what kind of upgrade cycle, you have already had there in recent years. Just trying to gauge, how optimistic you are in that business beyond just the next quarter or so?
Richard Tobin: I think that the business management of that particular business has been on the front foot. The non-municipal business, if you go look at some of bigger publicly traded operators, they have cut CapEx because of the profitability headwinds that they have had on their non-residential business. We would consider that likely, just to be deferred into 2021 as they manage their own cost structure. On the municipal side, we don’t see a lot of negative headwinds today, but considering the financing of cities and towns because of this COVID crisis, I think it’s a better than even bet that there is some headwinds coming there and because of that I think the management is taking action on its cost structure to accommodate that today rather than waiting for the last minute.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And on the cost-out point, Rich, that you just made, why that Dover I think you had $20 million of restructuring charges in the first half in aggregate. Sorry if I missed it, but what’s the placeholder for the second half for that number?
Richard Tobin: We don’t – look, we are working on a variety of actions. I think we have got several footprint related actions in the pipeline, whether we will be able to action them in the second half or not, I am not entirely sure, but it’s probably then a better than even bet that we will take some footprint related charges in the second half. But I will give you the quantum when we get it all done.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Julian.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning guys. I am kind of curious on, obviously you have elected not to give any revenue boundaries, which I completely understand. But I would be curious how you see the rank ordering by segments in the second half of the year in terms of relative strength rather than weakness. I think in the past, Rich, you have called out Pumps & Process has been the leader, which doesn’t seem unreasonable. But do you still see the similar ranking to how you viewed the world back in the first quarter?
Richard Tobin: Look, I don’t think in terms of what we expect to relative to Q2 those nice arrows that Andrey put on the Slide on Page 9 is kind of where we things – where we think the moving parts are relative to Q2. And then you have got moving parts, because quite frankly, you have had some businesses that are operated through the crisis relatively well. So, we knew the Pumps & Process Solutions, because of it’s exposure on the biopharma side, was in a good position to kind of weather the storm as we got to the end of Q1 and it’s proven that so far. We expected to act – to hold profits flat for the full year is our expectation despite the headwind on the industrial pumps side. The marking and coding, quite frankly, has had an excellent performance holding margins year-to-date. Look the textile printing business, it’s just what it is, when you have your end market just absolutely blown up, we are just going to have to wait this out and that really will be hopefully a ‘21 story rather than a ‘20 story. So I don’t think that we think anything different today than we did at the end of Q1 in terms of the relative resilience of the individual pieces in the portfolio.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Very clear. Thanks. And then, cash is building quite nicely about $650 million at the end of the quarter. You normally run somewhere between $300 million to $400 million depending on the quarter. But if you don’t deploy capital, it seems unlikely you are going to be close to $1 billion by year-end. So my question is, I am not asking you to give us a number in terms of buyback etcetera, but I would be curious how you view cash – the cash buffer going into ‘21. Where do you feel comfortable, is it back to $300 million to $400 million? So, is it going to run higher going from here?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Look, I mean, I think you need to correct for dividend payments into the future, number one. And then after that, look, I think that we are not going to sit on a bunch of cash with negative yield on it for sure. But the buffer will flex up and down based on the probability of inorganic investment at the end of the day, right. That’s going to be there. So if we are returning cash in Q4, it’s because the pipeline that we see right now we don’t have any short-term requirement to sit on the cash. If we happen to sit on at the end of the year, I think that you can almost can through that as a positive signal, because it means we may be building cash because probability weighting of the pipeline looks good.
Nigel Coe: Right. And then quickly on inventories, the bulk of the inventory build was raw materials or the majority of it was. Is that a conscious decision to buffer the supply chain? Or this is just one of the things?
Richard Tobin: It’s purely on the backlog that we have going into Q3.
Nigel Coe: Got it. Okay.
Richard Tobin: So I would expect barring a snap back in revenue expectations for Q4 that we should come down in inventory, in finished goods inventory and industrial inventory in Q3, some.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Hi, yes. Hi, how are you? Can you hear me?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I can here you.
Andrew Obin: Yes. So question on supply chains, can you just talk about how much in terms of inefficiency in terms of supply chains have you seen in the second quarter. Anyway to quantify it and how do you see supply chains evolving into the second half?
Richard Tobin: It was not a material headwind in Q2. Now, having said that, we were not making a lot in Q2, so the areas that we did have constraints, it wasn’t like we were under the gun in terms of production performance. But for the most part our supply chains are relatively short considering the individual size of our businesses. So, we had a few headwinds here and there, but it was not material from a cost point of view in Q2.
Andrew Obin: Got it. So for the second half and going forward, no real changes in how you do business?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Well I guess it’s going to depend on the trajectory of all of the businesses, because, look at the end of the day, we have done relatively well on input costs. So, as demand went down, we will be able to extract some benefits in raw material prices and the like remains to be seen. I think we are probably bought forward through Q3 and probably a little bit into Q4, but we have got to watch the dynamics. If business activity snaps back, then we can expect oil prices to go up, so transportation cost to go up and the like. So we will keep an eye and right now, but right now on an input cost basis, we have been a beneficiary, I think in terms of input cost year-to-date.
Andrew Obin: Got it. Just a follow-up question, in terms of Europe, I think there was some talk back in May about Europeans trying to catch up post COVID. I think there was talk about VW being staying open in August or some talks about Italian staying open in August. Can you just give an update, anything different about how European businesses that you interact with will treat summer shutdown this year after COVID?
Richard Tobin: Andrew, that’s a good question. I will have to get Andrey to get back to you. I think on consumer goods we have seen decent performance which manifests itself in the marking and coding business. I think in heat exchangers, we exited on a positive trajectory from where we were at the beginning of the quarter. So, that’s kind of industrial applications, for lack of a better word. But I would have to get back to you on the – and look and then we had certain businesses in the portfolio like automotive aftermarket that in April and May were absolutely very low levels of activity. So, June relative to those two months as improved, but I don’t think we need to get overly excited because that base is relatively low.
Andrew Obin: Thanks a lot. I will follow-up with Andrey.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski of Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning guys.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Hi, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So we played a good amount of kind of outlook thing go here and filled in both of the squares. I guess I will just I will try one more edge if you don’t mind? How much of the improvement in June, if you had to summarize was customers reopening versus kind of improving, I mean just turning the lights on again versus really kind of ramping back up into any activity levels?
Richard Tobin: Alright. You have got me. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: I admit, it’s a little in here.
Richard Tobin: We had a lot of the businesses that we are absolutely shut in April and May from end market point of view. So you have a reopening aspect to it, and that’s why we were – when we were talking about the results of the end of Q1, we were basically saying look a lot of this hinges on whether we are right about June or not in terms of the trajectory and we ended up I guess, calling it right, for lack of better word, but our portfolio Josh, is so diverse, if any answer to that question is just not going to be applicable across the entire portfolio. So – which, quite frankly is a strength to a certain extent.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then second question, I know obviously shippable second half backlog is something you guys talked a lot about today. What does that mean or how do you guys think about the plan for backlog at the end of the year? Is the plan basically saying what we are going to be depleted and orders need to pick to put us in kind of a normal position, exiting the year or is the level of kind of backlog depletion that you are contemplating kind of normal for lack of a better term.
Richard Tobin: I think, normal for lack of a better in the longer cycle business where it tends to be lumpy. The Maags of the world and the Belvacs of the world, they are actually building a back – a long cycle backlog into 2021 today. On the short cycle side, that is going to be more short cycle. So it depends on the trajectory between now and the end of the year, quite frankly. So we would expect certain businesses that have a seasonality to them like Refrigeration that will deplete a bunch of the backlog between now and the end of September, because generally speaking retailers don’t do a lot of installs in Q4 around Christmas time. But now, we will see if that’s changed – the dynamics change this year. So on the longer cycle businesses, I think right now the trajectory is good is as we deplete, we are building into 2021. On the short cycle ones, I guess it depends on when we get to the end of Q3 and what the outlook for revenue is into Q4, but I don’t see any anomalies in there.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Yes, I just wanted to make sure that nothing about some of the backlog conversion came at the expense of ‘21. It sounds like that’s not the case. So, good to hear. Thanks. I will leave it there.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Deane Dray: Just a follow-up on the M&A outlook for the second half. And Rich, you talked about if it meets your return requirements, but typically in a downturn, there needs to be a process for seller valuation expectations to be reset. Do you think that’s happened already?
Richard Tobin: Not as much as we would like, but it is happening I think.
Deane Dray: Was that – is that based upon books that are getting circulated, just how much...
Richard Tobin: Yes. I mean based on books that are being circulated and whispered numbers about expectation, it looks like its better than it was clearly in the second half of ‘19, but you still have this notion that the public equity markets are trading quite well. And then so we look at a lot of private companies, because the market segment that we are in and then there is this, well I want because of trading multiples that I see in the equity – in the public equity markets, but that’s – that never goes away, but it’s improved some. It’s not improved greatly, but it’s improved some.
Deane Dray: Okay. That’s helpful. And then on the free cash flow for the second half and considering the strength of your free cash flow conversion this quarter, if you are liquidating inventory wouldn’t we expect to see some really strong free cash flow conversions in the second half?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean, if you look historically, we generate a significant proportion of our full year cash flow in Q4, which we would expect but with the caveat of – we expect to draw down inventories quite a bit this year in the second half just because of the lower revenue number. Hopefully, if demand improves in Q4, we may have to reverse that, but my expectation is, is that the seasonality will remain constant, but we are probably not proportionately the way it’s been in the past when we have been growing the top line, where it’s been highly levered to Q4, it’s probably a little bit more evenly balanced this year.
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just last one on the pumps business, could you clarify whether the business is exposed to pharma, biopharma anything COVID related in your sanitary pumps?
Richard Tobin: It is exposed to biopharma, a material piece of it and that’s what has been driving the growth. And we are going to do an Investor Day around that particular business sometime, when Andrey late August, early September TBD?
Andrey Galiuk: Yes.
Richard Tobin: Where we will give you more color on it.
Deane Dray: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period and Dover’s second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator:
Andrey Galiuk: Hello. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today will be Richard Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and myself Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded and participation implies consent on recording of this call. This call will be available for playback through May 12 and audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months.  Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. We want to remind everyone that our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are subject uncertainties and risks including the impact of Covid-19 on the global economy and our customer suppliers, employees, operations, business, liquidity and cash flow. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for the first quarter for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. With that, I will turn this call over to Rich Tobin.
Richard Tobin: Thanks Andre. Good morning, everyone. We are going to take some sage advice and briskly go through what was a solid first quarter and get straight to where we are from a market demand perspective, and what actions we are taking with our operations, cost structure, and balance sheet to adapt ourselves to this extremely challenging environment. I am not going to read the next slide, but will mention that the urgency and magnitude of the present challenge is not lost on us, and we are working through these times with resolve and a sense of responsibility to our employees, customers, partners, shareholders, and local communities where we operate.  We understand our role as a supplier to many critical societal functions like food packaging and retail, fueling, waste removal, and many others. Moreover, our businesses supply directly into projects aimed at fighting the outbreak such as commercial cleaning, masks, hospital bed and ventilator production, as well as biopharmaceutical therapy development.  Let's go to Slide 4 of the quick summary of the first quarter results. We recognize these results looking into the rearview mirror. Given the pace of change in the last few weeks, rest assured that despite solid Q1 results, we have zero complacency given the progressively challenging outlook into Q2.  To sum up Q1, our ability to remain largely operational coupled with the work we did in our cost structure and productivity initiatives more than offset the beginning headwinds of Covid-19 which largely impacted our businesses in China and Italy in the quarter.  Let's go to Slide 5 and briefly look at segment performance. Engineered products organic sales declined 2% as demand in auto exposed businesses had slowed down. The vehicle aftermarket business also experienced operational interruptions in our China and Europe based facilities. Waste handling continued to grow up with strong backlog. Digital sales in the waste business were up nearly 2x on a year-over-year basis. Pricing cost containment in response to lower volume as well as productivity actions resulted in a 100-basis-points higher adjusted EBIT margins for the segment. Moving out the Fueling Solution, saw robust activity in North America driven by demand for EMV compliant solutions, whereas Europe and Asia declined due to COVID- related production and supply chain interruptions and project deferrals. Additionally, manufacturing in our vehicle wash segment in the US was shut down in March due to local government mandates. Segment delivered 500 basis points margin improvement as a result of favorable geographic and product mix, productivity actions and cost controls, as well as pricing. Imaging and ID declined organically 4% in the quarter. Marking and Coding was approximately flat, and strong demand for consumables due to surge in production volumes of consumer goods in March, which offset the challenging additions in Asia in Q1. Our digital textile printing business had a difficult quarter as all of our operations are in the Lombardy region of Italy, which bore the brunt of the COVID-19. This was further exasperated by the sudden and significant impact of the crisis on the global textile and apparel markets. Margin in the segment declined only 80 basis points as our cost containment actions and favorable mix impact of consumables largely offset the significant volume drop in our digital printing business. Pumps and Process solutions topline declined 1% organically. Strong performance in our hygienic and biopharma pumps as well as in plastic and polymer systems and components largely offset slowing market conditions in industrial pumps and downstream oil and gas complex. The segment delivered another quarter of strong margin improvement, driven by cost containment and restructuring actions, as well as pricing more than offsetting negative impact of Covid inflation and FX translation. And finally, Refrigeration and Food Equipment, organic sales declined 4% primarily driven by weaker demand for heat exchangers and food service equipment, both as a result of governmental actions to combat the Covid around the world. Core food retail business declined less than 1% as grocers began to postpone remodel projects later in the quarter. Segment margin declined due to Covid-related production curtailments in Asia and in Europe, in SWEP as volume reduction in food equipment. From there, I'll pass it on to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Rich. All right. Let me go to Slide 6. On top is the revenue bridge. As you will know FX was a meaningful headwind in Q1 reducing top-line by 1% or $23 million driven primarily by the dollar appreciating against the euro and also Brazilian, Swedish, and Chinese currencies. Bookings were up 1% organically and were similarly negatively impacted by FX and positively supported by acquisitions. Performance by geography unfortunately reflects the quarter's coronavirus outbreak around the world. All of Asia declined 19% organically; while within Asia, China posted a 36% decline due to significant mid-quarter disruption. Europe was down 7% principally driven by Fueling Solutions and Engineered Products. US, our largest market grew 4% organically with four out of five segments posting organic growth. We expect Q2 to reflect a year-over-year drop in demand in the US and Europe as Covid expanded into April. Also, we're watching cautiously for relative stabilization in China, although startup has been slow in some markets. Let's go to the earning bridge on Slide 7. I'll refrain from going into detail on these bridges for the quarter with three of five segments posting triple-digit basis margin improvement further helped by reduced corporate expenses. In addition to cost actions, margins were generally supported by mixed pricing and impacted negatively by first and foremost lower volumes, inefficiencies associated with operational disruption, FX, and inflation. Outside of steel and fabrications, which started to trend positive, we have seen material cost inflation in the quarter. Now on Slide 8. Cash flow is top of mind as we move into Q2. We're pleased with the first quarter cash generation with free cash flow for the quarter of $36 million, a $48 million improvement over last year. Recall the first quarter is traditionally our lowest cash generating quarter and typically shows negative cash flow. Our teams have done a good job managing free cash flow more actively in this uncertain environment and we expect to continue to proactively manage working capital into the second quarter. Capital expenditures were $40 million for the quarter slightly increased versus comparable period as we continue to execute our in-flight growth and productivity capital projects started in 2019. Most of these projects are slated for completion in the second quarter. Lastly, let me update you on our financial position on Slide 9. We believe Dover's financial standing is strong and positions us well to navigate the unfolding period of uncertainty. First, we have been targeting a prudent capital structure and our leverage at 2.2x EBITDA places us comfortably in the investment grade rating with a margin of safety. Second, we don't have long-term debt maturities until 2025, thanks to the refinancing effort we undertook in Q4 last year, which shifted out the maturities and reduced our interest expense. Lastly, we are operating with approximately $1 billion of current liquidity, which consists of about $500 million of cash and another $500 million of unused revolver capacity. We drew $500 million of our revolver in the first quarter out of abundance of caution when commercial paper markets experienced volatility in late March. Proceeds were used to principally pay off maturing commercial paper. We are back in the commercial paper market in April and will use cash from the program to potentially pay the revolver, if conditions remain stable. So in summary at this time, we expect free cash flow to remain strong for the company as we move into the second quarter. With that I'm going to pass it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Okay. Let's try not to put each other on mute. Sorry about that, Brad. And let's go on to Slide 10. Since we've suspended full year guidance, we'll dive deeper into current trading conditions and our actions over the next few slides. Slide 10, we will cover the current demand outlook as of mid-April and projected status of our operating footprint for the quarter. First, Engineered Products. As previewed in our Q1 results, industrial automation and vehicle aftermarket, as well as industrial winch markets are slowed and continued trending weak with material deceleration in March after positive January and February. We are taking capacity management actions in Q2 across these businesses to right-size our cost and working capital. Waste handling continues to be constructive as our waste municipal fleet customers operate as essential businesses and are seeing large increases in residential volumes, which are more truck intensive. In Fueling Solutions, fueling solution is a bit of a bright spot. Ordered trends have been robust on US EMV and the business saw good trends in March with some sequential slowing in April. Customer base is operational as retail fuelling is generally considered essential business worldwide and record high fuel margins on low oil price help operators offset the reduction in volume and traffic. On the downside, transportation of vehicle wash markets is likely to see delays in capital outlays during this near-term uncertainty. We are largely up and running in the segment except one vehicle wash facility in Michigan and a few smaller dispenser sites in Brazil, Italy and India. In Imaging and ID, digital textile printing will be challenged in 2020 as fashion and apparel markets deal with an unprecedented shutdown of apparel, retail globally. Marking, coating is held up in Q1 with strong orders in February and March. And we expected to be relatively resilient at 40% of the sales are driven by consumables tied directly to current production volumes in fast-moving consumer goods, which surged in Q1 and should sustain as consumers shift to home-based consumption of packaged goods. Parts of this business are not immune notably industrial end markets and printer and sale, service sales as our customers delay plan maintenance due to peak utilization or visitation and/or travel restrictions. We expect to recover such delayed sales at a later time. We are progressing with the integration of Systech which is responsible for the majority the backlog increase if we see in the segment. In Pumps and Process Solutions, while we are seeing sequential slowdown in the oil and gas market served primarily by our precision components business, trends appear constructive in military, chemicals, food and beverage, power generation and some industrial verticals, while biopharma and hygiene are areas of strong growth. Mod plastics and polymer equipment has not seen material project cancellation and continues operating with a solid backlog that equates to nearly half of their annual revenue base. We have a substantial spare parts business in this segment and large share revenue is derived from consumables or installed base replacement versus first fit capital construction. These should be supportive factors. And in retail and refrigeration and food equipment, this segment is facing the largest near-term demand headwind in our portfolio and its spread across several businesses within the segment. In the core food retail business, orders trended positive in February and March, but starting in March many retailers are forced to postpone remodeling and construction projects due to peak traffic volumes, local restrictions and inability of contractors and technicians to gain site access. The backlog in this business is solid, but the shipment timing remains uncertain. We expect that increased wear and tear of store equipment will result in a surge of volume of a frozen refrigerator products being sold will create substantial pent-up demand and we will be well-positioned to capture the rebound when it comes. Overall, we expect several quarters of mix to potentially variable performance in this business. Our Heat Exchanger businesses face both operational disruptions in Asia and demand reduction in HVAC industry globally, with material sequential slowing in March. Backlog is improved in the quarter, but we do see uncertainty here as we must wait for our customers to come back online. Our commercial food service business is facing significant demand challenges in the restaurant segment only partially offset by opportunities in the institutional market. It's no hiding here; March has seen unprecedented decline in order trends will manage capacity aggressively through the year with significant curtailments already begun in Q2. Let's go to the next slide. We have taken a proactive cost containment stance early in Q1. As you can see our SG&A cost has declined in absolute terms in Q1 mainly driven by travel curtailment and lower incentive compensation costs. And a quantum of these actions accelerates in Q2 which I'll cover on the next slide. We are progressing on our $50 million center led cost out program as planned with $13 million achieved in Q1 primarily from IT and a variety other cost items. For clarity sake, the charts are not fully additives at both include SG&A as you can see from the footnote. On the cash flow side, we are cutting CapEx in light a demand environment. We view $100 million as committed in non-discretionary spend, which shows you we have additional flex we have should the downturn be deeper and longer than expected. We carry over $1 billion of working capital in the business, which we scale down with revenue or better primarily driven by inventory management. After all that, let's get on to the most important slide in the deck, let's not sugarcoat this. Q2 is going to be tough despite a healthy backlog; we will be a curtailing or adjusting capacity down across a large proportion of our portfolio companies driven by the following. In some locations government mandates prevent us from operating. You can see in the business that this impacts the most. In several end markets that I touched on earlier, weak demand warrants curtailed capacity.  In food retail, we expect a significant portion of our backlog to shift to H2 as retailers continue facing operational challenges in executing their project as a result of heavy traffic and inability of contractor access. And in category four is driven by proactive working capital management and hedge against weaker demand environment and forecast. We have capacity to catch up the deferred production in the second half. In addition to the loss margin on lower revenue, these capacity reductions and curtailments will cause year-over-year comparative material fixed cost under absorption of approximately $35 million to $40 million in the quarter. We estimate that our variable cost reduction levers and flow-through on inflate programs will positively contribute approximately $65 million in the quarter, which would take you back to the previous slide of the offsets that we had in Q1.  On the cash flow side, we expect inventory management to contribute positively in the quarter. We do intend to pay the dividend of schedule in June and we'll fund both of the bolt-on acquisition of Em-tec in Q2. So to wrap up, let's put some directional guideposts out there for the year in the absence of formal guidance. The year can unfold in with a variety of different scenarios, but it will almost certainly be negative revenue change of yet unknown magnitude. We will focus on what we can control best our costs. We target full-year decremental margin of 25% to 30% of which we have a variety of actions to offset volume under absorption. You saw a glimpse of the levers in the prior two slides and we prepared a full arsenal of actions for the remainder of the year. On the cash flow side, we will reduce our capital spend with flexibility to defer more. We are targeting cash flow conversion in excess of a 100% of adjusted earnings for the year. We have suspended our share repurchases, but intend to continue paying a dividend and lastly our M&A posture remains opportunistic.  We will continue pursuing logical bolt-on acquisitions at rational valuations. In summation, I want to thank everyone at Dover for their perseverance in these difficult times. And let's open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hope everyone is faring okay through this situation. Richard, I missed the first 15 minutes or so of the call, but I'm just wondering a couple of things. Your comment on refrigeration and the difficulty getting jobs done. Are you seeing any other situations where it's the opposite? I mean fueling comes to mind, where there's less traffic at the gas station, perhaps it makes sense to actually accelerate and get some of this work done if the capital has already been budgeted. That's the first question. I just have a follow up.
Richard Tobin: Okay. Well, the first question, I can't answer it any better than the way you stated it. I mean the fact of the matter is that on the retail fueling side, that's outdoor work, so there's more flexibility, and it is an industry that is I forget what they describe them as is important, I guess or essential. So we've seen obviously no slowdown or any real material issues in terms on the retail fueling side. And on a refrigeration side, it's more indoor work, and because of traffic restrictions and everything you see in the supermarkets going on, I think it's understandable what's happening there.
Jeffrey Sprague: Then just to be clear on what you're saying on restructuring. So you're not increasing kind of the $50 million bucket so to speak, but you're doing these other actions on variable costs, G&A, and the like. Is that correct or are you actually stepping up restructuring and what's your scope to pull forward actions you may have had on the table for 2021 and beyond?
Richard Tobin: Okay. Well, the $50 million is solid. So, you saw the benefit, I think it was $13 million in Q1. We expect that to be relatively even through the four quarters of the year. If you want to do the mathematics -- the balance of it is not restructuring, it’s cost containment actions of variable costs, and unfortunately the direct labor costs of when we're furloughing and curtailing our operations. So, I wouldn't put in the restructuring bucket because it's more volume related as opposed to permanent cost takeout.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then, maybe along those lines. Other things that are not going to come back with volume recovery. There's other things you're doing in corporate or your view on travel in the future those sorts of things or should we expect all those kind of volume related savings to also swing the other way when we do get on the good side of this thing? 
Richard Tobin: Hard to say. I think what happens with travel going forward from here, but I would expect that 2021 would probably be lower than 2019. If you give every -- if you want an opinion on it, we are as we mentioned that we -- when we establish the $50 million for this year that we're building up plans for another $50 million for next year, we’ll see how we progress on that because the fact of the matter is with everybody at home; working on some of our productivity plans has become a little bit difficult. And we've really had to turn the turret here to deal with immediate cost actions as opposed to longer-term ones. So I understand your question. I think let's get further into the year and I think that we can probably put some brackets around that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Gordon Haskett.
Ivana Delevska: Good morning, guys. This is Ivana Delevska on for John. So I just wanted to clarify so the fixed 6% SG&A cut that would be incremental to the $50 million of cost cuts, and could you give us a sense of how much would that be in Q2 and Q3? And how are you thinking about it versus the volume decline?
Richard Tobin: I would turn your attention to slide 12 in the bottom left-hand corner of the presentation that we posted, where it gives you our cost actions for Q2. We're not going to comment on Q3 yet. Let's see how Q2 presents -- progresses. Other than the fact that the $50 million of structural costs take out, you can divide by four if you want to model it into quarters.
Brad Cerepak: And just for clarity, as we said on the chart, the $50 million is inclusive in the 6% down.
Ivana Delevska: The $50 million, okay. I get. Okay and then one follow-up. Could you give us a breakdown of your fixed versus variable cost structure ideally for SG&A?
Richard Tobin: It's not a meaningful metric in consolidation. If there's follow-up question because the operating companies are so different in their profile, I think I recommend that you get back with Andre for some follow-up questions there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hi. Good morning, guys. I know it's early but is it impossible to think about -- start thinking about M&A here and particularly perhaps if there’s distressed assets like food equipment, stuff like that.
Richard Tobin: It's not impossible to think about it. Distressed assets are really, I don't know, if that's our bailiwick. I'm not taking it off the table, but if we were to go kind of what the timeline is in situations like this, the first things that come available are distressed assets. Everybody's going to hold on for a V-shaped recovery to see if what happens to asset values of some of the things that we were looking at last year. So, our expectation is what we'll see early on are going to be distressed. It's going to have to be really attractive for us to pursue something like that, Scott.
Scott Davis: Yes, and just that and if you said it, I apologize it in here, but how much down are the food equipment business orders? Is it magnitude like 90% or something? Extraordinarily high number like that or --? 
Richard Tobin: Yes. We didn't size it during the comments but it its very material.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Ronny Scardino : Hi. Good morning, guys. This is Ronny Scardino on for Joe Ritchie. So just first some restructuring, curious does the backdrop make it easier for you to execute on rolling out Dover business services faster to operating companies? Thanks and just one follow-up.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that anytime that you go into a situation like this that it heightens everybody's focus on cost structure for sure. But having said that implementation becomes more difficult with the stay at home. So it's a little bit more difficult. As I mentioned in my comments about deploying some of the people around to our businesses to start working on that. But having said that in part of our year-over-year cost savings DBS is a foundational pillar. So we don't expect it to slow down at all going into the --going through this year. And your next question.
Ronny Scardino: And then where across your portfolio do you think there could be more resilience in this downturn?
Richard Tobin: Well, I think if you go back and you look at the slide that we prepared on slide 10 gives you the best window of how the business is performing both from a demand point of view and what our operational stance is. I think that should answer your question. That's more granular than generally speaking we give an entry year comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just help us understand what's happening in fueling solutions. The extent to which that Q1 bookings number, the strength was maybe something of a blip. Have you seen much in the way of push outs or cancellations around US EMV investments or you expecting those to occur? 
Richard Tobin: We have not and right now we don't expect. We expect some slowing in Q2 because we had to curtail our US operations at the beginning of April, mostly due to the Covid issue where we had to shut the plant down. Otherwise we would be up and running on the above-ground side based on the backlog that you can see.
Julian Mitchell: I see. So on the demand front, you haven't seen too much disruption in the US even with miles driven collapsing and so forth?
Richard Tobin: No. I mean I think that as we mentioned that at the close of last year, we said that there was one area with potential upside, it would be that EMV adoption has actually been accelerating into Q4 and that it continued into Q1 unless that stance changes. We don't have any reason to believe for a material slowdown. Now it's not going to be absolutely the same quarter by quarter. It's going to move based on orders, order intake and everything else, but right now we go into the quarter with a robust backlog. I think it will have less production performance in Q2 but that's on us only because we've had to take the sites down as I mentioned.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. Then my second topic would be around the DII segment. There is a very large amount of European demand exposure in that business. Maybe just help us understand how the short cycle trends in European DII or that segment globally. How have those been trending in the very recent past?
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that we need to split that business between the printing and ID and then the textile side. The textile side is under enormous pressure. So much so that I would expect that is going to have a difficult full year, just what's going on in retail operations on textile demand? On the printing and ID side, it had a good quarter including Europe because of fast-moving consumer goods production and the amount of consumables that we are shipping. It's difficult in terms of the actual printers themselves and on the maintenance side, but as you may recall that was a business, a business that we expected to have a significant improvement in year-over-year productivity because of management cost actions taken in Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America. 
David Lane: Good morning. This is David Ridley-Lane on for Andrew Obin. What's been your experience on sort of the recovery in this pie chain and then the early demand recovery in China?
Richard Tobin: We have, I would say not material issues in our own supply chain side. I think that had manifested itself earlier in Q1 when China was down. It took a little bit for the freight side of it to unlock. We have some challenges but they're not insurmountable and our comment and China is recovering, but it's a slow recovery in terms of the demand function.
David Lane: And then on the potential for other curtailment during this quarter just sort of trying to understand how large or meaningful that could be in terms of the margin impact as you think about it.
Richard Tobin: Well, I can't give you more information than we gave on slide 12 right; the curtailments are going to cost us between $35 million and estimated between $35 million and $40 million of fixed costs absorption alone. So that should give you an idea of the significance of the capacity curtailments we're going to take out in Q2. So I'm not going to size it more than that, but we are going to manage this business not hoping for, we're not burning down relative strength and backlog in Q2. We're going to make some bets on the linearity of the demand and in certain cases actually proactively cut production to manage the working capital impact.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Can you hear me, guys? Look, I apologize if some these questions may not be full, I'm trying to manage two calls here, but what, have you addressed free cash flow, Rich, in terms of expectations for the full year and sources of cash from working capital and how that plays out through the year? So just wondering, obviously, no earnings guidance right now but how do you expect cash to perform versus earnings?
Richard Tobin: If you go we would take a look at the deck that we posted on 13. We expect free cash conversion to be a 100% of adjusted net earnings for the full year of 2020. And that is going to be influenced by depending on market conditions, liquidation of the balance sheet.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And would you expect that to be a bit more backend loaded to liquidate that balance sheets or do you think that's got to be bit more Q2 along with --
Richard Tobin: Well, you know what let's think positive for a moment not as backend loaded as in previous years because hopefully we're beginning to ramp up production in the second half of the year. So it may be a little bit more inverted because we're cutting production mid-year, which we generally are not that's usually what our highest capacity utilization is. So we expected to be more cash generative from a working capital point of view in the middle two quarters and let's think positive about Q4 and hopefully we're ramping up production in Q4. 
Brad Cerepak: And if any of you missed it earlier, we did take down our CapEx spending expectation for this year and as it says here on page 13, there's further flex there as well. So in our prepared comments we talked about our ability to continue to manage our free cash flow through this year with an expectation that we're going to deliver 100% against adjusted earnings. So how that falls out will depend on how fast we liquidate across the balance sheet right.
Nigel Coe: Right. Thanks Brad. Thanks guys. I did see the CapEx. So I'm not completely blind but in terms of pricing you did point 7% pricing this quarter. Just wondering if you can maybe just give the color in terms of what you've seen across portfolio on pricing? And if you have any concerns that maybe pricing has deflation towards the back half of the year. 
Richard Tobin: I think that we are concerned about it, but we haven't seen any kind of crazy pricing in the marketplace as a general comment.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey. Good morning, guys. Rich just like following up on [Indiscernible] and just sort of the progress you made there with the automation project? And talking about the second half of the year with respect, I think sort of talking about the comment you made, you expect some mixed results in the business but obviously stronger demand, so how does that seen over time. So you've got a good backlog. Has been all sort of going together here as you go into the second half of the year? I think you start strong [bel vac] which is good margins. So I guess instead of continuing to ramble can you still do that mid-teens margin in this business or is it just tougher because of the mixed demand environment.
Richard Tobin: The answer is, Andy, I don't know yet, right. At the end of the day, we've got a backlog in the refrigeration business that we could run out in Q2 and get all the production performance and do decently on margins in advance of the automation benefit which is in the second half of the year. But based on the signals that we're getting from the marketplace and the inability for our customers to actually do these projects, we are proactively taking down production. It's down now as a matter of fact in our principal sites because it just doesn't make sense to get the production performance and build all the inventory, right. So we'll see in the back half of the year. We believe that there's pent-up demand in this business. It's unfortunate because this was the year where we were hoping to kind of turn the corner and this Covid messes has really put a nail through it. So over the longer term, we're going to continue to work on the automation, so that doesn't stop. It's very difficult for me to say we're sitting here today what happens with the demand function meaning did we just lose a quarter here and that volume is going to bleed over into 2021. It's hard to say at this point, but I think it's better than even bet. On the balance of the portfolio, sure, a bel vac as we said was going to be second half loaded. And we believe that to be the case. The ones that are more difficult to predict right now is SWEP which is if there's been some earnings releases out HVAC already. So you know what's going on there. The industrial footprint of HVAC in Europe has been largely down during the month of March and into April. So we need that to come back so we can resume deliveries. And in food equipment, I think that we're just going to have to retrench for a period of time until all of this lockdown goes away because of the detrimental impact on the restaurant business.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, that's helpful. And I didn't hear your comments on engineered products, but maybe you can sort of talk about obviously lot of businesses in there. So how is the for instance VSG doing in the sense that it seems like it more difficult business in this kind of environment, Covid impacted, so you've got a lot about half of that business that's auto focused in some ways. So maybe talk about some of the difference between that business versus waste handling and how the overall retailer business is doing. 
Richard Tobin: Look, at VSG being objective had a significant portion of the production shut in Q1 in Italy. So the performance in Q1 from a margin point of view was excellent. But having said that it is not those repair shops and everything else are not critical industries for the most part. And are dealing with this whole stay at home phenomenon. So I think the management is proactively taking down production in VSG into manage its working capital itself. But having said that that's aftermarket business. It's basically miles driven and everything else so we would expect that to not be bad in the second half. That's our expectations right now. Some of the smaller businesses like winches, as far as winches and things like that that's kind of, that's more tied to capital goods and that's going to go through a tough year.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Got it. And on the waste handling side relatively I mean you saw good backlog there.
Richard Tobin: Backlog is good. I think that we're going to manage our capacity down in Q2. As I mentioned about burning down backlog until you get a line of sight. I expect that business to perform well this year, but I think we're going to take production performance down comparatively a little bit in Q2.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Patrick Baumann with JP Morgan.
Patrick Baumann: Hi. Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Real quickly on the curtailments for the second quarter. The 10-Q mentioned that 7% of your major global facilities are shut completely as of April 17th. And 11% are partially closed or at lower capacity. And I know it's tough but is that a reasonable way to think about second quarter organic sales down maybe low double-digit or could it be much worse than that for any reason? Like is there a big destock in the channel that would impact you kind of more than what we're seeing in industrial production. Like it just curious any color you could provide on that.
Richard Tobin: Yes. That's a good collage try to get Q2 revenue. Look, clearly the deteriorating conditions at the end of Q1 would say that they, and the fact that we came out and said I think on one of the first bullet points that we expect Q2 to be the most difficult quarter of the year when imply that revenue is going to be down exasperated by the fact that we're going to cut production so significantly. But I'm not going to size it for you.
Patrick Baumann: Okay. And on the free cash flow maybe. Could you mention, I mean, we talked about CapEx coming down and you're managing working capital in a few different areas. And then the filings also indicate something about tax payments being pushed out. Maybe if you could address sustainability of the actions you're taking and how we should expect some of this to revert on the other side when things get better? Like if the CapEx cut just the deferral of certain things that all come back. 
Richard Tobin: I think that the demand environment would have to change in excess of our forecast for the second half of the year for the CapEx to come back. So in a certain way I hope that we have to re forecast CapEx backup at some point during the year, but unless the demand environment changes more than our forecast to the positive, I expected not to come up.
Brad Cerepak: Yes and the cash flow on the deferrals. I mean I think every company is going to see that type of activity related around the act. So it's not a major number. It's not a big number, but it is something and just speak there's also even on your personal taxes there's deferral of timing, but it's still within a year. So there's going to be some aberration on that but nothing that changes our view on free cash flow for the year.
Patrick Baumann: Okay and then just, sorry to follow up that first question since I didn't really get an answer. The schedule curtailments, you said $35 million to $40 million of reduction in fixed cost absorption and then underneath that on slide 12 it says $50 million of offset actions on controllable costs, so is the net number then a $15 million, my taking the 50 minus 35 to 40 to think about the year-over-year impact. Like so you're fully offsetting those curtailment hits.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. At the end of the days what's the revs down, you still got to come up with it. That's the number you're missing there. So the fixed cost absorption will offset.
Patrick Baumann: Yes. 
Brad Cerepak: But you lose income on the revs down obviously, right.
Patrick Baumann: Yes. Understand. Okay.
Brad Cerepak: Back -- plan, so that's a point in time. That changes everyday. So you're trying to interpolate something there. I mean I think if we update that a week from now it'll be a different number either up or down depending on what the situations in facts are in any geo around the globe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Hey, Rich, I know it's still early but I was hopefully you could look ahead and talk about what you think might be some of the secular changes from the pandemic and how it would impact Dover's businesses? Any specifics come to mind. We've heard some general commentary about more reshoring, I'm not sure that makes sense may be carrying more buffer inventory. But how do you think these changes the structure of the organization and some of the emphasis on working capital and so forth.
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think, Dean that we, Dover are made up by a collection of medium-sized companies that don't really have the longest supply chains. So I think that some of the anecdotal comments about what's going to happen from bigger vertical industrials really don't apply to us to the extent that there is reassuring in a certain way I hope so because that's to our benefit in a lot of cases for some of our components businesses.
Deane Dray: But then on Dover specifics, do you see any longer-term changes in retail fueling on like a commuter behavior as well as the supermarkets may be shifting to more warehouse type operations for food delivery. Anything on those fronts. 
Richard Tobin: Not anything different than we would have thought going into this crisis. No. I think that I don't think there's anything secular other than what we've been always watching at the end of the day. And I would argue that the least on the food retail, we would think that we're turning the corner, that it's more in our favor going into the future, but we'll see.
Deane Dray: Got it. And just last one for me. No surprise that you maintaining the dividend. And maybe you just expand on the buyback decision on stopping for now. How much of that is in a consideration of liquidity preservation? Are you influenced at all at some of the political backlash that's associated with buybacks here?
Richard Tobin: It's all liquidity. 
Deane Dray: Thank you very much.
Richard Tobin: And when we get to these next few quarters what hopefully that everything's fine. And then we can go back to a capital returns.
Brad Cerepak: We just think it's a smart thing to do, right.
Operator: The last question comes from the line of Mirc Dobre with Baird.
Mircea Dobre: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. Good morning, guys. Rich, I want to go back to the disclosure you provided on slide 6 where you talked about the geographic detail. And just sort of big picture wondering here I mean this whole Covid issue started in Asia started moving westward from there hitting Europe impacting the US now. When you sort of look at your business is it fair to expect that the US could be following a pattern similar to Europe or maybe even down the line your Asia business in terms of growth? Or do you think that there are some particular offsets in your business mix or operations that would make US look different than the other geographies?
Richard Tobin: I would think that it will follow the same pattern, but I'd be careful about using the quantum of the percents only because of our participation in different regions like a law of small numbers. But without question and we were talking way we put the slide together, it's like you can almost watch this Covid-19 travel the world and we would expect that with the lockdowns that we had late in Q1 that are in exist today that that same pattern would come to the US or North America. 
Mircea Dobre: So sorry to pressing on this but I'm trying to understand if Europe right now is a better benchmark for finalizing US business maybe Asia not.
Richard Tobin: You can't only because the numerator and the denominators are all different. So you have to be careful about just using the percentages and saying, well, which one should I pick the 19 or the 7. 
Brad Cerepak: Yes. It's, as we talked about even the fueling business in the US is shown strength and continues to show strength. So it's not the same in every geo in terms of -- 
Richard Tobin: And I go back to the comment I made before. Make no mistake; Q2 is going to be tough.
Brad Cerepak: Right. 
Richard Tobin: Right. And that's why intervening on the production base, so I mean what element you can put on it, but it's going to be a different. 
Mircea Dobre: We all understand that we're just trying to do our best from the outside to try to get a numbers as close as we can. And sticking with fueling here, your orders were up nicely; your backlog is up nicely as you sort of think about your business versus the initial expectations that you set up for the year of being up 0% to 2%. I'm just sort of wondering what has worked out different than your expectations then where do you think we are right now in terms of the EMV upgrade cycle in terms of penetration. Thanks.
Richard Tobin:  What we haven't had the time to run those penetration numbers. I think when we put the forecast together for 2020 we said, if there was one segment that we thought had some upside, it was going to be fueling solutions because of the order trends that we saw in Q4 about EMV adoption. Clearly, that is held in Q1. So it's better than we would expect but it was within the window of our forecasts. But as you know, we've always been, we spent a year trying to push this adoption rate out and now it seems to be accelerating whether that holds through the year, I hope so, but we'll see. But that's what's driving the backlog.
Mircea Dobre: No. I understand that part. I'm just wondering if we're in the third, the fifth or the seventh inning of this adoption cycle. 
Richard Tobin: I don't know. I don't know. Like I said it, we haven't had time to, with everything that's going on we haven't in time to size it from a total market and as we've said numerous times from a revenue point of view, it's all over the map depending on whether you're doing full dispensary units or just kits.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period for Dover's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thanks, Nicole. Good morning and welcome to Dover's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. This call will be available for playback through February 20, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. Our comments today may contain forward-looking statements. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. With that, I will turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andrey. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on this morning's conference call. Let's get started on Slide 3 with key highlights for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2019. Q4 revenue declined 1% organically due to a tough revenue comp of -- with Q4 of 2018 that we've been highlighting throughout the year. Overall, 2019 revenue growth was solid, up 4%, at the high end of our initial annual guidance, as 4 of our 5 segments delivered robust growth despite uncertain industrial macro and -- macro environment in some of our end markets and operating geographies. Bookings in the quarter were approximately flat year-over-year, posting a solid book-to-bill of 1.04. We are encouraged with the strength of our backlog, which stands at 8% higher than at the beginning of 2019 and is up in 4 out of our 5 segments, which we'll cover later in the presentation. Despite posting lower revenue, our earnings from continuous operations increased with margins in Q4 expanding 140 basis points, giving us confidence about our margin aspirations in 2020. We are forging ahead with our productivity and margin improvement efforts as outlined in our investor presentation in September. Adjusted Q4 earnings were up 7%, and for the full year, our earnings grew 15%. Adjusted diluted EPS was $1.54 a share for Q4 and $5.93 for the full year, which represents a 19% increase year-over-year. Summing up, 2019 was another year of strong performance for Dover. We delivered industry-leading organic growth rates on the top line, expanded margins materially, improved our cash flow conversion metrics and continue to enhance the quality of the Dover portfolio through organic investments and 4 bolt-on acquisitions. On the back of a solid order backlog and continued momentum and execution of our margin improvement plans, we are announcing the full year adjusted EPS guidance of $6.20 to $6.40 a share. Let's move on to Slide 4 for more detail on the segment performance. Engineered Products segment had a solid finish to a strong year. Q4 growth was 3% and full year, 5%. Top line grew in the quarter on continued strong demand for our refuse collection vehicles as well as a continued double-digit growth in associated software. Our vehicle service business saw improvement in its European and OEM businesses, and we also introduced a new ADAS calibration digital offering, and we are excited about its growth prospects. Our MPG business grew in high single digits as it began shipping against a strong backlog built earlier in the year. Demand in our industrial winch and industrial automation businesses remains subdued as a result of cyclical weakness in industrial goods and automotive. Segment bookings in the fourth quarter were solid at a book-to-bill of 1.08 and resulting backlog higher than at the beginning of 2019. Our Q4 adjusted segment margin expanded 200 basis points on solid volume, product mix and productivity measures. Fueling Solutions finished strong and delivered a year of exemplary results. Full year growth was broad-based at 11%, and the segment delivered 320 basis point margin improvement, with the aboveground businesses exiting the year well into the target range of 15% to 17% that we had set forth in 2018. Demand remained healthy in Q4, yielding 5% growth for the segment and was particularly strong in North America where EMV compliance demand appears to be gaining momentum. Bookings in the segment were up 11% organically in Q4, providing a solid base for 2020. We have completed the integration of Belanger into our vehicle wash platform, and the business is on pace to meet or exceed our return on invested capital hurdle. Imaging & Identification declined 2% in the quarter and ended the year with 1% organic growth. Marking and coding activity was slow in Asia throughout the year, including in Q4, while other regions performed as expected. As you know, our digital textile printing business can be lumpy on the timing of orders and shipments and impacted by tariffs and financing availability in the Asian textile producing markets. A combination of these factors contributed to a slower Q4 in the textile industry activity, but we continue to work with a solid pipeline of prospective orders. Also, our digital printing workflow software is showing very good momentum with double-digit growth. Backlog for the segment is up 7% year-over-year. This segment expanded margin by 200 basis -- 270 basis points in Q4 and by 260 basis points for the full year despite slower top line, exemplifying our commitment to improve productivity, cost control and pricing discipline. Lastly, we recently closed the previously announced acquisition of Systech, a leading provider of traceability and brand protection software solutions primarily to global pharmaceutical manufacturers. This offering fits logically into our marking and coding portfolio and expands the share of software and service revenue within Markem-Imaje to over 15%. We are excited about the prospects of driving growth by expanding this offering into our high-value, fast-moving consumer goods customer portfolio.  Pumps and Process Solutions posted an 8% decline as the segment faced a tough comparable in Q4 as a result of Maag shipment timing and witnessed a steady slowing during the quarter in the industrial pump market where distributors were actively managed debt -- managing down inventory levels. Within the biopharma pumping connectors business, revenue continued its strong double-digit growth and carries a very strong backlog into the new year. We expect the biopharma business to continue its double-digit trajectory into 2020. With respect to DPC, our precision components business, activity slowed in what appears to be a temporary lull in the natural gas transportation infrastructure buildout, but we remain confident about its long term attractiveness. Despite the aforementioned order timing differences, Maag ended the year well and carries a strong backlog into 2020. Summing up, all the businesses in this segment posted organic growth in 2019, yielding a segment growth rate of 4%. The segment delivered an outstanding 310 basis point margin improvement for the full year. The segment is entering 2020 with a backlog that's 12% higher year-over-year, but we expect to get off to a slower start in industrial pumps and DPC in the first half. In Refrigeration & Food Equipment, it's been unmistakably a tough year for the segment with new food, retail store construction continuing to lag expectations and negatively impacting our systems and services businesses. This effect is partially offset by strong sales in the case product line that primarily serves store remodels, which continued to expand at a double-digit rate year-over-year, including on revenue, bookings and backlog. We have not stood still during this period with site consolidations in unified brands and factory automation and case set to contribute positively to earnings in 2020. Despite a challenging demand environment in 2019, our can forming and heat exchanger businesses returned to growth in Q4. Belvac's backlog has nearly doubled compared to the start of 2019. Overall, the segment enters 2020 on a positive note with a 19% higher backlog year-over-year. Our operational and productivity initiatives remain on track to start delivering results primarily in the second half of 2020. I'll pass it on to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's start going through the details on Slide 5. Rich has provided color on the growth dynamics by segment. I will point out that on top of the 1% organic revenue decline, FX continued to be a headwind in Q4, reducing top line by 1% or $20 million. We expect FX headwinds to subside in 2020. Acquisitions and dispositions, principally Belanger and Finder, contributed a $5 million net increase to revenue in the quarter. Bookings were flat organically and were similarly negatively impacted by FX and positively supported by acquisitions. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., our largest market, grew 4% organically for the full year with all businesses, except Refrigeration, posting solid growth. Europe was up 6% where all five segments posted organic growth in 2019. All of Asia grew 2% organically for the full year, while China posted 3% growth. Activity in Asia was mixed across our businesses. Strong regulatory and new build demand in the fueling and plastics and polymer markets were offset in part by slower demand in industrial heat exchangers and marking and coding. Latin America was slightly down for the year with a strong first half and a slower second half. Now to the earnings bridges on Slide 6. Starting at the top. Engineered Products' adjusted segment EBITDA improved $9 million, largely driven by volume and mix, more than offsetting headwinds from FX. Fueling Solutions' growth of $17 million reflects a combination of robust growth, continued margin improvement in retail fueling and in part, the acquisition of Belanger. Imaging & Identification grew $6 million on strong expanded margin despite lower volumes. The $6 million decline at Pumps & Process Solutions was driven by lower comparable volumes and was partially offset by stronger margins. Lastly, the decline of $7 million in Refrigeration & Food Equipment reflects lower volumes in the quarter. Going to the bottom of the chart. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations improved $15 million or 7%, primarily driven by higher segment earnings and lower interest and tax expenses, partially offset by higher corporate costs. The effective tax rate, excluding discrete tax benefits, is approximately 22% for 2019. Discrete tax benefits in the quarter were approximately $0.06 per share. Rightsizing and other costs were $18 million in the quarter or $14 million after tax, providing confidence on further reducing costs and increasing margins in 2020. In the quarter, we also refinanced debt due to mature in 2020 and in 2021, resulting in a $24 million loss on extinguishment or $18 million after tax. This loss is treated as an adjustment item to EPS in the quarter. The refinancing results in approximately $13 million lower interest expense on long-term debt in 2020. Now on Slide 7. We finished the year with very strong cash flow. Free cash flow for the year was $758 million or $140 million over last year, including a $16 million increase in capital expenditures. The free cash flow increase exceeded growth in earnings, reflecting improved working capital discipline and resulting in a more than 500 basis point improvement in cash flow conversion as a percent of adjusted earnings. As a percent of revenue, free cash flow was 10.6% for the year or 11.1% if we exclude cash restructuring expenses, both of which are above the midpoint of our annual guidance of 8% to 12%. Capital expenditures were $187 million for the year, slightly increased compared to last year, but below our original plan. While our major expansion projects remain on pace with our plan, timing of payments related to several large projects will spill over into 2020. Lastly, let's review Slide 8 with the EPS bridge. We finished the year with a strong 19% increase in earnings per share. This was driven by revenue growth conversion as well as margin improvement activities, resulting in revenue conversion margin well in excess of 100%. As you can see on the chart, the strength of the dollar in 2019 resulted in a negative FX impact of approximately 13% -- $0.13 of EPS, which we do not expect to reoccur in 2020. All in all, we can expect the same dynamic into 2020, a healthy conversion on revenue growth and operational savings, driving year-over-year EPS accretion. With that, I'll turn it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Brad. Let's take a look at the outlooks on Slide 9. We're entering the year with encouraging backlog and a constructive demand environment across the majority of our markets, allowing us to forecast organic growth of 2% to 3%, which I'll cover in detail on the next slide. Adjusted EPS is forecasted to be $6.20 to $6.40 a share as a result of solid revenue conversion and our previously announced cost savings initiatives. We expect earnings growth to modestly levered in the second half as a result of seasonality and timing of productivity measures. We expect another strong year of cash flow conversion of 85% to 90% of adjusted net earnings despite higher spending on capital investment. Engineered Products is expected to grow 3% to 5% organically on continued strength in waste handling, vehicle services and our aerospace and defense business. Fueling Solution is expected to have a slower 2020 compared to the strong past couple of years as the underground upgrade cycle in China rolls off. EMV activity in the U.S. has picked up, and we expect to gain better visibility in the next couple of quarters about potential upside here. Imaging & ID is expected to grow 2% to 3%, with the outlook largely dependent on conditions in Asia for both marking and coding and textile printing. Pumps and Process Solutions enters the year with a very strong backlog, and we expect it to grow 3% to 5% geared towards the second half. And finally, in -- Refrigeration & Food Equipment is expected to grow modestly in 2020. We are entering the year with a very strong backlog, but the trajectory of the past two years calls for caution early in the year. Overall, our multi-industrial portfolio with significant share of aftermarket component and service and software revenue is expected to deliver healthy growth in what continues to be an uncertain macro environment. Go to Slide 11. Dover's strategy is simple, but our aspirations are ambitious. We laid out key priorities in 2018 and are tracking very well, delivering against those. We plan to advance the same strategy further in 2020. First, you can see from the result of our rightsizing and operational improvement in our bottom line and our cash flow. We achieved target margin performance in our Fueling business. In 2020, we'll continue with the previously announced $50 million cost reduction program as well as our ongoing footprint and productivity programs in Dover food retail. Coupled with healthy growth in conversion, these actions will continue providing a margin accretion tailwind. Our business has sustained strong growth while taking costs out and working on the productivity, all under uncertain macro conditions. And our top priority in capital deployment is organic reinvestment. We initiated several growth and productivity capital projects and are starting investments in our can forming and heat exchanger businesses to capture growing volumes and upgrade competitive capabilities. Part of our SG&A reduction program was reinvested into various growth, R&D and digital initiatives, and we will continue investing in world-class digital and operational capabilities in 2020. Lastly, we committed to disciplined portfolio-enhancing M&A. Over the last 12 months, we have consummated four bolt-on, high-fit accretive proprietary transactions in the priority areas of our portfolio. The M&A pipeline remains active going into 2020. On a final note, I'd like to address the inevitable coronavirus questions as best I can at this early stage of developments. First and foremost, we have been in regular contact with our in-country employees and have issued policy guidance using our experience from the SARS time period. We have also put in appropriate travel policies company-wide. Our production sites had planned to be down from January 24 to 30 for Chinese New Year, but we expect to remain down through February 9 in most sites as a result of cantonal-enacted safety measures. In preparation for Chinese New Year, Dover and our supplier network had built inventory to cover this period as normal practice, but we are working closely with our global supply base on potential mitigation strategies actively. I would like to thank everybody at Dover for delivering a strong year and the hard work, setting us up for a good outlook of 2020. And that's it and hand it over to you, Andrey, for Q&A.
Andrey Galiuk: Nicole, let's open the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, in RF&E, obviously, strong backlog now leaving 2019. I think you said last quarter that good door and case bookings could give you more confidence that you're at the floor of the system side. So did the bookings plus the return to growth in beverage can and heat exchangers actually mean that you finally have good visibility into organic revenue growth in 2020?
Richard Tobin: Well, I think on the can forming, for sure. And on the case side of the Refrigeration business, yes. On the systems and service portion, no because that tends to be relatively short cycle in terms of -- it really doesn't carry much of a backlog. So I think we feel pretty good about the case door backlog that we have going into the year. And I think that we feel good about Belvac, and I think that we feel reasonably good on SWEP on the heat exchangers.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on RF&E margin. You talked about the 15% margin as the exit run rate for 2020. So the good bookings in Q4 gives you a better shot of hitting that run rate? Is it still on track? And the margin in the quarter, obviously, you've talked about labor availability and overtime is an issue. I assume that's what it was again in the quarter, and that mitigates as you get the automation project online.
Richard Tobin: It wasn't as much the labor issues that we've had. I think those moderated in case door production. I think that if we had any disappointment during the quarter was in unified brands. We had the orders. We could have shipped, but we're in the middle of doing a plant consolidation, and our performance has been a little bit lumpy there. So I think that we've got some of our labor issues behind us in case door, leading into automation. And I think that from what I've seen, at least at the beginning of this year, the unified brands has begun -- their shipment rates have gone back up. So I think we're okay there also.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So you do think you could hit mid-teens as you go out to the end of the year here, Rich?
Richard Tobin: Right, yes. I mean I think that our expectation is to exit at our target margin, Andy.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: Just on the automation project itself, Rich. Can you just update us on just kind of what happens here in the next quarter or two? So you're starting to run beta and cut over? Like where is kind of the stress point on the organization to get this right?
Richard Tobin: That organization has been under a lot of stress. But in this particular case, we will be building inventory for the transition through the first six months of the year. So I think it's going to be a little bit challenged from a working capital point of view. We'll be getting the beta units off within next month or so. And then our target is to -- the cutover of manufacturing on a single product line in approximately June. But as we mentioned before, we're not -- this automation project is not running inside the existing assembly operations of case door. So we don't expect to have any downtime associated with the start-up. It's just the costs associated with the start-up, including the working capital build.
Jeffrey Sprague: And just thinking about the profitability in your backlog, right, I mean a lot of that will hinge on the execution in the factory. But as you've tried to kind of streamline the SKU count and the like, do you feel like you have kind of real visibility on the backlog profitability itself? And how much of a part is it -- is that to the kind of the exit rate that you're talking about for the year?
Richard Tobin: I think that we've got better visibility than we have had, I guess, previously. I sell part and parcel to -- reaching our exit margins is some confidence in terms of what we have in the backlog and the margin that we should generate off of it. So it's not predicated completely on cost reduction as a result of labor content and assembly.
Operator: The next question is from the line of John Inch with Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: So the 0% to 2% R&FE guide with SWEP and Belvac coming back, and Rich, you called out case and door strength, I mean, does that -- that obviously implies that the rest of that business is down. Is that business down getting better? Or are you just assuming it's down the way it's always been down? Or how should we think about it?
Richard Tobin: I think that we -- well, we need to parse some of the pieces. But if you go back and listen -- when you read the transcript, I think that we are being cautious with that particular segment because the fact of the matter is it needs to demonstrate a couple of quarters of getting its feet under it. But I think that the part that we're going to wait and see mode is on the systems and service portion of the portfolio. We're confident that case door should be up year-over-year. We -- as I mentioned, we feel we feel good about SWEP and we feel good about Belvac and then we'll see.
John Inch: The 5.4% margin this quarter, I mean, if you haven't been running these parallel systems and the automation project, where -- is there any way to get a sense of where that margin might have been if you haven't been doing this stuff?
Richard Tobin: I guess there could be, but I don't have it in front of me, right? But there are -- there's a bunch of costs that we did take during the quarter that -- because of both the transitions largely in UB this time around that we could normalize, but I don't want to give out -- that's like -- well, if this didn't count, this is what our margin would be. I just can't give you an idea of what we expect it to be in 2020 without recasting the quarter. We're just going to have to take our lumps. We're not happy with the performance, but we think we've got some good line of sight on the non-Refrigeration portion of the portfolio, and it's up to us to deliver on the Refrigeration piece.
John Inch: That's fair. Just lastly, Rich, I remember a conversation we had where you were pretty adamant, we're not going to chase industrial "software" deals and pay the big multiple some of these other companies have paid. And now you've done it, what appear to be a couple of pretty nice fit bolt-on software deals, I'm wondering how you're now thinking about this. Have you been able to find kind of a niche of some higher technology, higher value add without overpaying as you look at the portfolio and look to ramp up M&A going forward?
Richard Tobin: I think that software, by its nature, the valuations, they're higher than kind of core industrial. And so it's not a -- but I think that my comment was more that we were not going to chase software damn the torpedoes, right?
Brad Cerepak: We're an independent of our business.
Richard Tobin: Independent of our business. So the software deals that we've done, our comp are highly complementary both to MI and to ESG. I think that we paid a fair price, but the fact of the matter is that software commands a higher multiple.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just following up on how you're thinking about the seasonality through the year. I think you had mentioned in Pumps and Process and Refrigeration & Food in particular quite a back-end loaded year. So I just wanted to check if you think Dover as a whole can be in that 2% to 3% organic sales growth range through each quarter and also whether that net $50 million of cost save, we should just spread out evenly through the year.
Richard Tobin: Let's take the second question first. Yes, on the $50 million. To spread it evenly through the year, I think, is the safest bet. It's not incredibly material to the overall earnings. But I get it, it's material to the year-over-year projected change. Look, I think that I would -- I don't think it's going to be disproportionate in terms of the revenue growth. But clearly, we need to see where we are on pumps -- on industrial pumps in Q1. We know that Maag and DPC are going to be levered because those are bigger projects. So there's some caution in those two particular businesses. The upside is EMV, right? So if we take -- if we go back and take a look at Q4, I think we were a little bit disappointed in the demand. I think we had signaled that the industrial pumps was slowing at the end of Q3. It's slowed quite a bit, as you can see in Q4. So that was kind of a disappointment versus what our forecasts were. But we overdelivered to such an extent in EMV and kind of net neutralized where we were. On DF, I think that the earnings are back-end loaded, not necessarily the revenue because we've got some pretty healthy backlogs on Refrigeration.
Julian Mitchell: And just my follow-up on capital deployment. In 2019, if I look at the cash you spent on buyback and M&A and CapEx, each of those three items were in that sort of $150-ish million to $200 million range rounding-wise. Just wondered when you're thinking about 2020, you can see the share count assumption you have pegged, you can see the CapEx range you have provided. But would we be surprised if that spread is broadly similar in 2020 as it was in '19?
Richard Tobin: I think that the CapEx is our best estimate at this time. I think that we would prefer the weighting towards inorganic investment to go up and capital return to go down. But if we're not spending it on one side, then it's going to come back on the other side.
Operator: Next, we have Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
David Ridley-Lane: This is David Ridley-Lane on for Andrew. What gives you confidence around the demand improving Pumps & Process Solutions as you go through 2020? I definitely heard your commentary that could be -- it could be softer here in the first half.
Richard Tobin: Our biopharma business, we expect to again grow in double digits. I think that our caution is around industrial pumps. We have good backlogs on a project basis in Maag, so we feel good about that. And then DPC, we're betting on a little bit of return to growth largely in the second half. So I think we've got -- it's a glass half full scenario. We've got some backlogs on our project-related businesses that to the extent everything remains firm, we'll deliver on those. We're going to be a little bit cautious on industrial pump demand until we see and interact with our dealers a little bit about where they stand in their stocking levels and the like. So I think that, that gives us some confidence that the only risk that we're taking in terms of the growth is largely on the industrial pump side.
David Ridley-Lane: Got it. And did the tone shift with customers around EMV upgrades? Is there a greater sense of urgency? And any updated thoughts on EMV demand after 2020 would be the question.
Richard Tobin: Yes, 2020. I guess if we look at Q4, you could make an argument that the phasing of the demand could be pulled into 2020, but we don't have enough data. It allows us to say, let's move that number up in terms of how it extrapolates into revenue. But clearly, what's happening is, as you can read the newspaper every day, you're getting now the first instances of credit card fraud at retail operations. And once you have that, that kind of jolts a lot of people into action. So I think that's the phenomenon that we see.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: So Rich, I just wanted to kind of follow up on the pumps outlook. Obviously, industrial pumps is the area of concern. How much backlog do you have kind of underwritten already for 2020 in that revenue growth outlook that you've got? And how does that compare to sort of a normal sort of backlog build into the fiscal year?
Richard Tobin: Well, the absolute value of the new segment in terms of backlog is up, but that is weighted towards DPC and Maag, which tend to be project-driven, so we've got some line of sight on that. The industrial portion of the business outside of biopharma is flat, and that's also where the vast majority of the revenue stream goes through distribution. So as I mentioned earlier, we saw an amount of inventory management going into Q4. We need to see where we stand, and we need to get a quarter under our belt to kind of -- so I think that we're cautious about industrial -- on the industrial pump demand. But I think we think -- we feel good about biopharma and we feel good about Maag just based on the backlog.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. I mean it'd be also helpful if you've got any color on -- in terms of where distributor and channel inventories are right now. But I did want to touch on CapEx because it's just running at over $200 million, which is about 3% of sales. Typically, you've been running at 2%. And I think most of your multi-industry peers are in that 2% zone. I know you're investing. You just mentioned you've got a preference for internal investment. I'm just curious how long do you think CapEx remain at these levels and when do you see it dialing back.
Richard Tobin: I think we're still spending on the brand-new site for our biopharma business that is going to roll off. So as Brad mentioned before, we underspent our guidance on CapEx. One of the reasons that we did was I think we underestimated how cold it is in Minneapolis to get that building stood up, so part of the spending has rolled into 2020. That, to me, is a one-timer, and we don't have anything like that. So we really have 2 or 3 really big projects running through our CapEx spending now. I think we highlighted them in 2018. Using round figures, in aggregate, that is close to between $90 million and $100 million of CapEx spend. We probably spent 60% -- 50% to 60% in 2019. We're going to roll forward to 40%. Unless we come up with another project that says -- for the brand-new building, based on growth, I would expect that amount of CapEx to come down as a percent of revenue.
Operator: Next, we have a question from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Rich, just on Imaging & ID, I think the 2% to 3% seems like it would be similar to what would be in a normal year. I know maybe some persistent weakness in the fourth quarter that doesn't give you all the optimism in the world. But you're coming off some fairly easy comps. The business doesn't seem like it takes a long time to build momentum once it's generated. At what point in time could we start to see more momentum there? Are we kind of locked into a weak 1Q just based on your visibility? And from there, it becomes more of a macro call? Can you just kind of walk us through the phasing of what a better scenario would look like timing-wise?
Richard Tobin: It's very Asia dependent. And just forget the recent news around Asia. Asia had slowed progressively in that particular sector. I'm talking about the Printing & ID portion of the business throughout 2019. So I think we're relatively cautious about expectation there, quite frankly, going into '20. We didn't make some deliveries that we thought we were going to make in digital printing in Q4 because of financing, letters of credit and the like. So part and parcel to that growth rate for '20 is somewhat levered on to the textile printing business because we believe that the orders are there. We just need to sort out some of the financing on it. So it's hard to say. I mean I think that's a question that we can probably answer at the end of Q1 once we see what's actually happening in Asia on the printing and ID side to say whether we're going to have an inflection point. Having said that, we've just invested in a complementary revenue stream for Markem-Imaje. So let's see what we can do with that going forward.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then just taking a step back, obviously, a lot of focus the last couple of years on productivity, and 2020 certainly has a lot more with some of the investments you're making in CapEx and otherwise. Is 2020 a year where you can start to shift your gaze toward the portfolio, whether it's on the M&A side or examining maybe noncore pieces of the business? Or is this still going to be kind of like an eyes-down, productivity-focused year in its entirety?
Richard Tobin: I'm sure the management team is not going to like when I say this, but the productivity issue never goes away, right? So what we're going to grind out in '20 is our expectation to grind down in '21 and going forward. And that's why we're investing quite a bit in our digital efforts and our back office efforts and a variety of other things. So we're taking the P&L cost of investing in those areas with the expectation that we can grind out the productivity in the following years. So that really doesn't go away. We actually have spent a considerable amount of time on our portfolio. It hasn't translated into a lot of inorganic activity, but it's not from a lack of trying.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie: Just in your Fueling Solutions organic growth guide, how much of a headwind is baked in for China underground subsiding here in 2020?
Richard Tobin: In percentage terms, I don't recall. I think it was $50 million more or less in terms of absolute revenue.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. All right. Cool. And then specifically on capital deployment, I may have missed this earlier. I know we talked a little bit about M&A. But how are you guys thinking about the toggle on buyback? And what should we kind of bake in or what is baked into your expectations for 2020?
Richard Tobin: It's kind of -- if we reset the clock, Joe, back to 2018, we said we weren't going to sit on a cash pile. Our preference is to deploy it inorganically. Obviously, we did purchase, what's the total, $140 million in total?
Brad Cerepak: $143 million, yes.
Richard Tobin: $143 million of equity back this year just because we haven't been deploying it inorganically. My preference in '20 would be the proportionality of inorganic investment to rise. But if we can't deploy it efficiently with high returns, then you can expect the same.
Operator: Next, we have a question from the line of Deane Dray with RBC.
Andrew Krill: This is Andrew Krill on for Deane. Can you just comment on the price cost environment you're seeing now and then what's being assumed for 2020 and if you're still seeing any impacts from tariffs?
Richard Tobin: I think they were neutral on year-over-year input costs right now. I think that we've got -- we picked up, I think, the year-over-year benefit on inputs in the second half of 2019. So our expectation is relatively neutral, and we think that pricing should be in excess of inflationary inputs, which includes labor, is really our goal.
Andrew Krill: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up. So we know you have the $50 million takeout -- cost takeout target for 2020. Just if the macro were to slow down more than expected, is there any potential to engage in further restructuring? And can you just size maybe what additional savings that you could read from that?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I think that what we're taking out of the $50 million has nothing to do with the demand cycle. So that $50 million is just core reduction of costs. If the demand cycle was to turn against us, clearly, we would take action on our cost base.
Operator: And the last question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Charles Tusa: When you guys think about kind of the dynamics around EMV, just -- can you just remind us kind of how that plays out beyond '20? And what -- how you see that kind of trending in '21 and '22, what we have to keep in mind on that front?
Richard Tobin: Yes. Our previous estimates was the peak amount would be 2020 and they would have reduced progressively in '21 and '22, more or less about 30% a year. Based on the exit rate that we saw in the fourth quarter, there's an argument to be made that it may be higher in 2020 and '21 because of adoption rates. But look, we only have one quarter of data point to model it. But I think that, as I mentioned, if you heard during the presentation, we know that we've got a headwind in China demand on the underground side. We may have a tailwind on EMV, but we'd like to get a quarter under our belt to see how that's progressing.
Charles Tusa: Okay. Great. And then just on Refrigeration. At what stage do you kind of reevaluate the strategy with kind of trying to operate that business better? Is that -- do you feel better about that today or a little more cautious about it given the kind of the sluggish -- stubbornly kind of sluggish performance?
Richard Tobin: Look, I mean we're committed to intervening on the cost base, and this is the year when it takes place, Steve. So I think that we're going to run it for the year. I think that where we're intervening is where our backlog is the strongest. So that gives us some pause for success. There are tertiary pieces of the Refrigeration side that we're taking a look at that not -- actively not kind of the production of case door. But on the case door side, I think that this is the year that we got to deliver, quite frankly.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Galiuk for closing remarks.
Andrey Galiuk: Thanks. This concludes our conference call. Thank you for your interest in Dover, and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter.
Richard Tobin: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-17 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to Dover's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree to these terms please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Mr. Galiuk, please go ahead.
Andrey Galiuk: Thanks, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to Dover's third quarter 2019 earnings call. The audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. Dover provides non-GAAP information and reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website. Our comments today may contain forward-looking statements. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. With that, I would like to turn this call over to Rich.
Richard J. Tobin: Thank you, Andrey. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us this morning's conference call. Let's get started on slide 3. Q3 organic revenue was up 6% for the quarter. The growth was broad-based across the portfolio and was positively impacted by improved production performance allowing us to ship product at a higher rate than Q3 last year particularly in the Fluids segment. Bookings in the quarter were solid with 7% organic growth with Fluids and Engineered Systems posting book-to-bill above one. Adjusted segment earnings increased 17% to $320 million contributing to 180 basis point improvement in operating margin over the comparable period. These results were driven by strong revenue conversion on volume leverage and continued improvements in productivity and cost controls more than offsetting unfavorable mix and labor cost inflation. Adjusted Q3 earnings were up 15% to $235 million and adjusted diluted EPS of $1.60 a share was up 18% year-over-year. As mentioned during our investor meeting in September this is the last period, which we'll report under the legacy segment structure. Starting at Q4, we will report using the new structure and provide full year comparative data. Overall, we are encouraged with the results in the third quarter and first nine months of 2019. Our revenue has increased organically by 5.5% year-to-date and our rightsizing and operational actions are yielding robust margin improvement with resulting increase in comparative free cash flow. We are entering the last quarter of 2019 with a solid order backlog across all our businesses as well as strong momentum and execution towards our margin targets. And as a result we are tightening our full year adjusted EPS guidance to the top end of our range from $5.82 to $5.85 per share. I'll pass it over to Brad here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's go through the details starting on slide 4. All-in revenue grew 4% to $1.8 billion and was driven by strong demand throughout our Fluids and Engineered Systems segments. GAAP EPS increased 33% to $1.40. Moving to non-GAAP results. As mentioned, we achieved significant margin accretion in the quarter with adjusted segment EBIT up 180 basis points over the prior year reflecting strong conversion on increased volume and continued execution of productivity initiatives. Adjusted segment EBITDA was $385 million, a margin of 21.1%. Key adjustments for non-GAAP results this quarter were acquisition-related amortization and rightsizing and other expenses. The EPS increase was supported by $0.04 or $5.2 million of discrete tax benefits, slightly below the $0.05 benefit in the prior year. Turning to slide 5. Let's get into a little bit more detail on our revenue and booking results in the quarter. As mentioned in our summary, organic growth was solid at 5.6% driven by Fluids and Engineered Systems and partially offset by Refrigeration & Food Equipment. As you can see foreign exchange rates negatively impacted our revenue and bookings. FX was 1.6% or a $29 million headwind for revenue, which had a $4 million impact on earnings with the most notable impact on our businesses levered to Europe and Asia. We expect these FX headwinds to persist in the fourth quarter. From an organic growth perspective Engineered Systems grew $42 million or approximately 6%, while Fluids grew $68 million or 10%. Refrigeration & Food Equipment revenue decreased by $12 million or 3%. Bookings increased organically 6.7%, and were – and all in were negatively impacted by FX. At Engineered Systems organic bookings increased $61 million, or approximately 9% driven by strong order intake in digital printing and the Environmental Solutions Group. Bookings in Fluids also increased $61 million, or 8% organically with strong growth in the fueling and transport and process solutions markets. Bookings in Refrigeration & Food Equipment declined $8 million. Finally, our book-to-bill finished at 0.99, while backlog at the end of Q3 was 3% higher than this time last year driven by Engineered Systems and Refrigeration & Food Equipment. From a geographic perspective the U.S. our largest market grew 7% organically driven by strong performance in Engineered Systems and Fluids, partially offset by Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Europe was up 8% with all segments posting organic growth and a particularly strong quarter from Fluids which was up nearly 20%. All of Asia grew 6% organically with China driving the growth at 20%. Our Fluids business was up 6% in Asia overall with nearly 30% growth in China on the strength of both retail fueling and process solutions businesses. Engineered Systems was up 10% in Asia whereas Refrigeration & Food Equipment was down mid-teens, primarily due to slower demand for heat exchangers in the region. Let's go to the earnings bridge now on Slide 6. Starting on the top. Engineered Systems adjusted segment EBITDA improved $17 million, largely driven by volume and productivity initiatives more than offsetting headwinds from FX. Fluids growth of $35 million reflects a combination of robust growth, continued margin improvement in retail fueling, and acquisitions. The $7 million decline in Refrigeration & Food Equipment reflects lower volumes for SWEP heat exchangers and slower activity in food retail. Going to the bottom chart. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations improved $31 million or 15%, primarily driven by higher segment earnings, partially offset by higher corporate costs and taxes. The effective tax rate excluding discrete tax benefits is approximately 22% for 2019, 30 basis points higher than the prior year on a comparable basis. Now on Slide 7. Year-to-date free cash flow was $447 million, a $163 million improvement over last year. Our cash flow was strong in the third quarter at 16.7% of revenue versus 11.8% in the comparable prior period. Despite strong topline growth through the year, our focus on working capital efficiencies drove a net improvement year-over-year. As we turn our attention to the fourth quarter, given the uncertain macro environment, we will manage our production schedules to meet our cash flow objectives. The fourth quarter is traditionally our strongest cash flow quarter. Capital expenditures were $137 million year-to-date, slightly ahead of last year. While we expect our capital expenditures to ramp in the fourth quarter, we do expect several of our investments planned for 2019 to carry over into 2020. With that let me turn it back over to Rich.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks Brad. Let's move to the segment slides. Engineered Systems delivered topline organic growth of 6.3%, largely driven by our industrial platform. As you can see in the bridge incremental margin was strong exceeding 50% as we converted well on volume growth in digital printing and refuse trucks and have continued to gain efficiency across the businesses. Our Printing & ID platform grew organically by 4%, driven by activity in digital printing on the heels of a strong order pipeline coming out of the ITMA trade show in June. Overall, the platform has performed well with particular strength in Asia where increased shipments in digital printing more than offset the weaker demand environment from marking and coding in China. The industrial platform posted 8% organic growth. Our waste handling business continued to deliver double-digit growth as demand remained strong for both traditional equipment and software with digital solutions business growing over 50% year-over-year. Our vehicle service business posted 8% growth on stronger aftermarket demand in Europe which has been slow in the past few quarters. DESTACO continued to experience slow demand in automotive OEM and MPG was flat for the quarter due to timing of orders for a specific defense program, but continues to carry a significant backlog as demand conditions in the defense sector remain constructive. Bookings for Engineered Systems remained solid. All but two businesses posted book-to-bill above one with particular strength in digital printing and waste handling which booked several large orders replenishing at strong backlog. Overall, we entered the last quarter on solid footing for the segment, largely driven by Printing & ID platform which is accretive to consolidated margins. The Fluids segment posted strong organic growth of nearly 10% for the quarter with continued strength across all businesses. Adjusted segment margin increased 340 basis points with incremental margin in excess of 50%, driven by volume leverage and improved productivity more than offsetting negative geographic and product mix. Adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 24.2%. Our pumps and process solutions business had an excellent quarter posting organic growth of 9%. Maag had a strong third quarter deliveries in the plastics and polymer markets in Europe and Asia which were back-end loaded to Q4 in 2018. Biopharma and thermal management markets continued to deliver double-digit growth during the quarter. Shipments remained robust for our industrial pumps and precision components business despite the weakening macro demand environment. Fueling and transport posted organic growth of 11% as demand remained robust across all geographies for both underground and aboveground equipment systems with particular strength in China which is going through the final stages of its underground piping upgrade cycle. EMV demand in the U.S. improved sequentially, but remained choppy and was not a significant contributor to comparable growth. Bookings in the segment grew 8% organically over the comparable period. The macro environment has shown signs of slowing in some end markets, but we remain constructive as the segment enters Q4 with a backlog roughly flat year-over-year albeit more skewed towards longer term projects. Refrigeration & Food Equipment organic revenue was down 3% and adjusted EBITDA margin of 13.3%. The margins were pressured by lower volume and frictional costs as we continue to restructure our manufacturing footprint in this segment. Activity in food retail remained mixed. Systems and services projects continue to decline year-over-year as new store activity remains subdued. Our core case -- door case product line food retail's largest sustained double-digit growth in revenue and backlog as retailers continued investing in store remodels. SWEP posted a flat quarter on a rebound in European demand offset by continued weakness in demand for heat exchangers in Asia. Bookings in the segment declined 2% organically mainly due to lower activity in refrigeration systems business. We enter Q4 with two-thirds of revenue in the backlog for food retail business and a constructive outlook to book shipments against several large contracts we signed last quarter. SWEP and Belvac enter Q4 with an increase in comparative backlog. Moving to slide 12. Slide 12 disaggregates the key sources of EPS accretion this quarter. Solid growth and operational actions continue to yield strong results driving the majority of the 18% EPS growth. Incremental conversion of the margin for the quarter was 60%. We are reiterating our revenue guidance for Engineered Systems and tightening upward the guidance for Fluids. Recall Fluids posted 17% organic growth in Q4 of 2018, setting a high watermark for comparable -- for the comparable period this year. We expect Refrigeration & Food Equipment to post flat revenue in 2019 after an 8% decline in 2018 as the market stabilizes after resetting to remodel driven demand. Overall, we are encouraged with the performance so far this year as we continue to deliver robust organic growth and margin conversion. We are executing well on productivity and cost initiatives and are working closely with our customers to sustain growth. Demand conditions remain constructive across most businesses but visibility and sentiment are cautious in some sectors. We have a lot on our plate between now and the end of the year with several major capital projects underway and an interesting inorganic pipeline but we remain focused on closing out 2019. So to wrap up despite the uncertain macro environment, a strengthening U.S. dollar and a challenging Q4 revenue comp, we are well-positioned to deliver a solid close to the year for both cash flow and earnings. And as such we are tightening our full year guidance to the top end of the range from $5.82 to $5.85 per share. And with, that let's move on to the Q&A. Andrey?
Andrey Galiuk: Stephanie let's open the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Good morning Rich.
Richard J. Tobin: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Hi, good morning everybody else. I landed at 3, last night. Sorry, I’m still trying to wake up. Look, let me ask you a lot of -- sort of we got questions from investors on bookings. Those were very good. And given the tough comps in Q4; A, how much of one-time stuff did you have in the third quarter because it does seem that you were helped by the Printing & ID? I think some of the refrigeration bookings maybe happened that you got in second quarter, happened in third quarter sort of. So how much of one-time stuff did you have in 3Q in terms of robust bookings? And can you think you can deliver positive bookings in Q4?
Richard J. Tobin: Well, I think that -- I don't want to comment on where we end up on Q4 bookings. We'd like to see that end. But I'll give you some color right? A lot of what we did in Q3 comparatively was based on production performance and to a certain extent order timing. So if you remember last year we were just coming out of a period in the Fluids segment where our backlog was high but that was driven by the fact that we were having trouble getting product out at this time last year. Our production performance in retail fueling was significantly better this year than it was last year, which both drove the revenue line and the margin delivery. In addition, to that in the Pumps and Process Solutions business, particularly in MAAG, we delivered basically our Q4 last year in Q3. So it was great to get the product out because these are our systems related in Q3 but that makes the Q4 comp even more difficult than even we would have estimated at the beginning of the year. The fact of the matter is if we got it out of production and it's ready to go let's ship it. In terms of backlog, I mean if you go back and look at the comments, the backlog is great. It sets us up well. But the fact of the matter is if you look in ESG, our backlog, a lot of that is flowing into 2020 as opposed to our ability to convert it into 2019 and especially so in MAAG and in precision components also. Those are longer-term systems contracts, which we're happy to have because we'd be shipping the next year. But I don't think that we're going to be able to convert them in Q4 just because of the long cycle nature of production.
Andrew Obin: Thank you. And then the question on Refrigeration. What's happening to labor cost in Refrigeration? And any way of sizing the OpEx investment around the planned automation into 4Q and into 2020?
Richard J. Tobin: The bigger issue in Refrigeration is not labor cost per se. It's labor availability that ends up rolling into over time, which ends up, so the labor cost net-net is up but it's -- the real struggle we're having is not the rate of labor cost, it's more of the availability. So running a bunch of overtime trying to get the product out and it is negatively impacting margins. But at the end of the day that is what we're hoping to resolve in the future by automating the process and taking a significant amount of the labor out. So if you looked at the P&L, labor costs will be up but it's not driven by rate. It's driven by the amount of OT that we're running.
Andrew Obin: Rich, Brad you made it look easy this quarter. Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Andrew Obin: Congratulations.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: Good morning everybody.
Richard J. Tobin: Good morning, John.
John Inch: So Fluids, I think if I look at your guide, right for organic revenues for the year, it implies the core down high single digit. Rich, you went through some of that based on the timing MAAG pull forward and so forth. Is that it? Or is there something else -- firstly, am I kind of right about the down high single-digit core for Fluids in the fourth quarter? And is there something else going on that maybe could actually boost that business versus expectations today?
Richard J. Tobin: Okay. Well look, I mean at the end of the day, I think that we've been trying to tell everybody all year that the comp in Q4 in the Fluids segment was going to be tough because we grew 17% in Q4 last year. I think, it's going to be interesting when we go to the new segments because, when you look at bookings and revenue, you've got really two different kinds of businesses in there kind of like short-cycle demand which would be fueling systems and then you've got kind of long-cycle demand. And what we have going on is, backlog is up, but it's biased toward longer-term demand which is DPC and MAAG because those are longer-term projects. This is not to say that the above -- that fueling solutions is going to have a bad fourth quarter, but the fact of the matter is that we've known all along, that we shipped a lot last year because we had a self-induced backlog and not being able to get the product out. And we've done a much better job in terms of production performance this year, which is reflected in the margins. So, there's really nothing going on so to speak other than timing differences on production performance.
John Inch: Well, so, I guess part of the issue is that we're going to have tough compares into -- literally through the first three quarters of next year too. All else equal, does that prospectively subdue growth similarly and I realize there were some kind of one timer’s right in the fourth quarter.
Richard J. Tobin: Look, if I look at estimates for topline growth for '20 today and we haven't given out any guidance for '20, but if I look at it, I don't think that we will have an issue based on our backlog right now.
John Inch: Got it.
Richard J. Tobin: But clearly -- and I've read a bunch of the research reports, this notion of us kind of missing Q4. Well, we just beat Q3, so the assumption is you've got to moderate Q4. And we've been pretty clear that the topline was going to be a tough comp for Fluids in Q4.
John Inch: No, that's clear. The RF&E segment, so I mean it didn't show sequential improvement, so it deteriorated on the margins sequentially. I think you sort of explained that. The question is -- and I think the automation stuff obviously picks that back. Do you still see a path Rich to 15% to 16% margins in retail refrigeration that you outlined in the...
Richard J. Tobin: I do. I do. Look, we're in the midst of consolidating on UB's platform which is causing some consternation in terms of getting the product out and some transitional costs because we're going from five to three in terms of the footprint. And we are throwing labor right now at increased volumes in door case and it's costing us some money to do that. But I think we should have some good news in terms of backlog based on what I can see in door case leading to Q4, despite the fact that Q4, the seasonality is usually one of the worst quarters. But I think we're lining up to have some good news in terms of bookings at least going into '20.
John Inch: Just last, given the choppy economy, did you see -- like how did the third quarter play out for you? Traditionally, September is a very strong month right for most industrial companies. Were there anomalies as you went through July, August and as you ended September and October?
Richard J. Tobin: I think that there is an amount of caution that's out there especially through distribution about everybody trying to manage their inventories through the end of the year. I think that we performed in the Fluids segment better than we expected, especially on the underground side and that -- because of this transition with the regulatory environment on the piping, so I think the guys did a fantastic job of getting the product out, but that's kind of pulling away from Q4 to a certain extent. And we knew that that was going to slow into '20. So, we're maximizing performance, but clearly the market sentiment is not as good as it was this time last year.
John Inch: It's refreshing to hear a company not managing quarters, but actually just getting the stuff shipped. Very much appreciated. Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey good morning guys.
Richard J. Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, so food margins have continued to rise. And you talked at the Analyst Day that fueling solutions continues to be a near-term opportunity for margin enhancement. Are you basically at the point now through restructuring that you got to the 15% to 17% margin in DFS? And as you've gone through it, have you found incremental margin opportunities? Or are the strong incrementals in that business really just a function of the strong growth that you've had?
Richard J. Tobin: Well there's two pieces to it, right? I think that when we referred to the margin catch-up opportunity, that was on the aboveground portion of fueling solutions. And I think if you -- we don't disclose that number, but I can tell you that that is where a significant amount of the year-over-year margin accretion has come from. So the team has done a really good job in terms of executing on that. On the belowground side, that's just pure volume, right? I think that we've had arguably leading margins in the belowground side and they've been executing well. And I believe that we've gained market share in that particular segment. So, I don't think that we've extracted everything that we can from the aboveground portion. I think that -- as I mentioned back in September, I think that we need to improve our margins in the EMEA region. But overall, I think that we're reasonably pleased, but we don't feel that we're at the end of the runway.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Got it. And then, just talking regionally about your performance, obviously you just mentioned the underground inflection has had a regulation in China. But China was a bit weak for you last quarter. Obviously, very strong this quarter and Europe continues to be strong. So, maybe you can talk about those particular regions and what you see going forward. Did you see any stability for instance in businesses like MI in China? Or have they continued to weaken?
Richard J. Tobin: I think that the rate of weakening in MI is relatively static to last quarter, okay. So it didn't get any worse and it didn't get any better. I think that we performed well better than expected in Fluids on the underground portfolio of fueling solutions and that may be a little bit of a pull forward. EMEA, for us, as you know, is always a messy number, because we've got some substantial businesses there that export a lot. We do our best of trying to recognize revenue, but you've got a business like digital printing, for example, that had an excellent quarter, as we expected. That is -- 100% of that output is recognized in euros but it's exported around the globe. So our euro or our EMEA number is always -- it's more MEA than the E, if you follow me.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Yeah. Thanks guys. Nice quarter.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Hey, just back on fueling Rich, I think you just said you got more runway there. Not surprised to hear that. But the improvement that we're seeing, would you call this still just kind of better operational execution among the business as it sits today? Or are we seeing kind of fruits of really trying to maybe better integrate OPW and Tokheim and Wayne and just thinking about what was rolled up in prior years and maybe wasn't really fully stitched together?
Richard J. Tobin: More the former. Right? So I think a lot of it is some of the operational issues that we had last year have been -- not fully but a lot of that has been rectified. So when I referenced the issue of improved production performance Q-to-Q that's really what I'm talking about. I think that we've made a lot of initial progress in terms of the integration, but that's really a European phenomenon for the most part. And really that's what we need to continue to work on. I think that there's been a lot of work done on it in preparation for harmonization of platforms between Wayne and Tokheim in Europe, but I don't think we're really seeing the benefit of that yet. That's to come.
Jeff Sprague: And you said that EMV did not contribute to growth. Does that mean it didn't grow? Or it didn't grow at a different growth rate than the segment?
Richard J. Tobin: It grew, but it did not materially impact the growth rate in Q3.
Jeff Sprague: And just one last one, cases versus doors. Were you saying just doors were up double-digit? I didn't really catch that.
Richard J. Tobin: No. It's an integrated offering now almost. It's door case.
Jeff Sprague: Yes. Okay. Up double digit in the quarter?
Richard J. Tobin: Yes.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. Thank you. 
Richard J. Tobin: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Richard J. Tobin: Good morning 
Brad Cerepak: Good morning
Nigel Coe: So, great, so free cash flow in the quarter. And obviously free cash is being a little bit lumpy. You've got strong growth no surprise there. But Brad you called out the seasonality impact in 4Q. Normally 4Q cash flow is higher. Number one, do you feel comfortable that you can grow free cash flow sequentially from what you did in 3Q? And therefore, I'll be pushing towards the upper end of the range in terms of the free cash margin guidance.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. Okay. Well, quite frankly, we're pleased with the execution here in Q3. And also, I think, it's the first time we're actually calling out that we've made progress on our working capital, which is great to see. We're continuing that -- those actions into the fourth quarter. The thing we did point out and we continue to say is, that this is going to be a more heavily invested year, which means we're set up to have a stronger CapEx spend in the fourth quarter. Having said that, I still see that into the fourth quarter and we'll be delivering strong cash again year-over-year. So we feel confident about our cash flow for the year.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I think that's good enough. And then just – obviously, most of the metrics came in extremely strong. If I had to be critical, gross margin conversion was not a great quarter if I sort of like sort of dig into kind of what needs to improve. So maybe just unpack gross margins and the – that decline, I think, it was year-over-year. Kind of what impacted that maybe price/cost mix? And then, Rich, what improves in 2020 in terms of getting that gross margin converted better?
Richard J. Tobin: It was mix more than anything else. If we unpack it between kind of input cost headwinds and labor inflation versus price, we're better than – in tariffs, we're better than neutral. It's really mix at the end of the day. And mix you can't control. I mean, if you look at -- let's pick one, like a company like VSG that posted an excellent top line growth, but the gross margin was down some. It's all mix related, but that's something over time that we think that we can rectify, because it's a specific product line that's kind of ramping up and we're dealing with some of the costs associated with that. So there's a lot of different initiatives that were going – that are going on and will take some negative mix. It's not price driven. We're not buying market share, but it's kind of some transitory issues in terms of building up new product lines and the like. And if you look at the geographic mix of our revenue, let's go back to the questions I talked about before and we would be pretty upfront that Fueling Solutions' EMEA margins are negative to consolidated margins and they had a pretty good quarter. So we'll take the revenue and we'll take the absolute earnings, but it comes out as a negative -- as in the negative mix. So the mix we can't really control. I think that we're trying to be disciplined in terms of pricing and a variety of other things. But you don't want to shut off the top line trying to manage gross margin.
Nigel Coe: Absolutely. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks a lot. Good morning. Just wanted to ask a first question around Refrigeration & Food Equipment demand, not so much around door versus case or door case bookings in Q3 versus Q4, or whatever. But just last year, as you said, organic sales down 8%. This year maybe flat – flattish let's say. How do you think about the overall customer spending environment? Maybe be for 2020 or even for the medium term, do you really think this is a floor in sales for that segment? And where you think we are on the sort of replacement cycle for customers?
Richard J. Tobin: I think that the market is transitioning the way that we expected it, meaning that it's now driven towards repair, refurbishment which is good. And that's what's driving the door case portion of the volume. I think the greenfield build-out has continued to be weak, so it's a negative to systems. So systems from here, it's hard to say. I mean, it's how one is a piece of a string. It's pretty damn low in terms of the demand right now, because we don't see a lot of big box greenfield expansion going out there. But we are getting slightly encouraged at least in terms of the door case demand, which is the bulk of the business and that's the part that we're intervening on in terms of its cost structure. So we feel -- based on what we can see right now and as I alluded to during -- earlier in the call, I think that we should hopefully have some good news about bookings and door case closed in Q4, which sets up 2020 better than 2019 on the systems side. I would hope that we're at the floor right now.
Julian Mitchell: And if you think about what that means for margins, I mean, this year in Refrigeration & Food you've got flattish sales, margins down slightly probably for the year. If you had flattish sales in 2020, do we think the margin performance can be better?
Richard J. Tobin: I hope so. I mean a lot of that is going to be predicated on how we execute on the startup of our automation on the Hillphoenix side of the business. So I would expect that we're going to have some hiccups in Q1 and Q2. I mean, it's a pretty big project, but I think overall I think that we can post increased margins that we're expecting to -- post increased margins on the top line next year.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then just my second and last topic would be around capital deployment. Buyback spend in the nine-month period I think $23 million so very, very low. I think in the prepared remarks you've mentioned some attractive M&A opportunities. Maybe just flesh out how you're thinking about that and whether there are a lot of opportunities that you can still do at that 10% year three rolling hurdle rate.
Richard J. Tobin: Well, it's interesting. I think that the amount of opportunities has increased significantly over the last let's say six months, but the pricing environment is still tough. We lost out on one in Q3 that we would've liked to execute it, but the purchase price just got -- we got bid out at the end of the day. But having said that, I think that we've got a better -- a much better pipeline than we did last year, remains to be seen if we can have a meeting of the minds in terms of valuation and get them done. So I think that we feel good that based just on the number of attractive opportunities that you'll see some increased activity there.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hey, good morning guys. 
Richard J. Tobin: Hey, Scott.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Scott Davis: Richard has there been any real change in the M&A processes? Kind of how you guys -- whether the bodies or the process or the filters or anything that you're doing differently since you came on board?
Richard J. Tobin: I guess that's hard for me to say. It's been the same for the 1.5 years that I've been here and I've never retrospectively looked back at the processes in the past, but I think that we've got a pretty robust process for it right now. We walk away from quite a bit unfortunately considering the pricing environment. So we got to have the discipline. Like I just mentioned we spent a lot of time and money on one that we just lost out on due to valuation in the quarter and that's life sometimes. So I can't speak to the past of the process. I can just say that we are confident in the team that we have here that is objectively evaluating these businesses.
Scott Davis: And just to follow-up on that, I mean, where are the lion's share of your opportunities come from? Are they books that are out there? Are they -- the sponsor stuff? Is it stuff that you guys are internally cultivating or a combination of all? Just…
Richard J. Tobin: It's a combination of all. It's a combination of all.
Scott Davis: Fair enough. Thank you guys.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Pat Baumann: Oh, hi. Good morning guys. This is actually Pat Baumann on for Steve Tusa. Thanks for taking my call. A question and I missed it at the very beginning part of the call so I apologize if this is repetitive. But as you look at the segment guidance for organic growth and you look at the year-to-date numbers, it just seems like Fluids the exit rate is going to be at least for the guide maybe just conservative. But just curious it looks like it's going to trend down high single-digits or so in the fourth quarter. Is that just comps timing? Like how would you kind of characterize that? First of all is that the right read in terms of guide?
Richard J. Tobin: No. It's correct and it's what we've been guiding all year that we grew 17% on the top line Q4 last year that there was no way we were going to do that again, because that 17% growth was timing of shipments in our process solution group that some of which that we recognized in Q3 so that business will grow year-over-year. It's just a timing issue. And the fact of the matter and in fueling solutions we had a self-induced backlog of our inability to get the product out last year, which we've done much a better job this year. So our revenue growth has been more evenly blended. So it's going to be a difficult comp. I think the headline figure is going to be what it is, but I think that we're confident that we can increase absolute earnings quarter-over-quarter despite that difficult top line comp.
Pat Baumann: Understood. And then in the context of what looks like a tough comp to start next year there? Or do you expect kind of next year start out slower than ultimately ends just given those comps?
Richard J. Tobin: I don't want to get into -- look we haven't given that guidance for next year and I'm not going to give out sequential guidance for next year. So let's wait until we close the year, we can deal with seasonality of 2020.
Pat Baumann: Okay. Make sense. And then just my second follow-up would be, just in terms of the incremental cost savings expected for 2020 could you remind us what the total number of the incremental cost savings number -- I wouldn't think that that's changed but just remind us what that is. And then...
Richard J. Tobin: You mean the famous $50 million? I knew, we'd finally got a question. Congratulations Pat. Yes, it's $50 million.
Pat Baumann: So, $50 million. And then should -- like I know you don't want to guide for next year, but you gave that number. So just curious, if we should be thinking about that weighted to 1.5 of the year versus the other...
Richard J. Tobin: You can't stop yourself with the seasonality can you? All right. $50 million is all you've got. Thanks Pat.
Pat Baumann: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys. Just a follow-up on kind of the core margin conversion this quarter, Rich, and I think in some of the past quarters you tried to isolate what was the self-help what was kind of the core conversion. Earlier in the year, I think you would've said core conversion could have been better. Obviously the 60% is a very good all-in number. Just wondering how you kind of grade those different pieces in the quarter.
Richard J. Tobin: It's better and it continues to get better as we've gone through there. Mix aside and a variety of -- just take the noise out of the numbers, it's getting better. And a lot of that is based on improved production performance year-over-year. Now the reason that we stopped disaggregating it is because we said that we were going to do it for a year and the SG&A line especially because of FX movement is now getting really messy, right, because you've got headwinds on profit translation which is offset by kind of core cost on currency which positively impacts in our case the SG&A line. So it looks like we're overcooking SG&A now. We knew this was coming as we watched FX develop through the year. So overall, look we're never completely satisfied. I think that we've been open about where we need to improve next year. But overall, I think the gross margin conversion or the operating conversion we feel good about.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then I know you made mention to it a few times on some of the various moving pieces on revenue timing. Any way to kind of size the totality of the revenue that might have been pulled forward for the fourth quarter? Just for the sake of confusion so no one kind of gets that number wrong?
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. We knew -- you can imagine as we were closing this quarter and we knew that we were going to be explaining this Q4 squeeze when we actually beat our own internal estimates for Q3 revenue in Fluids and only became -- made the problem harder. The fact of the matter is, especially as it relates to process solutions to the extent that the product is ready and we can ship it. We'd be crazy not get it out of the door and try to manage the Q4 number. So it's pumps and processes solution, especially Maag had an excellent Q4 last year. We recognize that in Q3 and I think that we've beaten this whole Fluids issue between the bad comp that was self-induced last year on the aboveground and the fact that we performed very well in Q3 in China, in Q3 and we would not expect that to do that again in Q4 on the underground side.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it, that's helpful. And then just one minor one, anything that you saw, on more of the pumps side of Fluids that matched some of this kind of macro agita out there? It doesn't really seem like it. But given that it's longer cycle maybe it's not something that's apparent in the numbers?
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. I think that the longer-cycle systems business continued to book well for us. I think on the pumps business, we saw some weakening at the end of Q3 going into Q4.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it appreciate the color. Good quarter guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks good morning guys. So we've talked about the 4Q guide to some extent on the Fluids it implied 4Q organic for Fluids. Maybe just thinking about Refrigeration & Food Equipment, it seems like the flattish guide for the year implies about mid-single-digit growth in 4Q. And so just curious just how much of that you already have in your backlog versus meeting short cycle to get better in order to hit that number.
Richard J. Tobin: I would think that we've got the majority of it in backlog.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. All right. Good enough. And then I guess maybe kind of thinking about next year and clearly on the fueling and transport side, you guys have been great regionally but very specifically in China you mentioned an upgrade cycle coming to an end. I guess how do you think about the growth rate in China on the fueling side of the business next year? And is there a headwind that we should be aware of as we're thinking about our own planning for 2020?
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. We think that the belowground portion has got a headwind specifically in China because of the runoff of the regulatory environment. We're working on plans to make it up in other regions at the end of the day. But clearly on the underground side, we would expect that to be a headwind going into next year.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Is your expectation at this point that China overall on the fueling side is still growth next year?
Richard J. Tobin: I hope so, but I think it's a little too early to tell whether -- what the quantum of the underground side versus the catch-up on the aboveground side. So let's -- we don't know yet but that's kind of our planning.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Hey Rich you've used this term improved production performance multiple times over this call and I would love to hear more specifically around that. What are you doing differently especially in Fluids now versus last year? Is it automation you've added? Did you take out bottlenecks, streamline SKUs? Just give us some color for like what changed that -- in totality is this characterization of improved production performance?
Richard J. Tobin: I think that arguably year-to-date 2019 that the Fluids -- or our fluid solutions group has done the best year-over-year improvement in operations, meaning I think that we were pretty upfront last year that we were struggling with the planned consolidation in Europe that need to be rectified. And to a certain extent we were struggling, not struggling but we felt we had room to improve with our North American operations and both have improved year-over-year. So that's what it is. It's – so it's – there's no frictional cost, not a lot of overtime. We're basically – it's manifesting itself in reductions in working capital terms. A variety of different ways that we measure the performance. So it's helped us. It's part and parcel to the year-over-year revenue growth because we had the same backlog last year. We're just getting it out in a more sustained fashion this year and not squeezing it into Q4 which happened. So it's that more than re-platforming. I think that the group is doing a lot of good work on re-platforming but that's a benefit I would expect that we see in the future.
Deane Dray: That's great. And then just as a follow-up on the geographies, I'm trying to figure out which is more impressive, the fact that you had all segments growing in Europe, considering some of the anxiety we've seen in slowing there or China being up 20%. Just start with Europe, the balance of the segment growth there and in terms of recent weakness that we've seen in those geographies.
Richard J. Tobin: As I mentioned earlier, we continue to perform well in Europe. And almost inexplicably, I mean, I think I wrote that into our comments despite the bad macros and everything else. But remember too that it is an EMEA comment. It's not necessarily what we would consider the old Western Europe, right? And there are headwinds there. We run through headwinds in both DESTACO and to a certain extent VSG on our auto OEM European auto OEM volume that we've offset and we've made a lot of that up on Printing & ID that are shipping into greater EMEA. So it's not like a lot of that product is being shipped into Germany per se. A lot of it is being shipped into the Middle East and Africa. So overall I think there's some timing differences on VSG. I think that Europe was actually up, off of two previous down quarters. And the balance of it is mostly in the Printing & ID segment and on the pumps on the biopharma side.
Deane Dray: And then China, no sign of trade friction fallout?
Richard J. Tobin: No. There's all kind of signs of trade friction fallout for sure. But at the end of the day I think that the Fluids group and digital printing offset weakness in pumps I think and MI in Markem-Imaje.
Deane Dray: Very helpful. Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your final question comes from Mig Dobre with Baird.
Mig Dobre: Thank you. Good morning. Just wanted to follow up on the China Fluids discussion. Can you help size maybe the benefit that you've had from this pre-buy? I don't know how else to call it but ahead of regulatory changes.
Richard J. Tobin: No. I can just tell you that our estimates for Q3, we did better than we would have thought in terms of timing. Whether we can squeeze out some more growth in Q4 it remains to be seen. But we consider it to be a headwind going into 2020 just because of the end of the transition. But I can't size it.
Mig Dobre: I mean we're all wondering about the materiality of that specific business to the segment overall.
Richard J. Tobin: No I get it. And it's – the good news for us is that we've got a variety of different – first of all, once we go to the new segment structure you're going to be able to unpack the long cycle portions of Fluids with the short cycle side. So we'll give you a lot more transparency there. So before you start taking the entire larger old segment and putting a total headwind on it of some percentage basis I would caution you, why don't you wait to Q4 and then you're going to see the split between the long cycle and the short cycle.
Mig Dobre: Okay. And then lastly on ESG, we've seen some pretty good order volatility throughout the year. I think orders were down quite a bit in the first half. Obviously, you made up for it in the third quarter. What's sort of going on here? In terms of timing is there some specific product rollout? Is this just lumpiness from large customers? And what's kind of the setup going forward?
Richard J. Tobin: It's the latter, right? So we recognize in that particular business that there are large high-value kind of blanket orders that come in from large customers that you've got to deal with the timing of the runoff. So part of the backlog positivity that we had this quarter is the fact that ESG is beginning to bring in orders for 2020 and that's reflected in our backlog.
Mig Dobre: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer period. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Galiuk for closing remarks.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you. This concludes our conference call. We thank you for your interest in Dover and look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's third quarter 2019 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Mr. Galiuk, please go ahead.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you, Christy. Good morning and welcome to Dover's second quarter 2019 earnings call. We'll begin with comments from Rich and Brad and we will then open the call for questions. This call will be available for playback through August 8 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 2256006. Dover provides non-GAAP information such as adjusted EPS results and guidance. Reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website dovercorporation.com. Our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are intrinsically subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. Also we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. With that, I would like to turn this call over to Rich.
Richard J. Tobin: Thanks, Andrey. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us for this morning's conference call. Let's get started on slide 3. Q2 organic revenue was up nearly 3% for the quarter, driven by continued strong performance in our Fluids segment at 7% with all markets contributing to comparable growth and solid trading conditions in the industrials platform within Engineering Systems, which were able to more than offset forecasted slowdown driven by timing in our digital print business that I'll get into later in the presentation. Refrigeration & Food Equipment was short of projections principally as a result of tougher trading conditions in Asia for heat exchangers as well as refrigeration systems demand. Forecasted demand and recent customer wins particularly in retail refrigeration case and door give us confidence for an improved second half of the year. Adjusted segment earnings increased 13% to $311 million, contributing to 190 basis point improvement in operating margin over the comparable period. These results were driven by a strong revenue conversion in Engineered Systems and Fluids on volume leverage, good product mix, coupled with improvements in productivity and tight cost controls, more than offsetting raw material and labor cost inflation. Adjusted Q2 earnings were up 15% to $229 million and adjusted EPS at $1.56 a share was up 20%. As announced, we completed the acquisition of All-Flo Pump Co., a growing manufacturer of specialty pumps. This acquisition strengthens our leading position in the growing segment of positive displacement pumps for critical fluid transfer applications. Overall, we're encouraged by the results in the second quarter and the first half of 2019. Demand remains constructive across much of the portfolio. Our rightsizing and operational actions are yielding robust margin improvement. Dover entered the second half with a solid order backlog augmented by recent customer wins and as well as strong momentum and execution towards margin targets. And as a result, we are tightening the top half of our previous full year adjusted EPS guidance range to $5.75 to $5.85 per share. Now that's it for the opening comments. I'll pass it to Brad and then come back with the segment color.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Let's move to slide 4. Revenue grew by 1% to $1.8 billion and was driven by strong demand in Fluids and our industrial platform in Engineered Systems. GAAP EPS increased 25% to $1.35. Moving to non-GAAP results: As mentioned, we achieved significant margin accretion in the quarter with adjusted segment EBIT up 190 basis points over the prior year, reflecting continued execution of productivity initiatives. Our SG&A actions announced last year are for all intents complete and we are delivering the savings we expected. Adjusted segment EBITDA was $376 million, a margin of 20.8%. Key adjustments for non-GAAP results this quarter were acquisition-related amortization and rightsizing and other expenses. The EPS increase was supported by $0.02 or $3.6 million of discrete tax benefits on par with a $0.02 benefit in the second quarter of the prior year. Now moving to slide 5. Let's get into a little bit more detail on our revenue and bookings results in the quarter. As mentioned in our summary, organic growth was solid at 2.9%, driven by Fluids and Engineered Systems and partially offset by Refrigeration & Food Equipment. As you can see, foreign exchange rates negatively impacted our revenue and bookings. FX was a significant 2.5% or $45 million headwind for revenue, which had an $8 million impact on earnings with the most notable impact in Engineered Systems, largely driven by printing and identification demand being levered to EMEA and Asia. The two largest contributors to the FX headwind were Europe and China, where average exchange rates declined against the dollar by approximately 6%. Based on current rates, we expect the impact to moderate in the second half of the year. We have used a $1.13 rate for the euro and a $0.15 for the RMB in our full year forecast. From a segment perspective, Engineered Systems grew $12 million or approximately 2% organically and Fluids grew $52 million or 7%. Refrigeration & Food Equipment's revenue decreased by $11 million or 3%. Bookings declined organically 1.7%. And as previously mentioned, we're also negatively impacted by FX. At Engineered Systems, organic bookings declined by $39 million or approximately 5.5% due to slower activity in digital printing and the Environmental Solutions Group. Bookings in Fluids increased by $52 million or 7% with strong order activity across the segment. Bookings in Refrigeration & Food Equipment declined $43 million. Rich will provide more information on the order book and individual businesses in a few minutes. Finally, overall order -- overall book-to-bill finished at a solid 1.0, while backlog at the end of Q2 was 2% higher than this time last year, driven primarily by Engineered Systems. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., our largest market grew 2% organically, driven by mid-single digit growth in Engineered Systems and Fluids, partially offset by Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Europe was up 8% with all segments posting organic growth and a particularly strong quarter from Fluids, which was up over 20% in EMEA. All of Asia was down 5% organically with China down 1%. Our Fluids business was up mid-single digits in Asia overall with double-digit growth in China on the strength of both the retail fueling and process solutions businesses, whereas Engineered Systems and Refrigeration were down in Asia due to slower economic activity in the region. Let's go to the earnings bridges on slide 6. Starting on the top. Engineered Systems' adjusted segment EBITDA improved $5 million, largely driven by volume and productivity initiatives, more than offsetting headwinds from FX. Fluids' growth of $35 million, reflects a combination of robust growth, continued margin improvement in retail fueling and acquisitions. The $7 million decline at Refrigeration & Food Equipment reflects lower volumes for SWEP and slower activity in food retail. Going to the bottom chart. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations improved $29 million or 15%, primarily driven by higher segment earnings and lower corporate costs, partially offset by slightly higher taxes. Now on slide 7. Year-to-date free cash flow was $142 million, which is an improvement over last year in absolute terms and as a percent of revenue. The second quarter in particular compared favorable -- favorably at 8.5% of revenue versus 6% last year. Year-to-date strong top line growth was supported by working capital investment of $164 million, which we expect to convert to cash in the back half of the year, inventory built with volume increases in the quarter as well as in anticipation of a strong Q3. The third and fourth quarters are traditionally our strongest cash-generating quarters. Capital expenditures were $91 million year-to-date slightly below last year. We expect our CapEx to ramp up in the second half in line with seasonality of our cash flows and are still on pace to execute our previously guided organic growth investments in the year. Let me turn it back to Rich.
Richard J. Tobin : Thanks, Brad. Let's move on to slide 9. Engineered Systems delivered top line organic growth of 1.7% largely driven by the industrial platform. As you can see in the bridge, incremental margin conversion on organic growth was over 100% in the quarter, driven by productivity gains and volume leverage. Despite the negative FX translation, adjusted segment margin increased 120 basis points. Our Printing & ID platform declined organically by 3%, driven by the expected slower activity in digital printing due to the ITMA trade show that happens every four years, where customers assess and review the latest technology before making investments. To put that impact in perspective, digital printing was down approximately 20% in revenue and 50% in earnings from the comparable quarter in a business that we forecast to grow double-digits in revenue for the full year. We are encouraged by the pipeline of orders coming out of the trade show, especially in our LaRio industrial printer line and expect the business to reaccelerate into the second half. Overall, the platform performed well in Europe, while Asia experienced continued slowing from Q1. Our industrial platform posted 5% organic growth. Our waste-handling business continued to deliver double-digit growth as demand remained strong for both traditional equipment and software, with software growing by over 20% driven by significant ramp in installations. Despite the difficult trading conditions in the general automotive space, our vehicle service business posted 2.4% growth offsetting the more challenging trading conditions in automotive OEM demand and negatively impacting DESTACO. MPG was down from the comparable quarter due to shipment timing, but exits Q2 with its highest order backlog in many years as demand conditions in the defense sector remain constructive. Going into Q3, bookings for Engineered Systems remained solid. Most businesses posted book-to-bill of around one with a notable exception of our waste-handling businesses where orders were slower versus high comps and record backlog in the comparable quarter. Overall, we enter the second half on solid footing for the segment largely driven by Printing & ID platform, which is accretive to consolidated margins. Moving on to the next slide. The Fluids segment posted strong organic growth of 7.5% for the quarter, with continued strength across all the businesses. Adjusted segment margin increased 410 basis points with incremental organic margin conversion of 50% driven by volume leverage, improved productivity and product mix. Adjusted EBITDA margin increased to 22.9%. Our pumps and process solution business had another excellent quarter posting organic growth of 7%. Demand remained robust for industrial pumps, rotating equipment components for natural gas compression and renewable energy and equipment for polymer pumps and filtration systems. Biopharma and thermal management markets continued to deliver double-digit growth during the quarter, as we ready for a significant capacity expansion in this business. Fueling and transport posted organic growth of 8% as demand remained robust across all geographies for both underground and aboveground equipment systems. EMV demand is forecast to continue to be choppy as all signs point to adoption trajectory continuing beyond 2020 at current activity levels. Margin conversion on volume was strong in the quarter, and we expect that trend to continue for the balance of the year as we track towards meeting the stated margin objectives in the Fueling Solutions business. Bookings in the segment grew 7% organically over the comparable period. The growth is broad-based with particular strength in our plastics and polymer equipment and biopharma businesses. In Refrigeration & Food Equipment, organic revenue was down 2.8% at adjusted EBIT margin of 15%. Demand for the margin-accretive SWEP heat exchanger business was down 6% in the quarter most notably in Asia. Activity in food retail was mixed with systems and service projects posting a decline year-over-year; while our door case product line food retail's largest posted double-digit growth in revenue and backlog as retailers restarted investing in-store formats and refurbishment. United Brands grew modestly despite a challenging comparison to the prior year as several large chain rollouts were shipped on orders booked last year. And Belvac revenue increased modestly however bookings were slow. The poor mix effect on margins driven by the reduction of heat exchanger and system shipments was further exacerbated by volume ramp costs in retail refrigeration, which struggled with supply chain constraints and labor availability at our principal production site in Richmond. While we are encouraged by the turnaround in demand in food retail for our core case and door products, it is absolutely clear that we need to deliver on our automation project to deliver on volume earnings conversion. Bookings in the segment were slower this quarter posting 10% organic decline, mainly due to lower activity in refrigeration systems businesses and can-making equipment. In Food Retail, recent customer wins versus this time last year give us confidence about the improved revenue outlook for the second half. Moving to slide 12. Slide 12 disaggregates the key sources of EPS accretion for the quarter. Dover continues to deliver on announced cost actions. Incremental margin for the quarter was at 21% and is expected to be the lowest percentage conversion for the year as a result of a negative mix effect on the high-margin Printing & Identification platform in this quarter. Moving on. We are reiterating our revenue guidance for Fluids and Engineering Systems based on order books and forecasted growth in Printing & ID, and have lowered Refrigeration & Food Equipment as we are cautious on Asia and systems demand in the second half. Overall, we are encouraged with the performance in the first half of the year. Organic growth is 5.5% with good margin conversion. We are executing well on productivity and cost initiatives. Demand remains supportive across most businesses, but visibility and sentiment remain cautious in some sectors. Despite the cautious macro environment, we are in control of a significant portion of our year-over-year profit change, and as such, we are tightening on our full year guidance range to $5.75 to $5.85 per share. Lastly as a note, we are targeting mid-September to host a Dover Day in Chicago, where we will provide an update on our progress on previously announced initiatives and a review of our portfolio strategy. We'll provide more information on that soon. So that's the presentation. Let's move on to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, all.
Richard J. Tobin: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey. First on kind of the product ID and printing businesses thanks for that color on kind of the ITMA effect. But can you give us now a little bit of additional color then on what orders ought to look like in Q3? Do we see a big order bump there? And I just wonder, if you can also expand the conversation about that segment to kind of the Markem-Imaje piece of the business also?
Richard J. Tobin: Okay. Sure. If we were to normalize our revenue through the quarters, the effect of printing – of digital printing on the quarter was a little bit in excess of 0.5 point of organic growth. So, I mean, we knew this was coming – 
Brad Cerepak: For the total corporation.
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah. For the total corporation that is not just the segment. Look, we knew this was coming. I can tell you that the feedback that we get in terms of orders in the pipeline is very encouraging. I think that we are very conservative of how we recognize bookings in that particular segment, but we're talking about two million euro – dollar pieces of equipment. So we wait until we have letters of credits in place and a variety of other things before we put them into backlog. I would expect that, we'll book a decent portion of that in Q3. But I can tell you that, we've already begun to ship in Q3 in that particular sector. So we're – that's why we're confident in terms of the bulk of margin impact on the segment in the second half. As it relates to MI in total, MI had a very good Q1. It was slightly slower in Q2 largely driven by Asia. They had another very good month another good month or quarter in Europe. Our full year expectations is for growth to come back modestly in MI, but margin accretion to be robust in the second half.
Jeffrey Sprague: And as a second question, if I could. Just on Refrigeration. So your comment about recent customer wins sounds like it's a food comment not a refrigeration comment just to clarify that. But – 
Richard J. Tobin: That's a refrigeration comment, but go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: So that is a refrigeration comment. So could you elaborate a little bit on that? And I guess the comment about struggling with the volume ramp-up, right? Your orders don't suggest there's a strong volume ramp-up, but obviously you're in kind of a seasonal period. Is that what you're suggesting just kind of normal seasonality there's a little bit of struggle? Or there's something else that – 
Richard J. Tobin: No. Look I think the way – what we have is – we have to separate this segment into its component parts, right? So let's put heat exchangers to the side for a moment. What we're saying is on the systems business of refrigeration that's been slow. So that is disproportionate amount of the decline in the bookings. The bookings on case and door on the other hand are up significantly and our production has ramped up significantly in case and door. Unfortunately, during the quarter that is – because of the labor intensity of that product line, a significant volume ramp comes at some cost that quite frankly we struggled with and coupled with that we had a supplier that went belly up in the middle of the transition. So I think overall it cost us approximately $4 million to $5 million in the quarter kind of let's call that frictional costs with the ramp-up. We will do better going forward from here. But at the end of the day, I think that, we're pleased with our ability to compete in the marketplace. We're pleased that the order volume is ramping in door and case. So retail refrigeration is actually moving up right now, but it's absolutely clear in order to change the profitability aspect of this business, we've got to get this automation complete. So we're kind of keeping two balls in the air where we're gaining market share in door and case. We like the way the business is moving. It's going to come at some cost, so we don't have a lot of significant margin accretion associated with that. We'll get some absolute profit increase on the volume. But the margin accretion, I think until we change how we run this business in terms of SKU management and commonality of component parts that's really what's going to trigger.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Richard J. Tobin: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Richard J. Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Good execution in kind of an uncertain environment. On the product ID side, you mentioned bookings were down in Asia. Are you seeing anything in kind of the machine builder channel that is a bit more choppy than expected given that, there's a lot of cross-border kind of activity for those guys the small machine builders in the U.S. and Europe that are kind of selling into there that your products may kind of go along the same line with?
Richard J. Tobin: Steve, I don't know that question. I'd have to go back to the guys and we'd have to see the segmentation of the individual markets that they sell into.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Richard J. Tobin: I just think that overall...
Steve Tusa: Would that still be a digital printing issue in Asia for that segment? Or was that seem to be more of a core – a common and kind of core MI into Asia?
Richard Tobin: Yeah, it's more of a core MI into Asia. On the digital printing side in our particular space, which is at the top end of the market, the demand it looks very proactive for the next several years just in terms of the proportionality of -- versus ticket price of those machines. I think that's a timing issue. And as I mentioned before that's a business that we expect to grow revenues by double digits for the full year. So that side we're confident on as long as we can get the letters of credits and everything all lined up based on what we think the backlog is going to be. On the MI side it was a little bit choppy. So I don't think that -- I think that China was down 1% and I think that India was down a couple percentage points during the quarter. I think that that is a reflection of what's going on in China but I don't have any real color on the segmentation of their customers at MI in China. I'd have to get that.
Steve Tusa: Okay. No problem. You're plenty busy so don't worry about it. On the price cost, the refrigeration business, which I would have thought needed to get a little more price to kind of offset the material inflation or tariff impacts you didn't get price in that segment. Was that kind of where you probably saw the biggest headwind from price cost? Or do you not really have a headwind from price cost this quarter?
Richard Tobin: I'd have to go and disaggregate it, but I think on retail refrigeration it's probably neutral. Not counting the frictional cost because that's not -- that's cost self inflicted quite frankly. So I think we were probably neutral in retail refrigeration. I'd have to go take a look at the other segments. SWEP is a difficult one because it's euro-based, but it's got a lot of China exposures so we'd have to go get that sorted out with all their FX translation.
Steve Tusa: Sorry, to give you a long to-d-list. Thanks a lot.
Richard Tobin: Fair enough. No problem.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Andrew Obin of Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Just a question on free cash flow. I think you gave a fairly wide target for the year 8% to 12%. You seem to be running well ahead of last year. Where do you think you guys are going to come out within that range given the performance year-to-date? And other than CapEx any sort of big movements in working capital in the second half that we should be aware?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean I think that the working capital seasonality should hold, okay? So that's first and foremost. And then our target is to hit spot on in the middle of the range, which is exactly we did last year. We are running a little bit behind in CapEx versus our full year guidance, so I think that we're tracking probably to the lower end of the range on CapEx for the full year. But look that swing number versus the entire working capital changes, it's something but I don't think it's anything overall. At the end of the day it's what we said before. We can -- we're working on grinding down working capital as a percentage of revenue or increasing turns across the portfolio. But what's really going to swing it for us at the end of the day is what the second half growth rate looks like. If we reaccelerate in the second half of the year then the industrial inventory won't come down. If we don't then we would expect the same kind of liquidating, or liquidation profile that we showed you last year in Q4.
Andrew Obin: And just a follow-up question on operations just inefficiency at Refrigeration & Food Equipment on ramp-up. Any of it relating to restructuring and operational changes that you guys are making? And just if you can provide us broader color, you've now been at Dover for a while. How do you feel about the runway for cost takeout going forward and ability to execute? And I appreciate that you have not provided any specific targets for next year, but just to give us a broader update. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Sure. The margin target that we gave for retail refrigeration at September, holds. That requires us to intervene on the production footprint. And as we've said before, that process is underway. But this is not just basically installing some equipment and that changes the business. The business is working on a fundamental change of how they run the business particularly as it relates to SKU management, commonality of components and a variety of other things, which allows for automation in the future. I think that when we announced the investment that we were going to make, we said it's kind of going to be a little bit of a chicken and egg because at the time we were at the bottom of the market in terms of the demand function for door and case. And now that market is coming back and we're going to have to run the business in it’s more traditional labor intensive way until we get everything stood up. But we need to protect market share and we need to protect the amount of volume that we've got going into fundamentally changing the business. So at the end of the day, I'm not making any excuses for it. I think that we struggled with getting the available labor in the market with employment rates what they are. It's tough. And as I mentioned we had a supplier go belly up on us in the middle or the beginning of the quarter, which cost us some money. So I would expect that we improve over our performance in Q2 but really what's fundamentally going to change this business is changing basically how we manage our SKUs and how much labor content is in this process.
Andrew Obin: Thanks.
Richard Tobin: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from John Inch of Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: Good morning everybody.
Richard Tobin: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
John Inch: Rich and Brad, if you were to sort of -- we talked about Asia and parts of selective implications of detraction. How much would you say Asia detracted overall from the results? Maybe if you look at it sequentially or however you'd like to characterize it. Obviously not a big company in Asia but still helpful I think to put that into a jumbled bucket.
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that -- look I think that Brad mentioned in his comments what total translation impact was. So there's the FX component of Asia, which you can calculate right? So it's a percentage piece based on the geographic distribution out of the $7 million to $8 million of translation loss that we incurred in the quarter. So that's a piece. And then I think the quarter-over-quarter profit of MI is Asia-driven mostly, right? But I know that you can't see MI at end of the day, but you need to unpack it from the digital printing impact, but I gave you some color in terms of what that was.
Brad Cerepak: Right. And then you have the offsets from retail fueling having a really good quarter.
Richard J. Tobin: Yeah.
Brad Cerepak: And continuing to have a good quarter in China. So if you pull all that together not having the exact data in front of me, I would say China down slightly in the revs, but earnings still remains positive for us.
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. I mean, SWEP was $4 million, so somewhere between $4 million and $8 million probably in the quarter.
John Inch: Okay. That's helpful. Rich, at the EPG, you alluded to the fact that you thought Dover might be perhaps one of the very few companies to benefit from these List three tariffs. Could you -- is there any way to expand a little bit on that? I got a few questions on that. Where exactly would that be benefiting you? And do you think that's sustainable with some market share opportunities? Like, how exactly is this playing out?
Richard J. Tobin: Well, I mean, I think it's benefit just because of our participation in the markets with our critical components that our price cost versus tariffs has been positive, number one. Number two, you can read in the paper every day about people readdressing the supply chains and we are the beneficiary of that just because we're a component supplier that's levered largely to North American production. Conversely at the end of the day, I'm not -- I don't want to take this as a conflict I'm positive on tariffs. I think that it's just been -- we've been positioned appropriately, just because of the nature of our business so far. But to the extent that those tariffs cause a significant slowdown in Asia then as you can see from the results that we have here, then ultimately it becomes a little bit of a negative on our revenue streams in Asia. But on the North American side of the business, it had been positive both from a price realization point of view and a volume point of view.
John Inch: Maybe just lastly, Fluids obviously put up another very strong broad-based quarter. I guess we can sort of think about things like biopharma doing well on a sustained basis. But maybe you can just talk to your conviction in the portfolio, which I realize has got some niche elements to it. The portfolio overall in Fluids being able to kind of ex compares still put up a cadence of robust growth against the backdrop of a global softening. How should we think about this do you think?
Richard J. Tobin: Look. I mean, it is a collection of businesses and there's a variety of things going on, right? We've got a high-growth business that's sitting in with biopharma that's growing in high teens, let's call it and it has been for some period of time. So you've got a high growth and high margin, so you've got that portion of the portfolio. We think that we have a pumps franchise that is able to compete both macro growth and from a competitive point of view. So there is an element of share gain, despite the fact that those -- trying to calculate share gain in a very dispersed business is difficult. We believe that we're winning in the marketplace in that particular side. And on the Fluids side of the business, we've got a best-in-class underground franchise that is driven by regulatory growth and I would say that we're probably gaining market share. There also and most importantly as we had highlighted last year, I think that our aboveground business improved margins -- comparable margins by 400 basis points quarter-to-quarter. So basically, we are on track to meet what we said by exit this year. So you've got a high-growth element and then you've got some niche franchises. We are winning in the marketplace and you've got one big piece of the business that is improving their margins dramatically.
John Inch: And is there a runway of deals to do in this space Rich that would meet your returns criteria and pricing and so forth?
Richard J. Tobin: I hope so.
John Inch: I guess, I'll hear more in September. Thank you very much. Appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, you mentioned that EPG that DFS would probably reach the bottom of the 15% to 17% margin range for the year. But you just kind of answered John's question and you kind of said that DFS nothing's on track. Obviously, a very strong incremental in the quarter. Did something change? Is it just that they're starting to get their act together there? I mean, you did better all year, but you did make those comments on EPG.
Richard J. Tobin: Yes. Look I think that the range that we had for exit is 15% to 17%. I said, we were tracking towards the bottom. Can we beat it? Sure, we can. But let's walk through another quarter or so and see where we are. But I think that we're not out of the woods from a comp point of view before we get excited about the margin comparison, but I think the team is on it. And clearly, a 400 basis point accretion in the comparable quarter is great and it puts us on the trajectory to meet those exit numbers. The backlog is there, so it's supportive. At the end of the day that is a -- to me that is a midterm target for that particular business, because even at exit, when we comp it against the competition, we've got some room to go. But so far, so good and we're very pleased with the effort of that particular business to grind it out.
Andrew Kaplowitz: That's great. And then last quarter Rich in ESG in particular, you mentioned that you had decent visibility into the business in Q3, but you needed another quarter under your belt to see how the business would fare for the year. So how are you thinking about ESG bookings and revenue growth in particular for the second half of the year? And what kind of visibility do you have at this point?
Richard J. Tobin: Look we feel good about ESG for the year. So I think clearly that when we're looking for that business to slow down, we don't think it's going to this year. We're booked pretty much through the end of Q3. We're waiting on a few orders and backlogs. So hopefully by the time we do this again in another 90 days that the backlog will actually probably stay even to go up slightly, which would solidify the full year. We're very pleased with the growth that we're getting out of the software franchise, so we'd noted that. That particular piece of the business has grown 20%. And it's not margin accretive yet, because it's just on installs, but we expect the leverage on that to be significant going into 2020.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks guys.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Julian Mitchell of Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe a first question around capital deployment. There was no buyback spend in the first six months of the year, a couple of small acquisitions and you closed on All-Flo Pump. So, maybe give us some update on at least for this year specifically how you're thinking about capital deployment. I understand we'll hear about the medium term in eight weeks' time.
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean in general terms Julian it's basically what we said before all right? Our bias is for organic investment followed by inorganic investment going to capital return. I think that we've got a relatively robust pipeline on the inorganic side, so we'll keep our powder dry to see how that develops over the next few months. If we are unable to close on those, then we'll revisit the issue of capital return for sure.
Julian Mitchell: I see. So, if we don't see a big step-up in M&A, we can expect more buybacks by year-end?
Richard Tobin: At some point. I don't want to put a calendar on it. But at some point, we're not going to -- we have an expectation in terms of cash flow for the year. We're not going to sit on a significant pile of cash at negative carry for sure. We prefer to deploy it.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Thank you. And then my follow-up would be just looking at the aggregate profitability in Refrigeration & Food Equipment, should we expect the profits in that division to be flattish year-on-year for 2019 as a whole? Or does the -- is that just dependent on the Richmond site productivity efforts?
Richard Tobin: Our expectation is for revs and profits to be up year-over-year.
Julian Mitchell: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. We've touched on a lot already, but I do want to pick up on the last question from Julian. The growth in Refrigeration & Food, we've got a slight down organic in the first half of the year. Backlog is pretty flat. We burned backlog in 2Q modestly. What is the degree of conviction in the second half moving to sort of a 3% 4% organic growth rate?
Richard Tobin: Well, I mean look at the end of the day I think we moved the segment down by one point okay? I think that our conviction in food retail for growth is quite high. We actually missed from a calendarization point of view. In order of that we would've liked to have been able to book at the end of June, but can't book until you have the order at the end of the day.
Brad Cerepak: That's coming in now.
Richard Tobin: And so it's coming in now. So, again just to give you some color on bookings as we proceed into Q3, we're quite constructive there. For us it's the margin conversion issue in that particular segment. We've got some aspirations there. But as we said before, I think that we need to change the dynamic of that business in terms of working on SKU management and reducing the amount of labor content, but that -- the benefits of that don't come in until mid-2020. So, I think that overall we're pleased in terms of the demand dynamic for door and case. What's going on in the marketplace it's up to us to kind of maximize profitability out of it in the second half of the year.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. That's great color. And then maybe just characterize what you're hearing from kind of your field organization your channel partners. And the spirit of the question really is that some of the distributors in the U.S. have been talking about change in customer behavior through June towards the end of last quarter. And you alluded to kind of lower end of the CapEx for the full year. And I'm wondering if maybe you're pulling back a little bit or dialing back a little bit on investment spend in the back half of the year because I think that was more backend loaded in your plans. Any color on that would be great.
Richard Tobin: Yes, I'll start with the second and go back to the first. I think no we're not pulling back on CapEx. It's just -- as it always happens you've got aspirations to spend this money and then it takes time to actually deploy it because when you think about what we're doing with our new plant up in Minneapolis for CPC, by the time we work through getting building permits and a variety of other things, you're three months behind and then timing. So, I think that that capital will be deployed overall but I think it's probably -- a piece of it is going to slip into 2020 just because of capital timing at the end of the day. So, we're not pulling back on the aspirations. But -- and then again we did give a range and we're probably going to come out of the bottom of it now the way things look from a calendarization point of view. Well, with the amount -- with the different types of businesses that we have in the portfolio, you can imagine the plethora of mixed messaging that we get from the marketplace. I can just tell you as a general comment that the sentiment was more negative at the beginning of the quarter so -- than it was at the end of the quarter. We actually went through this issue that -- back in April that we were kind of worried a little bit about backlogs and a variety of other things and then we actually accelerated in the quarter in terms of both our own shipment performance and our backlog. So, it's a little bit of an odd situation that's going on out there in terms of what we're hearing from the marketplace and how that's developed into kind of our forecasting. I can just tell you that leaving the quarter based on; A, what's in our control and what we need to do to convert to get to the top end of the range if you look down at the squeeze, I think that we're in good shape.
Nigel Coe: That's -- you're right that's a very odd environment. Well, thanks for the color Rich and good luck. Thanks.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Scott Davis of Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning guys.
Richard Tobin: Hey Scott.
Scott Davis: I can't remember if you mentioned this at EPG or not but what were the return kind of hurdles that you crossed for this All-Flo Pump? Is it double-digit by year four or something like that? Or did you not mention that yet?
Richard Tobin: It's 10% by year three.
Scott Davis: 10% by year three. Okay. And then I have question. I covered your stock for a while and I don't know the answer to this. The environmental solutions business you mentioned software sales and I just can't recall what that is. Can you share your memory on what you're selling?
Richard J. Tobin: Dover made an acquisition a couple of years ago called 3rd Eye. That guy was principally there for doing driver safety, but it's managed now to expand what it sells around that camera technology that is quite interesting. And the adoption rate over the last six months had some major independent carriers have been excellent.
Scott Davis: Is that -- I mean, can you size that business? Is it big enough to move the needle?
Richard J. Tobin: I hope so in the future. I can just tell you that off a relatively -- let me think about it in the context of ESG. Yes, I mean, it's big enough to move the needle over time.
Scott Davis: Okay. And then just last question, just on portfolio and I imagine we'll get into this at Dover Day in mid-September, but are you reasonably happy with the portfolio you have now Rich? I mean, I know you've got some challenges in Refrigeration, but is this -- if we look out five years -- two years from now, is there likely to be further divestitures?
Richard J. Tobin: Well I don't want to get ahead of our big presentation in September. Nothing in the portfolio is destroying capital at its present. But five years from now, is the portfolio going to look different than it is today? The answer is yes.
Scott Davis: Okay. All right. We’ll see you in September. Thanks guys.
Richard J. Tobin: See you Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Mig Dobre of Baird.
Mig Dobre: Yes, thanks and good morning. Just want to go back to your comments from about two minutes ago on just trends through the quarter. I mean, I understand your comments on Asia and maybe portions of the business in there being a little bit weaker, but it seems to me that everything else is trending pretty well. So I guess against this theme, if you would of macroeconomic uncertainty, can you kind of help us understand if there is anything that slowed maybe through the quarter, where was it? And if things maybe held better than what you anticipated at a point in time in April for instance, where did you get a little bit of upside?
Richard J. Tobin: Well, I think in -- the entire Fluids segment is performing slightly better than we would expect it. I think on the topline and I think that we're pleased with the trajectory of the earnings for sure. We would have -- we did not expect the slowdown in heat exchangers demand during the second quarter, nor did we expect the FX. So, between those two, that probably cost us $7 million to $8 million in profit during the quarter. So those were unexpected. There's certain portions of the portfolio like the small exposure that we have to automotive OEM that we expected to slow and it did in fact slow during the quarter. But that we had modeled into our full year forecast at the end of last year in the first place. So, I think that we would have not forecast the frictional cost in Richmond due to the fact of labor unavailability and a supplier issue that we had. DDP as we've beaten that to death, we expected that in the quarter, so that's not a surprise. I think that the heat exchanger business and the FX translation is the two areas that when we take a look at what we had forecast at kind of the beginning of the quarter and versus the other quarter where we are. We would've liked to do better a little bit on the backlog. And as I mentioned before, we were -- we had a couple orders coming that we would've liked to get in June. I can tell you just as some further color on the DDP side, I mean we did that trade show and if you go back and look at my comments, I think that we're really pleased with the feedback that we have, but we didn't book anything in Q2 in DDP. So, to the extent that we can convert that interest into bookings in Q3, we would expect to see a good bounce back there.
Mig Dobre: All right. That's helpful. And then, maybe for my follow-up, I saw last night you announced the partnership with ABB for Dover Fueling. So, maybe you can give us some thoughts here as to what the revenue model might be, the growth opportunity, how do you see the retrofit of existing infrastructure? What's the game plan?
Richard J. Tobin: Well look, I can't monetize it for you right now. We just signed it yesterday. But in effect, we've always said that, we recognize the fact that EV chargers, there's going to be somewhat of a future on that. We can all debate what the size of that is. But, we've signed a Europe contract with ABB where we'd be purchasing chargers for resell into both our distribution and direct customer network and then we'd be moving to purchasing kits that would be incorporated into our dispenser factor over time and spare parts. So too early to start to say size and scale, but I think it was important that we develop partnerships because we're very attractive to manufacturers of charging stations because of the size and access that we have to distribution network and our OEM customers.
Mig Dobre: Do you -- last question. Do you foresee having the need to make any sort of changes to the way you operate or go to market or really anything in order to be able to capture on this opportunity? Or is it just with your install base for lack of a better term in terms of operation?
Richard J. Tobin: The latter.
Mig Dobre: All right. Thank you.
Richard J. Tobin: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: All right. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Richard Tobin: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey. Maybe just touching on the rightsizing benefits for a second. Obviously, you guys have executed well in that regard and I think we're -- you've had about a $0.30 benefit so far this year. It seems like we're probably going to be through most of it, I guess, as we get into 3Q. And so, as you kind of think about the composition of your guidance into the second half of the year, how are you thinking about the importance of getting a little bit better leverage out of your organic volumes in order to hit your guidance and what are kind of puts the takes there?
Richard Tobin: Yes. No, I got you. We knew that was a question. If you go back and look at my comments, we said that the margin conversion in Q2 is likely to be the lowest for Dover for the full year. So, if you go back and take a look at the side of the EPS impact of conversion, we would expect that conversion to go up in Q2 and -- I mean, Q3 and Q4 relative to Q2 and that the SG&A to slowly unwind. But I think that's all baked into what we believe that we need to do to reach the top end of our EPS guidance.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. I mean – I'm sorry. Go ahead, Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So, Rich is referring to the 21% on the chart. You see the 73% there with SG&A, but the 21% is going to improve in the back half.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. And the biggest drivers of that, if I'm hearing you guys correctly, is going to come in RF&E and then potentially with digital printing picking back up in E&S? Or are there other moving parts?
Richard Tobin: Well, I think, that we expect for -- clearly, for Engineering Systems driven by Printing & ID platform within Engineering Systems. I think that we're going to continue to have very good conversion in aboveground fueling systems on the margin side. And then, thirdly, it would be the RF&E, which, even when we continue to make strides in improving performance, is going to be dilutive to consolidated margins.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Yes, that makes sense. And then, maybe my quick follow-up here, I guess, just to make sure I understand the impact that ITMA had on the quarter, I think, you guys had roughly 50 basis points of growth to the whole portfolio, so, say, call it 100 to 150 on the actual segment. Is the right way to think about it then, call it, 2Q growth would've been more like 3% in the segment and maybe that's our starting point within expectation?
Brad Cerepak: It is higher than that.
Richard Tobin: Yes. We would have rounded up Joe. So -- but at the end of the day it would have been 3.5% or -- 
Brad Cerepak:  -- or 4%.
Richard Tobin: Or slightly in excess of 3.5% to 4%.
Brad Cerepak: Yes to 4%.
Joe Ritchie: All right. I was talking specifically about in Engineered Systems, right?
Brad Cerepak: Yes, that's what we were speaking about.
Richard Tobin: Yes.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. All right. Got it. And that's kind of like the starting point for 3Q and you guys would expect an improvement on that?
Richard Tobin: Yes.
Joe Ritchie: All right. That all -- 
Richard Tobin: Well, that would be kind of like the normalized in a business we expect to grow in excess of 10% for the full year.
Joe Ritchie: Got you. Okay. I think I got it. Thank you.
Richard Tobin: Good.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Richard Tobin: Hi.
Deane Dray: Hey, just want to follow up on that last comment on digital printing. The idea here is purchasing managers were out of pocket, so there was no ordering. But when you talk about normalizing, did you launch any new products at the trade show that would create some incremental demand? Or is it the same product line and just a catch-up on orders?
Richard Tobin: We did launch a product a Mini LaRio. And then we launched a couple of different software solutions and a bundling package of consumable products with a big printer. So we've launched a series of different things. But even if we had not launched anything, we would have had the same demand dynamic, because that's just the way -- the show only happens every four years. So everybody holds off until they see what's the latest launched products and what the pricing environment is and a variety of other things. But...
Brad Cerepak: And if I go back to what Rich said, the order take was very good at that show, but we're not showing them in our bookings until we get the credit lined up with our customer base. You can imagine, we ship those all over the globe and we're very conscious of being paid for what we ship. So we line that up first.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then, just a clarification on heat exchangers. That came up a number of times. The size of it, I think you said $4 million. But what do you attribute the slowdown or the falloff in demand? Was there any share loss? Is this trade uncertainty? But what would you point to there?
Richard Tobin: Yes. I always shy away of any of our businesses having -- being a macro driver. What I can tell you is that it was mostly China and it was mostly non-refrigeration product line or HVAC.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, non-HVAC.
Richard Tobin: Non-HVAC product line, so industrial applications.
Deane Dray: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Galiuk for closing remarks.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you. This concludes our conference call and we thank you for your interest in Dover and look forward to speaking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's second quarter 2019 Dover earnings conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Mr. Galiuk, please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and welcome to Dover's first quarter 2019 earnings call. We'll begin with comments from Rich and Brad and will then open the call for questions. This call will be available for playback through May 9th and the audio portion of this call will be archived in our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. While accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code 5806368. Dover provides non-GAAP information such as adjusted EPS results and guidance. Reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website dovercorporation.com. Our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties, we caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our from 10-K for a list of factor that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Also we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. With that, I'd like to turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andrey. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us to this morning's conference call. Let's gets started on Slide 3. Q1 organic revenue was up 8.3% for the quarter, driven by very strong performance in our fluid segment, solid trading conditions in engineering systems, and modern improvement in Refrigeration & Food Equipment markets with food retail business, posting top line growth for the first time in six quarters. Adjusted segment earnings increased 24% to $251 million, 230 basis point improvement over the comparable period driven by cost cash and carry forward, good performance on price realization versus input costs headwinds and volume leverage across the portfolio. Adjusted Q1 earnings were up 29% to $182 million and adjusted EPS of $1.24 per share was up 38%. Discrete tasks items added $0.06 of favorable EPS impact. As announced, we completed the divestiture of Finder pump manufacturer, serving the upstream oil and gas industry. This asset is still reflected in our Q1 results and we recorded a loss on sale of $47 million, which reflects the write-off of intangible assets and the elimination of accumulative foreign exchange translation adjustment or CTA as required by accounting standards. Overall, we're pleased to get off to a good start in 2019. Demand remains robust across much of the portfolio. We are delivering on our cost programs, incremental margins on volumes for the most part solid, and we are pleased with the bookings increased in Refrigeration & Food Equipment segment. There remains much to do to deliver on our full year objectives, but it's encouraging to get out of the blocks with positive momentum. And I'll hand it over from Brad from here.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Rich. Good morning everyone. Let's go through the details starting on Slide 4. Revenue grew 5% to $1.7 billion and as mentioned, it was driven by strong demand in Engineered Systems and Fluids and improvement in Refrigeration. GAAP EPS increased 3% to $0.72. Moving to non-GAAP results. As mentioned, adjusted EPS, adjusted EBIT and margin all increased substantially, reflecting solid margin conversion on growth and cost actions. Adjusted segment EBITDA was $317 million or 18.4%. Key adjustments for non-GAAP results this quarter were acquisition-related amortization, loss on assets held for sale related to Finder and restructuring and other expenses. The EPS increase was supported by $0.06 or $8.4 million of discrete tax benefits versus $0.03 in the first quarter of the prior year. Turning to Slide 5. Let's get into a little more detail on our revenue and bookings results in the quarter. As mentioned in our summary, organic growth was strong at 8.3% with all three segments seen positive organic top line momentum. The impact from FX was a 3.4% headwind. From a segment perspective, Engineered Systems grew $39 million or approximately 6% organically and Fluids grew $95 million or 15% organically on broad-based activity across both segments. Refrigeration & Food Equipments revenue increased $2 million which represents 0.7% organic growth. Organic bookings were essentially flat year-over-year. All-in bookings declined $42 million or 2% versus the first quarter of the prior year primarily due to FX headwinds. Backlog increased 5% compared to the end of Q4, most notably in Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Organic bookings for Engineered Systems declined $33 million or approximately 4% driven by expected reduction in new order inflow in our industrial businesses, particularly, environmental solutions group, which had a large backlog increase last quarter. Organic bookings in Fluids increased $29 million or 4% with strong order activity in pumps and process solutions, while retail fueling and transport continue to work through the backlog from last year. Bookings in Refrigeration & Food Equipment grew $6 million organically. Rich will provide additional color on performance in some of the individual businesses later. Finally, overall book-to-bill finished at 1.03, reflecting healthy orders across our segments. From a geographic perspective, the U.S. our largest market grew 7% organically where we saw a strong growth in Engineered Systems and Fluids. Europe was up 14% organically with strong performance across all segments and Asia was up 5%. Within Asia, China grew 1% organically driven by growth in our Fluid segment offset by a slight decline in Engineered System. The rest of Asia, which represents a revenue base about the size of China for us, grew at 9% primarily driven by Fluids. Let's go to the earnings bridge on Slide 6. Starting on the top. Engineered Systems adjusted segment EBITDA improved 19 million, largely driven by strong conversion on broad based revenue growth across the segment, more than offsetting headwinds from FX. Fluids EBITDA growth of 32 million reflects a combination of robust growth continued margin improvement in retail fueling as well as strong conversion on volume and other businesses. The 3 million decline at Refrigeration & Food Equipment reflects lower volume in Belvac as well as unfavorable shift in business mix. Additionally, our broad base rightsizing initiatives have been delivering savings as expected and improved margins across all segments. Going to the bottom chart, adjusted earnings from continuing operations improved 41 million or 29%, primarily driven by higher segment earnings offset by higher taxes. Interest expense was lower in the quarter. Now going to Slide 7. Free cash flow for the quarter was a reasonably expected negative 13 million, which is an improvement over last year. The first quarter is traditionally our lowest cash flow quarter. In the quarter, strong top line growth was supported by working capital investment of 138 million, with over two-thirds of the year-over-year change, driven by increased accounts receivable. Capital expenditures was 37 million. With that, I'll hand it back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: All right, thanks Brad. I'm on Slide 9. Engineered Systems had a solid broad base quarter with top line organic growth of 5.8%. Incremental margin conversion in the quarter was very strong driven by volume leverage, productivity improvements and cost actions. Our Printing & ID business delivered strong organic growth with double-digit growth in digital printing. Despite the weak GD prints in Europe, demand in the region is robust during the quarter for this platform. The industrial platform performed well with most businesses posting mid-to high-single-digit growth rates. Our ESG business continued to deliver strong growth on unit delivers. But more importantly, we're very pleased with the traction the business is getting in assistance and software products. TWG and MPG contributed mid single digit growth and margin expansion supported by constructed demands in the respective end markets. Trading conditions in our vehicle services industrial clamps businesses are more challenging largely as a result of input cost headwinds and exposure towards European markets. Going into Q2 bookings for Engineering Systems remain solid. The segment posted book-to-bill above one. In Fluids, the segment posted organic growth of 15% for the quarter with the majority of the portfolio posting double-digit growth rates. Incremental margin was 43%. As volume leverage, increased productivity and cost controls more than offset the impact of unfavorable product and geographic mix and inflation. Our pumps and process solutions business had an excellent quarter with organic growth rate of 10%. Volume conversion was significantly accretive to platform margins as a result of good price and productivity versus cost ratio and improved mix of products and services delivered. Fueling and transport posted exceptional top line growth of 20% as demand remained robust and production performance in our operations gained traction. Margin conversion on volume was improved quarter-to-quarter and we expect that trend to continue to the balance of the year as we track towards meeting our margin objectives that we had targeted in September. Moving onto Refrigeration & Food Equipment, organic revenue was up 1%, improved bookings in the fourth quarter translated into Q1 organic revenue growth of 1.9% in food retail, which was the first positive revenue rating in the last six quarters. Quotation and booking activity in food and retail remain constructive with the book-to-bill of 1.15, particularly in core refrigerated case product line and was in line with expectations in the first quarter. Unified Brands faced slower demand at the beginning of the year in the institutional market, but the environment has been progressively improving and the business has posted single digit growth in Q1. Margin performance for quarter was negatively impacted by volume at Belvac customer mix translation from SWEP and transitory product redesign cost in the food retail as we prepare for a large automation project. If current trends continue, we remain cautiously optimistic for improved revenue performance in 2019 for the segment in line with the expectations we've included in our annual guidance. On Slide 12 reconciles the key components of the comparable 38% increase in adjusted EPS. As we have forecasted, key contributors are delivering on a cost program and margin conversion on growth and to a lesser extent, it's rebasing our share count and tax benefits. As we noted, we've indicated the discrete tax impact on the EPS and consider our -- that'll put us at the low end of our ETR, our expected tax rate for the full year. Reflecting solid demand conditions that we see in the markets, we have increased our organic growth guidance by 1% in Fluids and Engineering Systems, and reiterate our prior guidance for Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Despite the negative 300 basis points foreign exchange translation headwinds to revenue in the first quarter, our full year estimate is 100 to 200 basis points. Dover has delivered on the solid start for the year which allows us to reiterate our full year guidance of $5.65 to $5.85 per share. To wrap up, Dover is maintaining solid momentum as it represented by our Q1 organic growth rate, solid bookings and backlogs across most of our portfolio, and margin expansion driven by volume, productivity and cost initiatives. We continue delivering on our commitments for improved performance, reinvestment in our growth platforms and disciplined portfolio management and capital deployment. With that, let's moving on to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin: One of the questions we've been getting from investors this morning is that. Very nice beat in Q1. You've raised organic growth number for the year. Yet you kept the EPS. What are the headwinds do you have more concerns about second half, just if you could give us more color about the modeling process here for 2019?
Richard Tobin: Alright, couple of things. We're clearly tracking towards the top end of the range at this point. I think that we're pleased with Q1's results. And it's always off to get -- it's always good to get off to a good start because we don't want to be in a position of chasing a comparative fourth quarter that we had last year. So to the extent that we're getting in front and we're in front last year because of the fact of production performance and DFS by our ability to a couple of things. If you look at the backlogs, there's some concern about the backlog is going down. But I would tell you that in ESG that particular business grew by 11% in the first quarter. So the conversion and the availability of our chassis was there, so we're able to convert on the revenue side and then you've got the backlog is going down in engineering systems, but we don't find that problematic because order covers in that particular segment goes well into the third quarter. In DFS, as you know, we've been struggling in terms of output. We had a high backlog exit of Q4. Production performance in DFS was excellent. So, it's another business that grew in the high, grew 17% in the first quarter. So, backlogs are going to come down because of production performance. I think the good news on the ESG conversion was the margin conversion rate was satisfactory. I think that we have work to do because we would have expected for the more, the accretive margins and DFS to be higher. I think we've got a plan to track that through the balance of the year. So overall, it's not a question of us being overly concerned about the metrics of backlogs. It's just purely a question of. We've got range -- we've got a range up to 585 a share. We're tracking towards that. We'd like to get another quarter under our belts so we get some visibility into Q4. And I'm sure we'll give an update at that point.
Andrew Obin: And just a follow-up question, how has your thinking, your stock is up, everybody else stock is up. How do you think about cash in 2019 and within your previous range? And also how do you think about cash deployments in 2019? And has your thinking evolved given that the world is changing?
Richard Tobin: We don't necessarily make decisions on share place as it relates to cash deployment. I think that we've clearly got a bias for inorganic growth and we've got some things in the pipeline. So to the extent that we can use our available cash, there we will. If we are unable to find inorganic opportunities then clearly we would average in terms of share buyback. So, overall, I think our thinking is consistent on that matter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: In terms of I guess the Refrigeration & Food Equipment business, margins slightly down there despite the encouraging organic top line performance. How should we think about margins in that division for the year as a whole? And how quickly should we expect those margins to start to grow year-on-year when looking at the balance of 2019?
Julian Mitchell: Okay, Julian. Well, it's moving parts here, right? So part of the margin decline is on translation from our SWEP business, which is levered mostly towards Europe and Asia. So, you've got some translations decline there. Belvac, I think that we went through that in some details end of Q4. We said as part of our guidance for 2019 that we didn't have a lot of visibility for Belvac of the comps in the first half of the year. We're probably going to be poor and we'll see what happens in the second half of the year. That view is not changed. So that is dilutive to comparable margins year-over-year. The Refrigeration business, it's a bit of a tale of two cities. We're happy with the volume being up modestly. So that's going to be helpful to us, but we are doing a lot of work on that business in preparation for a large capital project that we're going to be initiating this year. So, we had some transitory cost on product redesign to allow that transition to happen. I think that we're well beyond that. So, we're thinking that we're probably going to get margin accretion going forward in the refrigeration platform.
Julian Mitchell: And then secondly, when we're thinking about Fluids business, you did take up the organic growth guide slightly. You've got a very tough comp in the fourth quarter coming up. Maybe just talk about how you see fueling and transport playing out over the balance of the year in that context? And any updated thoughts around the EMV build out within the U.S. specifically?
Richard Tobin: Sure. Well, I think you put your finger on it to a certain extent. We have a tough comp coming in Q4 and we have a lot of visibility into Q4. So depending on how this business develops and how EMV develops over the year, there is an opportunity for us to raise our revenue in that particular segment but we like to see some visibility there and be cautious only because the math works against us in Q4. Comments on EMV, the only thing that's been different for us so far is, we're shipping more full dispensary units than kits. So, we're getting more revenue, but that's actually dilutive to margins. So, we'll take it as it comes. I don't think the total value is about where we'd expected it to be, but I think that the mix that value is slightly different.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz of Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, Europe up 14%, I think it was up 10% last quarter. You mentioned the strength in marking and coding, digital printing in particular. How are you able to maintain the stable momentum despite the weaker backdrop? Is it just really led by stricter regulation? And from what you could tell does the growth seems sustainable here?
Richard Tobin: Yes, look, I mean, that's why I put it in the prepared remarks because that's the way that we look it here too. We're getting weak GDP prints out of Europe and we're taking that into account of our own forecast. But I think we'll just need to recognize that Europe is levered towards auto and machinery, and those markets are under pressure. And that necessarily is linked in any way to marking and coding. So, to a certain extent, marking and coding is not part of the process that's giving kind of pressure to European GDP prints. Look, we'll take it where we, as long as we can get it. It ends up being a business like digital printing. All of its revenue is European, but despite the fact that shifts globally. So, it ends up being recognized as European revenue. So, it's a bit of a misnomer to a certain extent.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay, let me ask you the opposite question then around China. It seems like China has been decelerating to your little, Fluids up, Engineered Systems down. Can you give us some more color on marking and coding in China? Is there anything concerning going on there? I mean, do you still expect China to be up for the year for Dover on the strength in Fluids?
Richard Tobin: Look, the environment is clearly slowed. We are up when it was a 1% for the quarter. Right now, I would expect it to be up for the year in consolidation whether it's slightly down in certain segments and slightly up in other. It's hard to say right now because we're working at 100 basis points. But overall, we would expect it to be up for the year. I don't really have a view on Printing & ID at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: Rich, on the automation project in Refrigeration in particular. Is this something you're going live on now as we speak, I think you said the preparation is behind you? And I'm just wondering about kind of managing through that on kind of a peak season as it were for Refrigeration?
Richard Tobin: Yes, we're not going to become operational until Q1 of '20. What we're doing now is intervening on the configuration of the product itself to accommodate that change. So, which is part of the question on we've incurred some costs to allow for that transition. In terms of, if the volume goes up, are we going to get caught with our pants down to a certain extent? I think that we're lucky that we have adequate footprints to initiate this project, not at the same -- in the same physical location that we make the product at this time. So, we're reasonably comfortable that we're going to be able to accommodate any shift in demand during '19, if it comes, that we're not going to get caught sideways here.
Jeffrey Sprague: Right, and on the factory issues in fueling. Are those completely behind you at this point? Or are there still some -- you're always going to be looking for efficiencies, but kind of the big obvious problems are those largely fixed now?
Richard Tobin: Well, I think that the management deserves a lot of credit in terms of being able to get the throughput out. So part of the reason that the revenue was higher than we had forecasted into one is that we were being cautious in our ability to get the throughput out of those two main principle factories and they got them out. So, that's the good news. The not so good news is. The margin conversion on that volume is not entirely satisfactory. I think that we've got a plan to increase margins throughout the rest of the year. But look, we're able to get the units out and that's important. Now, we need to kind of grind down on efficiency on top of that volume leverage.
Jeffrey Sprague: Just one last one from me. In terms of like cleaning out the closet from an asset standpoint, I mean, the Finder was a particularly bad deal legacy item obviously. But is there much more that that you're kind of breaking through kind of the smaller assets?
Richard Tobin: Nothing, that looks like Finder.
Operator: Your question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Good execution so far. On kind of the free cash flow, actually better than last year seasonally. How do we -- how should we kind of think about the seasonality of that free cash relative to prior years with everything that's going on? Should it be kind of roughly in line with what would what happened last year? Just kind of wanted to get some color on how 2Q and 3Q we're going to play out.
Richard Tobin: One would hope that we don't wait till Q4 to get it all like last year and we're kind of progressively -- look, if I look at Q1, the inventory change relative to last year is lot smaller. So, which is a reflection of our ability to convert and I just answer the question about what we are doing in DFS and ESG. So, that's a function of not having industrial inventory because our conversion rates are going up. That I would expect, should improve through the year. On the receivables balance side, I guess it's a question of what do we think about revenues for the year and what do we think about fourth quarter? Right now, I like where we are right now with the strong Q1. I would have -- the fear around here was to kind of get through it and have to have and be forced into a position to get to the top end of our guidance of having another massive Q4. Now, we've brought some room there, so we've got an opportunity to look at how demand and backlogs developed over the year. Quite frankly if we get caught out a little bit on receivables because our volumes way up, I'll take the tradeoff between earnings and receivables. But I think that the core improvement that we can expect here is on the inventory side.
Charles Tusa: And then just looking back to the fourth quarter and the strong orders. Is there anything -- any kind of pre-buy dynamics that you noticed there based on the tariffs and price increases just broadly?
Richard Tobin: Yes, it's really hard to say. I think there is probably a little bit of an element of that because we've been trying to get price. So, as we're announcing price increases that drives let's get in front of that to a certain extent. In DFS in particular, I think it's no -- we've been pretty forthright that we were having issues about getting the throughput out of our factories, so that was building up a backlog for us. And that's a lot of what cleared in Q1. So that kind of normalizes backlog, if you will. It's hard to say, I mean I think by the end of this next quarter, we're probably have a really clear idea of where we are. But right now, we're never comfortable, but we feel good about the backlogs that we have across the portfolio.
Charles Tusa: Okay, one last one on EMV. Any update on kind of the trajectory there accelerating, decelerating the back part of the year? Any updates on the EMV transition?
Richard Tobin: As you listened to the comment before about dispensers versus kits, it looks like it's decelerating, because the last guys in are going to be kit-only and kind of our kit-only shipments right now are relatively low. So, it seems to be stretching out further.
Charles Tusa: So, you're already kind of seeing deceleration, but it's a -- like you said before, it's kind of an elongated cycle. So, that's pretty different than what I think was the original assumption six months ago, which was very strong kind of '19 and then drop off, right?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think, but you've got -- it's a mix in revenue question. Right now, revenue looks great because we're doing the entire systems right.
Charles Tusa: Yes.
Richard Tobin: The margins around the kits and I think it's pretty intuitive, it says the last guys in aren't going to do a complete referb, they're just going to do the kits. So, I think that in our estimates and it's a funny one right, because the revenues less and the margins up. So, it's accretive to margins but dilutive to trajectory and revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Rich, I was hoping you could give us the update progress report Phase 1, Phase 2, and then on the benefits we see they're lumped into corporate. How will they be spread over the segments for this quarter?
Richard Tobin: Okay, I think, I understood the first question. I'm going to need some clarification on the second one. Where we are and you're talking about footprint?
Deane Dray: Yes, right.
Richard Tobin: We are -- look, what we've announced, let's consider that Phase 1. Phase 2, we need to deploy some capital, which we're doing now in order to move onto that particular portion of it. So, we're in a little bit of a transition period. And I think if you go back and look at our disclosures from Q4 about how we called out the capital investments that we're making those words to accommodate for their actions into the future. Other than that, that's really all I can say until we're ready to call one of them off, but we're making reasonably good progress. But some of the bigger moves that we need to make require initial capital.
Deane Dray: So, the moves that you've made so far and the pay back on those, are we seeing that today in the results today? Because it looks like, it was all being carried in corporate as opposed to…
Richard Tobin: I know I've got your question. You don't see anything in Q1. That's why, that's not there. This is zero in Q1. It's come for the footprint.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, SG&A is there, if you were asking about the SG&A.
Richard Tobin: So, it's not like to move the footprint pennies into another block, it just zero.
Deane Dray: Got it. And what about SG&A then?
Richard Tobin: SG&A, about beating a dead horse, we're clearly on track in delivering the objective because of the fact that we started in the second half of the year. You're going to get real good comps in Q1, Q2, then it will dilute in the second half of the year.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mig Dobre of Baird.
Mig Dobre: Just want to go back to price cost, I think, I heard you mentioned good price cost in Fluids. Maybe have you comment on the other segments? And how do you think about this dynamic through the year? Your cost specifically, how do you think those are going to progress through the years?
Richard Tobin: I love it. We have Brad to correct me, but I think that in consolidation, we're slightly negative in price cost in Q1. We would expect to make progress on that through the year as price increases gain traction as we go throughout. In engineering systems specifically, we have done well on price cost. But in consolidation, it's slightly negative.
Mig Dobre: So, but you said that price cost was positive in Fluids as well. So was it a drag in basically the remaining segment here?
Richard Tobin: I think it's by platform. So, we're parsing now between individual platform was in the segments. I think the headwinds are in the industrial side, pieces of the industrial side of engineering systems, headwinds in refrigeration and food retail, doing this off the top of my head; and in fluids, I think that were positive overall.
Mig Dobre: And then lastly. As you think about the full year, do you expect to be positive from a price cost standpoint?
Richard Tobin: That's our expectation.
Mig Dobre: Okay, great. Thank you.
Brad Cerepak: It widens out a little bit to the back half.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Inch of Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: Hey, Rich, ESG, so it was a big slug of the organic. You said you have enough back log to work through the third quarter and you're excited, I guess you said about systems and software. Do you expect the bookings to pick backup again? Just I call it out. I realized it's a small business, but it was an outsized impact right to the booking trends this Q. So…
Richard Tobin: No, it's not that small of a business. Look, we don't have any visibility into Q4 at this point. So, despite grinding down some of the backlog that we had because of chassis availability and good production performance, the number like you know -- that's why it was called out in the presentation, it flexes the whole segment because of the total value of that business and its weight within the sector. We've got a really good backlog. I think that in any other year we'd to be super happy about what we've got. Let's get another quarter under our belt and we can probably say where we are for the full year, but we're into Q3 now which is pretty good.
John Inch: Yes. I'm just trying to understand. You're not expecting an extending air pocket in future bookings based on what's where…
Richard Tobin: I have no indication of that is going to happen.
Brad Cerepak: No reason to believe that.
John Inch: The SG&A stays for the year, I think $72 million. If I thought they we were going to be -- well, we just made an assumption maybe kind of linear, which suggested maybe $0.10 of benefit this Q, but it was 15. I don't want to split hairs, but did you pull some of that forward, which is not a bad problem to have or issue to have?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think that estimate, you know, I think that we knew from a comp point of view, it's going to be weighted towards the first half because we had 30 plus in the second half of last year. Getting it down to the millions of dollars, I mean we'll take it as it comes to a certain extent, right.
Brad Cerepak: But there is -- let me just articulate here that, there is a slight difference in presentation just so you aware. The $0.15 is pure SG&A, not reinvestment, whereas before we were netting reinvestment in there, so I'll just clarify. So, the 50 -- we have reinvestment in the first quarter. I'd call it roughly $0.02, $0.03 of reinvestment. Reinvestment will ramp as we said before in this year. So, we're not changing our views on reinvestment. But you're looking at $0.15 in the quarter, which is we take it $28 million. So, you've got to think about that as pre-reinvestment. That will track to the back half pretty solidly except then you get the year-over-year the impact. Remember, we did $8 million in the third quarter, $22 million in the fourth quarter. So, again, I think, we're right on track where we expect it to be, maybe even a little bit higher based on the first quarter $0.15 print.
John Inch: Yes. I was going to ask, did 72, has it changed? And it sounds like it maybe got up a little bit.
Richard Tobin: Yes, slightly a little bit better.
John Inch: Last question Rich. So selling Finder and we're working towards this portfolio, I guess, you're going to have a portfolio coming out partly in September. Can you talk a little bit about just your process? How you're working towards that? Like in other words, presumably there is got to be a lot of depth that occurred to then be able to say look, here is how I'm thinking about portfolio look done this clean up. But how do you go from sort of where you've been to where we're going to be able to talk that? Because I'm really curious how you're working through this?
Richard Tobin: It's a really long answer. We are looking at future projections and return on invested capital by operating company, right, and then where they're performance relative to their peers and then relative to the market structure. Clearly, Finder comes out like a bit of a sore thumb, so it needed to be action quickly. I don't think that there's anything in the remaining portion of our portfolio that's got remotely the same dynamics that that does. So, I mean, we're looking at it holistically meaning that, it's not a question of portfolio purity, it's purely a question of future returns by operating company relative to their participation in the market structure. That's how I got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: We covered a lot of ground already so just a few follow-up here. Obviously, great progress on the SG&A initiatives. I'm just curious Phase 2 is obviously more COG focused, but your SG&A is going to be relatively high compared to peers. I'm just wondering, if there's a Phase 2 in the SG&A beyond this year, Rich?
Richard Tobin: Look, nothing of the quantum that that we've done, right. But understand in the background, there's a lot of what we're doing about these digital initiatives that enhance our ability to consolidate back offices. So but those are longer running programs that were running in the background as opposed to kind of just core let's kind of revisit what we've got. So I think that there is opportunity, but I don't expect that there's a Phase 2 SG&A takeout kind of low hanging Fluids. I think we're just going to have to, it's more SG&A goes into the total productivity equation now as opposed to and standalone. And to be fair, SG&A at Dover as got R&D and I think once we split R&D out of SG&A, we're going to comp better also.
Nigel Coe: And then, there is a bit of friction around the 1Q setup for consensus, especially as it relates to the Fluids seasonality. So I'm just curious, if you've got any -- recognized you don't give quarterly guidance, but any commentary around 2Q in particular with regards to that how you see Fluids ramping up seasonally? And then maybe Refrigeration margins, how those look relative to the 1Q? Would you expect those to setup in a similar vein what we see normally?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean, I think that the two businesses we've identified, both have a good dynamic in terms of their top line, which is helpful to us improving the margins of those two segments. So, I think progressively through the year, we expect to make progress in both of those particular segments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Burzynski of Morgan Stanley.
Joshua Burzynski: I think to those the point of the last question we covered a lot of ground, but maybe just to stick with SG&A for a second. Rich, I think the initial progress there was pretty immediate, once you guys announced it. And I would imagine that, there were probably areas since then that you found maybe a bit more opportunity or perhaps on the other side where there was maybe some indiscriminate cuts. Should we see the shape of SG&A start to look a little different as you refine the program? Are you pretty satisfied with kind of the initial phasing? And how that went across the organization?
Richard Tobin: I'm satisfied with the organization's ability to undertake, which was a difficult exercise and the speed of which is done. It's never going to end, but this was a particular program that we thought was important to identify and execute on. Once we reach that program limit relative to the restructuring charges that we took, it can foresee that these EPS bridges won't have that SG&A, any other ancillary benefit will rollover into conversion at the end of the day. So at a certain point, we're just going to stop reporting on it once we've reached conclusion, because then it becomes relatively discrete and it's not part of a program, right. What we said back in September is, if we take a charge for it, we're going to report back on delivery for that charge. Once, we've beyond that phase, it's just going to go back into conversion.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: And then it's just a follow-up on Refrigeration. I guess similar to what you guys have talked about in Fluid. How should we think about the phasing of the year there? I think orders have been positive for a couple of years. You've built some nice backlog. Do we start to see revenue growth move closer and walk step with orders from here? Is there still going to be kind of another lag in that execution of those shipments?
Richard Tobin: I don't know is the answer to that. I think that we can see in the backlog, we can see that from a production point of view, we're doing a decent job in terms of getting into that backlog. Now, we're really not seeing it yet in terms of the margin conversion, but I think that we have some transitory costs. I'd prefer to wait till the end of Q2 to kind of get more granular, but we're -- it's a positive thing. For the first time in six quarters, the backlog is up and our revenue went up. I think that we've still got a lot of work to see what that means in terms of kind of pre-industrialization margin performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham of BMO Capital Markets.
Scott Graham: Obviously, a lot asked, so mine are piggybacks on maybe some clarifications. Is it possible Brad on the ES bookings the organic? If we were to pull out the ESG, what that number -- what that minus 32 would look like?
Brad Cerepak: When I think we can give you that is a follow-up, we haven't to calculate it. We can give you that one offline.
Scott Graham: Okay. Secondly, on price cost, I know there was a question asked earlier, but kind of where you stand today with some price, some commodity prices going down and your pricing in? Would you expect at December 31 to be on a full year basis price plus neutral or sort of at December 31, price plus neutral?
Brad Cerepak: I think that we will work our way there. We are slightly negative now. It is highly dependent on price realization. Our expectation is to be positive. I can't give you the quantum at the end of Q1.
Scott Graham: That's fair. Last question is related to the Refrigeration business. I know that there is only so much you can say about that, but all of your customers have set their budgets for '19. Is there anything there that they're telling you that is of concern, moving towards more digital spending? It doesn't sound like it or are you just maybe a little bit guarded on saying anything right now or are they seeing anything negative about spending on your product on merchandizing?
Brad Cerepak: No, not negative. I think which is reflective in the backlog. I just think that we're cautious on, they've got a 1% growth embedded in our forecasts would be like to take that off based on backlog. Yes, but I think there were cautious because we don't have a lot of visibility into the second half.
Operator: Our next question comes from line Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: So just focused on the Refrigeration business for a second and the full commentary around price cost, I saw that pricing this quarter was pretty de minimis and you guys put the recent price last year effectively. I'm just wondering like. Are you expecting to get more price in that business this year? And then specifically on margins, is your expectation at this point that margins in the business will be up year-over-year?
Richard Tobin: I think that we're cautious about price realization in this business and our expectation is from margins to increase in the Refrigeration segments of the business. In the segment, I think that we're going to have to wait and see because of Belvac's ability to swing margins.
Joe Ritchie: And then I guess just my one follow-up and just again, just kind of focused on margins for a second in the Fluids segment. Can you give us an update on Wayne specifically and how that businesses doing? And what impact at all that's having potentially to margins as we saw pretty much flat this past quarter?
Richard Tobin: Wayne, North America is doing very well in terms of production performance and margin.
Joe Ritchie: So, Wayne, North America, okay, international, not as good?
Richard Tobin: Right, I think that we've been pretty upfront that. Our -- the margin performance between our North American and European operations is quite wide. So part of the area of focus for us, meeting our objectives in that particular segment is to deal with a relative underperformance and in margins in Europe.
Joe Ritchie: Rich, are you starting to see any of that turn it all? Or is this like a longer process and just maybe any color around that would be helpful?
Richard Tobin: I think, to their credit that the European operations have fixed their throughput challenges. So, that's a big step and getting there, but we got a long way to go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charley Brady of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Charley Brady: On Refrigeration & Fluid Equipment on a transitory cost, can you quantify what the margin impact is on them in the quarter end? And if I heard you correctly, it sounds like those are essentially done, so that pressure isn't on the remainder of the year. Is that correct?
Richard Tobin: No, I can, but I won't quantify them. Our expectation is that their impact going forward will be less than it had been in Q1.
Charley Brady: And on the on the pumps business, obviously, pretty strong growth and bookings there. Can you just give a little more granular on we're seeing that? I think in the queue you talk about large in the OEMs, just what's driving that the strong growth in pumps?
Richard Tobin: It is across the platform. So, it's not any particular business out of the few that are in there. I think that it's just across the entire platform. I think that market demand remains robust and I think that that our businesses are winning in the marketplace also.
Charley Brady: Last one for me just on labor and freight costs. It is common what you're seeing their trend wise. Is freight getting any better? Are you seeing a tick down some of the rates? Or is it still tough sledding?
Richard Tobin: I think we would have expected it to come down, but it's been offset by fuel surcharges. Now, the fuel is gone back up to four bucks a gallon of diesel, so net neutral.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Galiuk for closing remarks.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you. This concludes our conference call. Thank you for your interest in Dover and look forward to speaking you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's first quarter 2019 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Andrey Galiuk, Vice President of Corporate Development and Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Andrey Galiuk. Mr. Galiuk, please go ahead, sir.
Andrey Galiuk: Thank you, Maria. Good morning and welcome to Dover's fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings call. We'll begin with comments from Rich and Brad and will then open the call for questions. This call will be available for playback through February '19 and the audio portion of this call will be archived in our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. While accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code 6883448. Dover provides non-GAAP information such as adjusted EBITDA results and guidance. Reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials, which are available on our website dovercorporation.com. Our comments today may contain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties, we caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our from 10-K for a list of factor that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Also we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. With that, I'd like to turn this call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks, Andrey, and good morning everyone from balmy Chicago. Let's gets started on Slide 3. Q4 again organic revenue growth was up 6.2% for the quarter and solid demand trends and engineering systems and at exceptionally strong performance in our fluid segment more than offset the continued weak demand environment in Refrigeration & Food Equipment particularly and can making equipment in Food Retail. Thus adjusted Q4 earnings were up 17% driven by top line growth, volume leverage and cost actions initiated in Q3. Adjusted EPS had $1.43 per share was up 25% inclusive of $0.08 of favorable impact from tax. As we discussed at the end of Q3, we had some heavy lifting to do to offset the Q4 forecast for trading environment in Refrigeration & Food Equipment. The organization made a determined effort to convert its backlogs crystallizes its cost-saving targets, and focus on cash conversion with good effect. Despite the excellent shipping performance through Q4 and many of our businesses bookings remained solid at the end of the quarter, posting a book-to-bill ratio above one, which were broad-based across the portfolio. Our SG&A rightsizing initiative is largely complete and during the quarter we began the first projects of our footprint rationalization plan, particularly with the three to one production sites rationalization in Unified Brands, which is underway. In Q4, we have taken our initial restructuring charge of $5 million as a result of the announced footprint consolidation efforts, which we forecast to deliver $4 million into 2019 an annualized run rate savings of $18 million. Finally, on the inorganic growth front, last Friday, we completed the acquisition of Belanger, a leading car wash equipment manufacturer, which we announced earlier in the month. Belanger meets all of the criteria for inorganic investment in terms of market attractiveness, execution profile and return on invested capital that we laid out at our analyst day in September. It's been a busy quarter for the Company, I’m pleased that were able to deliver solid top line growth and generate significant cash flow from operations while concurrently delivering on our productivity initiatives now since September. So that’s the balance of the opening comments. From here, I will pass it on to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let’s go through the details starting on Slide 4. As mentioned, our results for the quarter were driven by strong demand in Engineered Systems and Fluids, solid margin conversion on revenue growth and cost actions. Adjusted segment EBIT increased 9% to 285 million and adjusted margin was 15.7%, an increase of 80 basis points. This performance reflected strong growth in conversion in Engineered Systems and improved performance in Fluids, partially offset by lower volume in Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Adjusted segment EBITDA was 352 million. Adjusted earnings were 211 million in the quarter and adjusted diluted EPS was a $43, an increase of 25% over last year. The EPS increase was supported by share repurchases and a lower tax rate. Full year 2018 results followed the same narrative as the fourth quarter. Results were largely driven by strong growth across our Engineered Systems and Fluids segments partially offset by lower volume within our Refrigeration & Food Equipment segments. Adjusted full year 2018 segment EBIT increased 4% to just over 1 billion. Adjusted EBIT margin was 14.8%, an increase of 30 basis points driven by stronger conversion on revenue growth and by the impact of our margin improvement plan. The effective tax rate for the full year was 21.4% when normalized for discrete tax benefits, excluding the additional Tax Act regulatory guidance covered by SAB 118. Now turning to Slide 5. Let’s get into a little bit more detail on revenue and bookings results in the quarter. Fourth quarter revenue grew by 3.2% to 1.8 billion. Organic growth in the quarter was 6.2% despite headwinds in Refrigeration & Food Equipment. The impact from FX and dispositions added headwinds of about 2% and 1% respectively. From a segment perspective, Engineered Systems grew 30 million or 4.3% organically and Fluids grew a 118 million or 17.2% organically on broad-based activity across the segments. Delayed shipments and can-shaping equipment and weak retail refrigeration markets drove a 39 million or 10.2% organic decline in Refrigeration & Food Equipments revenue. The majority of which is due the expected year-over-year declines at Belvac. In the fourth quarter, our retail refrigeration business posted its lowest rate of revenue decline in 2018 at approximately 3%. Bookings increased 8% overall. Organic growth was strong at 10% contributing to an increase in backlog both over the third quarter of 2018 and the fourth quarter of 2017. Of note Engineered Systems and Fluids organic bookings grew 86 million and 54 million respectively reflecting broad-based market demand. Refrigeration & Food Equipment segments bookings grew 25 million organically and approved orders at retail refrigeration and exceeded revenue by 14 million in the quarter. From a geographic perspective, the U.S. our largest market grew 6% organically where broad-based growth in Engineered Systems and Fluids was partially offset by retail refrigeration, which is primarily a domestic business. Europe was up 10% organically with strong performance across all segments and Asia was flat. Within Asia, China grew 6% organically driven by strong growth in our food and segment. Finally book-to-bill finished at 1.02, reflecting strong orders across our segments including Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Let's go to the earnings bridge now on Slide 6. Starting on the top, Engineered Systems adjusted segment EBITDA improved 11 million, largely driven by solid conversion on broad-based revenue growth across the segments, more than offsetting headwinds from FX and dispositions. Fluids EBITDA growth of 32 million reflects a combination of robust growth better execution in retail fueling as well as strong conversion on volume in other businesses. The 22 million decline in refrigeration Food Equipment reflects lower volume and negative business mix particularly in our can making and retail refrigeration businesses. Additionally, our margin improvement plan began to deliver results with our SG&A initiative contributing 22 million of savings to Q4 results. Going to the bottom of the chart, adjusted earnings from continuing operations improved 31 million or 17%, primarily driven by higher segment earnings, lower interest and corporate costs, partially offset by higher taxes and increased earnings. Now on Slide 7, free cash flow for the quarter was seasonally strong posting our highest quarterly cash flow for the year despite the strong revenue impact resulting in higher year-end receivables. The fourth quarter is traditionally our highest cash flow quarter. Free cash flow for the year was 618 million or 8.8% of revenue within our guidance from our analyst day in September. Cash cost of 52 million associated with our restructuring initiatives negatively impacted cash flow in the year, excluding such non-recurring cash outlays, free cash flow was 9.6% of revenue Now let me turn back to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks Brad. Let’s go on to Slide 9, Engineered Systems had a solid broad-based quarter top line organic growth of 4.3%. Incremental margin conversion in the quarter was excellent, driven by favorable mix and cost actions largely in the printing and IT platform despite a more modest top line growth rate in Q4. The industrial platform perform well across the board as our CapEx levered businesses continue to operate in a constructive demand environment and all posting top line comparable revenue increases. Our ESG business continued to deliver strong results with a robust positive bookings trend building a runway to a solid forecasted performance for 2019. OKI, DESTACO and TWG all finish the year contributing solid single digit growth and margin expansion and microwave products delivered as expected in a robust military spending environment. Going into 2019 bookings for engineering systems remained solid. We expect the segment to contribute positively to both the top and bottom line despite the forecast is FX headwinds in our businesses that are material exposed to Europe predominantly marking margin digital printing and ESG. The Fluid segment posted organic grommets growth of 17% for the quarter with the majority of the portfolio posting double-digit comparable growth rates. Incremental was margin was solid for the quarter as volume leverage and cost controls were able to offset the impact of favorable product and geographic mix. Our pumps and process solutions businesses had an excellent quarter with incremental margin performance in MAG, Hydro and Precision Components in excess of 35% in the period as a result of volume leverage, mix pricing and cost control initiatives, outweighing input cost headwinds and tariff costs on imported components. Fueling and transport posted exceptional top line performance for the quarter, as demand remained robust and were able to clear the backlog that's been built a result of our facility consolidations and DFS and OPW. Margin conversion while improving sequentially is the largest opportunity performance improvement going into 2019, and we are targeting to progressively track to the margin objectives that we laid out in September through the year. Refrigeration & Food Equipment revenue decline in the fourth quarter with the segment organic revenue down 10%, we expected another difficult quarter at Belvac and in retail refrigeration results came in line with forecasts, margin performance in the quarter was negatively impacted by volume in refrigeration and mix at Belvac. The segment also incurred transitory costs associated with product rationalization programs in refrigeration and preparation for our automation efforts to be built out in 2019. Positively, retail refrigeration bookings were up for the first time in six quarter during the period as project activity has increased. As we presented in September, we've begun in earnest to address our footprint and productivity actions by starting in our Unified Brands business. As it is the clearest path to improving margins in the segments, we are in the planning and preparation phase for our automation and production consolidation programs and refrigeration and have committed 2019 capital spending to fund these projects. We're cautiously optimistic for improved revenue performance in 2019 for the segment based on our initial 2019 order backlog and retail refrigeration and according activity as you see in our full year guidance. So let’s move on to the guidance. Our full year guidance is made up of the following, 2% to 4% organic revenue growth, 2% to 3% total revenue growth positively impacted by acquisitions of 1% offset by foreign exchange of 2%. We expect the FX impact to be concentrated from the first half of the year. You can see the tax rate. I'm going to deal with CapEx on the following slide. The range and free cash flow conversion reflects the announced restructuring programs that there is a back-up slide on and adjusted EPS, EPS guidance of 565 to 585. Guidance does not include unannounced footprint actions to be taken in 2018. So let's go and take a look at the EPS bridge in the following slide. As a starting point for 2018, EPS is normalized for the full year discrete tax items as you can see at far left. Contributions for the 2019 EPS guidance were as follows. $0.39 from incremental SG&A rightsizing carried into 2019 as well as the impact for announced footprint actions. We have included supplemental slides in the backup for you to take a look at. $0.08 per share from the Belanger acquisitions, which we closed in January 25th, $0.19 to $0.39 of conversion of the revenue range and $0.15 from tax rate which is a negative as well as the share count reduction from 2018 repurchase program, it does not include any 2019 share repurchases leaving us to the EPS guidance. The last slide is moving on to capital expenditure. CapEx is forecasted to increase in 2019, approximately 30% to 40%, driven by several significant projects. 26 million greenfield plant will support the growth of our colder connector business, which has an outstanding year and it's a business that we have targeted for investment. The plant will become fully operational in 2020, and initial 15 million investment in automation and retail refrigeration to improve productivity and enable footprint consolidation, which is scheduled to come online progressively in the second half. Excluding these large structural investments, CapEx is in line with historical averages between 2 and 2.5 of revenue despite significant investment in our digital initiatives. To wrap-up, Dover enters 2019 with solid momentum as represented by our Q4 organic growth rates, solid order backlogs across most of the portfolio, and margin expansion potential driven them by volume and cost initiatives. We are delivering on our September commitments for cost alignment and reinvestment in the drilled platforms, which I've included in the supplemental schedules. We believe we are well-positioned to deliver solid top line growth and strong double-digit EPS accretion in 2019. Our guidance reflects a constructive demand environment, continued focus on margin improvement and rightsizing programs as well as disciplined deployment of capital underscored by the recent acquisition of Belanger. And that concludes the presentation and we will open to questions, Andrey.
Andrey Galiuk: Maria, we can open-up to the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. And the floor is now open for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Just curious, so CapEx going up quite a bit next year yet you are still guiding to kind of 8% to 12% of sales and free cash flow. Can you -- I know, there is some noise around restructuring this year and maybe obviously some working capital headwinds. Can you maybe just help us kind of bridge the gap there and the other moving parts outside the CapEx?
Richard Tobin: Sure, I think like Brad covered, we gave a, let's call it normalized cash flow for the cash impact of restructuring operations. So, maybe we're just under 10% for the year. And with the strong revenue growth in Q4, we had some amount of cash flow that was hung up in receivable. So, if you take a look at next year, the revenue growth is not at that same kind of momentum, so we would unwind that Q4 revenue through cash flow. And quite frankly, it's not as if we’re performing at 100% in terms of cash conversions. So I’m making up that 30 million to 40 million over the year, we've got the ability to do it. So, I don't think it's -- I know that we were forecasting to spend more for CapEx, we believe in the projects we’re doing it. But we don't think that, that spend on CapEx is negatively impact the cash flow target for 2019.
Steve Tusa: And then just quickly on product ID. I’m not sure if you've mentioned this in the prepared comments, but how orders there in the fourth quarter? And then, there was the smaller cap here to talk about some weakness in digital printing. I know you guys, digital printing is not, it's maybe not comparable across the board. Are you guys seeing anything there with regards to trends globally and demand for what’s been a pretty strong growth business?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I mean, look at digital printing in terms of its margin performance year-over-year did a fantastic job. But as you know, these are high dollar printers, so the revenue tends to be little bit lumpy. It is reflected in our book-to-bill in printing, and ID is not so much the Markem-Imaje piece, it's more just the lumpiness of the orders, but our expectation for digital print for 2019 is to increase revenue.
Brad Cerepak: I would just add that Markem-Imaje has been steady all year along at above one book-to-bill and so that business remains solid for us.
Steve Tusa: So I guess digital printing was the reason for kind of the weaker orders in the quarter, I think you said they were down?
Richard Tobin: Yes, it's just a lumpiness of when which will be allowing us.
Operator: We will move on to Andrew Obin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin: Just a question just to clear up sort of unannounced footprint consolidation, I assume its food refrigeration and automation actions related to it. Can you expound on that? Can you just explain to us what that is?
Richard Tobin: Necessarily, I mean, we're investing in retail refrigeration and automation that is going to progressively come online, so expand the capacity of the footprint in Richmond. So, it's not alluding to that necessarily. I mean that’s a project that is going to take more or less the whole year to get online.
Andrew Obin: And that's all we have announced in terms of food refrigeration right now.
Richard Tobin: The only thing we've announced in terms of -- that segment is the consolidation in United brands bringing the footprint from 3 to 1 which is underway.
Andrew Obin: And then the second question, just going back to cash flow this range of 8 to 12. Can you bracket what drives the range? And I remember at C&H cash was a big focus when you came in. How are you changing the systems inside Dover to achieve that better cash flow in the long run?
Richard Tobin: Dover's historical cash generation has not been pour by any stretch imagination. I think that what we did was wide in the range for cash generation, just to open-up business and recycling of the business, which is more revenue related and capital consumption from CapEx. So at the end of the day, if you take a look at what was generated for full year of '18, we came slightly below 10%, if we normalize for the cash cost of the restructuring actions. Despite the fact that having CapEx up a little bit, we're getting little bit penalized in Q4 because of the fact that the growth rate was so robust. So, you've got some amount of cash that's hung up in receivable. So, on one hand, we don't want to manage that cash number where to the extent that we are not taking orders and making deliveries because we prefer to have the operating profit quite frankly. So, what we -- the way that we look at it here and should look at here is, it's a self liquidating balance sheet, right. We accommodate the negative impact of higher revenues. We're taking the earnings and we've just got to get really good at cycling our receivables and working on our payments, so just kind of the working capital point of it. But on the other hand, it's not as if we can get quartered into 10% of revenue where we say wait a minute stop shipping, if you will.
Andrew Obin: That makes sense. The perception, I think, was that the Apergy business was a big cash generation and ex- Apergy I think was nice to see the cash is still very good.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: And just back to refrigeration, I mean I guess unannounced restructuring is not announced, but if the automation and refers increasing your capacity in Richmond, it certainly follows that we need to make some other moves at some point in that business I would think or you in fact see growth clearly picking-up where you are not as a situation or you have over capacity.
Richard Tobin: That demand levels that we forecasted for 2019, we will be over capacitized.
Jeffrey Sprague: And just thinking about these orders, Rich, in refrigeration you're seeing now is the pricing on orders such that you know you feel better decent on the margins trajectory and refrigeration over the course of 2019?
Richard Tobin: I'd like the pricing to be better is the honest answer, but we've modeled in kind exit pricing or current market conditions. One would hope, if demand was to accelerate in excess that what we've modeled in year that there would be some room for pricing. But right now, I think that we've got a pretty cautious view about demand and pricing for retail refrigeration in '19.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just one other one, it'd never occur to me that Unified Brands that have been that big of restructuring opportunity, but is this something that you get executed fairly quickly here in the first half? Or it's just thrown out over some period of time?
Richard Tobin: Don't look at the supplemental chart and say that's all unified brand, a piece of that is Unified Brands, but there's a variety of other smaller projects in there. Unified Brands tends to be the one we're using as example because the footprint consolidation is quite large and we started that in Q4 and it's pretty much going to take us through the first half of 2019 to complete.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz of Citibank.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Richard, at your analyst day, you mentioned that DFS was finalizing a path to 15% to 17% margin. You mentioned in your third quarter call, but you’re happy would DFS' exit margin rates. It does look like marginal overall influence is quite good. So how much has DFS already improved in margin? And has the improvement been faster than you expect?
Richard Tobin: The DFS margin in Q4 was slightly below the exit rate of Q3, but that was entirely driven by geographic mix. So, it's been sequentially getting better through 2018, and as I mentioned in my comments, one of the -- if you look the -- if you do the math on the incremental margin on the EPS bridge, you’re going to see at the lower end of the revenue side that it's pretty robust. A lot of that is the non-reoccurrences some of the issues that we dealt with in 2018. I think the margin targets that we showed in 2019 September are real and were going to be tracking progressively to realizing those margins through 2019 under current demand scenarios.
Andrew Kaplowitz: That’s helpful, Rich. And then maybe you can breakdown a little more the 17% growth in fluids? I mean you talked about strength in pumps and process solutions. The B&B impact in the core to pick up in the quarter and with the booking strength in the segment is it fair to say that there is relatively high confidence in the 3% to 4% growth forecast for 2019 given the back of that you have.
Richard Tobin: We like our exit growth rate and we like our book to Bill and that is reflected in what we’re expecting -- that we're putting out there for the guidance for the segment. As you know what we have what we can see is into Q2 at the present time. So, we feel good were we are despite a lot of negativity in terms of sentiment about the demand environment for everything going into 2019. So we feel good about the forecast that we have out there. In terms of the growth rates, the fastest growing portion was DFS or Fluids or the Fluids business of the other retail fueling. But have been said that, the balance the portfolio really grew well. We've commented before I think in Q2 and maybe to a lesser extent of Q3 on the MAG business which is very much project-related. That was a large contributor to the growth in the incremental margin also for the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just the question around the capital deployment, I think you've noted that the assumptions for 2019 on EPS not embedded much in the way of extra buyback or overseeing any unannounced M&A. So maybe update us on how you will see your capacity for capital deployment at least this year, even if you’re not giving us guidance on the buyback? And how you see the preference of acquisitions versus buybacks to use that capital?
Richard Tobin: Sure, well, I think in terms of the hierarchy, it's the same as we are presented in September that we've got a bias for organic investment because that's what the returns are highest. And really the biggest change year-over-year is what we’re doing in terms of organic investment, which has reflected in the CapEx slide. We just completed an acquisition or in inorganic investment in the car wash equipment business, we gave the criteria and what we're looking for in September in terms of margin expansion, execution risk and return on invested capital hurdles. That particular one meets all three so we feel quite good there. We've got a reasonably good pipeline that we're taking a look at right now. And the size of that pipeline in terms of scale of those opportunities are more or less around where that Belanger acquisition. So that's the kind of color, I can give you on whether well executed or not we use to say, but we're not going to sit on cash as we build up through the year.
Julian Mitchell: And then my second question would be going back to the fluids business, again, talk about any updated thoughts around the U.S. retail fueling build-out, not just the revenue assumptions maybe for this year and medium-term for that EMV aspect, but also I guess, how you are handling that in terms of working capital build, which was something you've mentioned once or twice from the prior earnings call?
Richard Tobin: I'll deal with the working capital one, and I'll let Brad take the EMV because of course we always have an EMV slide somewhere around here. Yes, on the working capital slide of DFS or retail fueling, I think we have the conversion on our order it was as very robust in Q4. So, we go into 2019 with not a lot of inventory, but we do have is the receivable balance from that strong growth. So in total working capital, we had highlighted the fact earlier in the year that we were going to build safety stock to accommodate what we thought was going to be a robust demand environment. We got it at the end of the day, but from a working capital point of view, if there is any negativity of growing, it's the fact that we hugging up on receivables, but I'll leave it to Brad to comment on what -- how we have been participated in Q4 and what our view on EMV is for 2019?
Brad Cerepak: Sure, Rich. When I speak about EMV, just a reminder, I'm not talking about dispensers that are EMV ready. It's really the component pieces and we see on track and track it very, very carefully. I would say second half of '18 including the fourth quarter was above '17. So, we came out of that air pocket in the first half. Sequentially, we go into '19 and we see growth sequentially and solid year-over-year growth in EMV. I would say DFS, our business leadership is really very, very confident in terms of how we see in our line of sight to EMV for 2018 based on discussions with our customers and specific projects. So, EMV is shaping up to be the year-over-year up into '19 sequentially improving throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: So, I just want to touch on the bookings in terms of the booking growth. Obviously, you went through a lot of detail in the slide, but I'm curious because number one, it's board based. And secondly, it's terms of going to be one of the best we see this quarter. So, is there anything difference about the investments you've made or the structure that you put in place that could explain the inflection orders? Or is it just one of the things?
Richard Tobin: I think that it's one of those things. I mean I think it's a reflection of the fact of the exit rate on the growth. I think it's a reflection on in certain businesses that lead times have gotten extended because of supply chain. I mean there is an overall view I think in the market because of strains of tariffs and a variety of things that, that people are getting worried at the performance of supply chains to a certain extent. So, they are getting in front a little bit of -- getting in line for what they believe that the need for 2019. So, overall, I don't think there is anything in there except for the fact that we've been on a pretty good -- our businesses have been a pretty with the exception refrigeration, being in a good place in terms of top line growth, and there is an overhang and worry about our supply chain getting extend in a variety of other things. And that's allowed us to go out and ping our customers and say, look if you really want first half deliveries you got to get in line.
Nigel Coe: And then just going back to Steve's question on free cash flow, the 8% to 12% is obviously a very wide range but $3 million of bandwidth on free cash flow. I understand the CapEx headwind, but is there anything else that's highly variable within your free cash builds cash restructuring et cetera? Maybe explain that why that wide range?
Richard Tobin: It would be growth at the end of the day. Our expectation is we would actually underperform when the top line is moving up aggressively, and we would over perform as the businesses liquidate the balance sheet or at the midpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mircea Dobre of Baird.
Mircea Dobre: Just going back to refrigeration here and I understand that you guys remain cautious into 2019 that business struggled a lot, but orders were finally decent maybe for the first time in almost two years. So I’m wondering, if there is something specific in the quarter of any customer, anything that happened will be discreet? Or is this marketed finally starting to turn around a little bit?
Richard Tobin: I think it's not any particular customer. It's broad-based since our traditional customers. I think overall it's just a reflection of capital investment in retail food as been low for quite a long period of time, and it's coming off easier and easier comps as regards to the cycle. So, we’re grateful for it. I think it's good for morale in the business, but we remain cautious and we like to just continually update it hopefully, quarter by quarter, if these kinds of trends hold.
Mircea Dobre: In terms of what you're hearing from your sales people, is it any particular vertical on? I mean is it dollars store? Or the big retailers and anything else you can say about demand?
Richard Tobin: I don’t want to get into individual customers, but its big box and all other.
Mircea Dobre: Lastly, on Belvac, anything you can talk about in terms of demand, and I presume that the comps getting a lot easier going forward. How do you think about that business in '19?
Richard Tobin: If we go back and look at Belvac's performance overtime, it's the lumpy. I think it's just become more material to the segment because of the fact that refrigeration shrunk so much. So, there is nothing particularly wrong with Belvac because it’s a CapEx driven business from the beverage side and it was just a bad year, a lot of projects got deferred in a variety of other things. So I think we've also got a cautious view. We're engaging with all of our customers where we'd like to see the backlog build sequentially and then will comment it over the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius Research.
Scott Davis: I don’t know much about this car wash equipment business, but maybe this would be a good opportunity late in the queue just for you guys to help educate us a little bit. I mean how many other opportunities out there -- are there out there to really roll it up? Is it already consolidated? Is it just help us understand really where you going with it?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I don’t know if I want to opine on kind of one of ours longer-term strategy. I mean just back up and saying that, that within the OPW, there had been a car wash business PDQ, it's been accretive to both of the segment and the Company. We like the trends in carwash. This particular acquisition is of a size that we think that it's from an execution point of view, it's very doable for us and it widens our portfolio and our strength with our distributors. I mean now that we've got a total product to go along with our traditional position. So, we like the secular trends in carwash in terms of the growth profile and we like our historical performance in terms of margin. And like I said, we check the box on return hurdles and execution risks. It's a fragmented market, there is -- but at the other hand, it's now that we've done this acquisition, we are one of the largest players at least in North America. So, we like the market structure also, but I think and to the extent that there is additional opportunities we continue to take a look at him, but it really did check a lot of boxes for companies that we're looking for.
Scott Davis: And then I'm sure you guys are sick and tired to answering questions on refrigeration, but I'm going to pile on a little bit. What's been the customer response to cutting SKUs, cutting capacity? I mean generally in understanding that the customer level that you just don't have a choice and we need to make these moves? Or has there been some sort of pushback particularly in the SKU risk rationalization?
Richard Tobin: Yes, no one like this at the end of the day, I think that our track record in the second half of the year in terms of trying to run the business while preparing it for a transformational change, I'm sure that we have made some of our customers unhappy. I think that we're working diligently to kind of layout the path where this gets our costs and control, and we believe very much that it's going to improve our quality overtime. But having said that, I think that the businesses has been around a long time, I think there is an amount of goodwill, but clearly, we're going to need to execute on this project as we go - it's probably the biggest project that we have in right now for 2019.
Operator: Our question comes from the line of John Inch of Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: So just how does the quarter progress? And I ask the question because some companies have called out a softer December, particularly end of December, some have called out sort of a softer October, the pick-up and back-up in November. And I'm just curious because obviously you don't have necessarily a broad line of economic businesses or kind of specific to Dover. But the trends that you saw against the backdrop of global economy softening, softening in Asia. Does that give you any kind of pause or what to watch for as this quarters come through in 2019?
Richard Tobin: I think that our biggest worry in the quarter was conversion of what we had in the backlog. I think we got a little bit, in a perfect world we would converted it earlier in the quarter and not had to run like crazy during December from both a production point of view and from a cash point of view. But as I said in my opening comments, it got a little dicey, but we are able to get it out the door and collect it. So, I think from an execution point of view, I think that the organization should be proud of itself. We dispatch the segment management to China because we read the same things that everybody else did. So, segment management spent a week in China recently to go and see how it's impacting our business and like. Our management in China is feeling pretty confident. Now we've got really to revenue streams in China, it's the consumables portion of marketable marsh which is relatively stable business and then the regulatory piece of fluids, which is geared towards OPW, which is generally has a decent line of sight in terms of backlog. So were cognizant of the risk out there. But right now our projections for China are to grow in 2019.
John Inch: In the last recession refrigeration got clipped and what's different about this program depending on how the economy plays out, but at some we will get another recession. Refrigeration obviously not stopping or starting up a high base, and I’m just curious, you as a company have talk about the fact that the next downturn you perform much better obviously given Apergy is no longer there, but what about refrigeration? I mean are we at a base level that if there was a broader economic downturn you think that it would perform better? Or is it just the lower base in which its still go down the way it's done historically?
Richard Tobin: John, I can’t add anything to what you said. I haven't been around long enough to really think about specifically as it relates to refrigeration but you put your finger on it at the end of the day if was to happen this year god forbid, we had such a low base in refrigeration, we’re below replacement at this point.
John Inch: Okay, so it's fair to say you feel obviously I think very good about the base at least in the context of possible risks to the economy without words in your mouth?
Richard Tobin: I think I will feel really good if we execute our plans in 2019. I mean 2018 was a tough year for the management of the business and for us. I think we got a good plan. I want to see this executed and I’m going to feel a lot better about it.
John Inch: Just lastly, Rich and Brad, the 18 million the benefit you called out from near-term footprint consolidation presumably this is part of a Phase 1if you will and Dover's evolution. Where would you put this in that context? You've talked about the 200 manufacturing warehouses. Is this any way to size this in any sort of way or…
Richard Tobin: I think the way to answer, John. Yes, I think the way to answer is twofold that when we had the meeting in September, we said that the priority was to go after SG&A first because it was a one-for-one benefit and it was in your control so you can execute it. Now we said we moved on to footprint is a lot more risky and the timing of acting on footprint is a lot longer. So that's why you see us taking a relatively small charge in the end of 2018, and the real benefit that the total benefit is in 2019. So, the returns as you calculate the returns there are excellent, but we've got to run a business here, right. And we don't want to impact the top line, so we're pretty, pretty deliberate about how we execute these things.
John Inch: But in the big picture Rich could even if it takes several years good footprint/PHASE 2b as big as the SG&A?
Richard Tobin: I don’t want to size, but that was relatively small start that we've taken and we are forecasting 18 million. So, we look that this is a multiyear program.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Want to circle back on Fluids. And Rich, you talked about one of the benefits because, first of all, we don't see organic growth rate in that segment as strong as 17%. So can you take us through with any more color the impacts of mix and pricing? And then you also said there was a benefit of some of the cost out there as well?
Richard Tobin: I don’t want to start. I think we can do those with follow ups. I think at the end of the day the two biggest driving issues within the segment where retail fueling, we've been talking I guess in the second half of the year that because of footprint consolidation, we got a little bit behind in terms of our backlog and we had a lot of catch-up to do. Plus the fact Brad took you over -- took you through that EMV is starting to come through, which is a positive for 2019. And the fact that we've talked about earlier in the year, some of the margin was related to mix and that's project related work that's driven by the MAG business. So what we got in Q4 was very good conversion, and maybe not so much in EBITDA as much as we had like in EBIT, but on the top line of converting of the backlog in the retail fluids business and a lot of shipments out of MAG, which are good for margins.
Deane Dray: And then you mentioned tariffs as a factor in fluids and then, can you also address how you did in oil and gas broadly away from retail fueling?
Richard Tobin: The tariff related what I mentioned about tariffs is, the fact that we believe that it is contributing a little bit for the building of backlog, right. Everybody is worried about the supply-chain, which kind a piece of that is tariffs. So customers that have plans CapEx driven plans the demand plans for 2019, we feel that's what's contributing somewhat to the good order book that we have. In terms of our view on tariffs, we will be able to cover the tariffs impact with pricing and productivity and that's our expectation for 2019.
Deane Dray: And oil and gas?
Richard Tobin: Our oil and gas exposure now is relatively low with the spinoff of Apergy.
Deane Dray: But you still have a residual oil that shows up in midstream, any color there?
Richard Tobin: It's not an overly material number and quite frankly because a lot of our pumps business is sold through distribution. I mean I guess we can do the work at the end of the day, but it's hard to parse it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: So I guess my first question is just on the CapEx investments Rich and how are you're thinking about the expected pay back from those investments?
Richard Tobin: What we wouldn’t be doing them and much we had positive NPVs on them at the end of the day. I called out the two bigger ones because they got a little bit of different profiles, right. So, it was to kind of message in terms of what we will consider only do big CapEx projects. One was on the colder business, which is our connector business, I believe it was the fastest growing or maybe in second place fastest growing business that we had in 2018, and the margin is positive to both the segment in the group. So if we are going to invest in capacity expansion that's a pretty good candidate. So, we like the dynamics of that business and we were getting chockablock in terms of our ability to grow based on our footprint. The other one is driven by what we're doing in terms of retail refrigeration and that let’s put that in kind of the productivity bucket rather than kind of the expansion bucket. And both have different dynamics in terms of how we model the return but both of them are very NPV positive as long as we execute correctly.
Joe Ritchie: That’s helpful. And then I guess just my one follow one. When you think about the $72 million and incremental SG&A savings that come through this year, how are you thinking about that coming through? Should it all be -- should be pretty linear just given that the actions were taken in 2018?
Richard Tobin: Yes, that’s where we think about it, linear.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we do have time for one more question. Our final question will come from the line of Joshua Burzynski of Morgan Stanley.
Joshua Burzynski: Rich just first question on some of the footprint consolidation and some of the longer term optionality. I know it's probably premature to size it, but thinking about the percentage of the footprint that's been evaluated so just looked at so far. What is that 18 million of savings really comprises? Is a bit, you looked at two-third of the business, you looked at 25%? Just trying to get a sense for at least what's gotten kind of the first blush so far.
Richard Tobin: I think that we’ve taken a look at the entire footprint, but not -- so cursory view of identified opportunities by operating company. Then we've kind of put them in order in terms of our ability to execute both as a group and by then an individual operating company. And so, we force rank them based on that. So, we've got a relatively long pipeline, but execution risk and some is a lot higher than others. They need to do it from margin enhancement point of view. It's higher than some than others. I think that we signaled in September the two segments that are challenge from a margin point of view. So our bias would be to act there first, but then it comes back to the organization's ability to execute, and we're bringing in resources in 2019 to kind of accelerate our way through 2019. But the fact of the matter is the group's track record in doing facility consolidation is not great. So, we want to be relatively deliberate and get some momentum of successful projects and then begin to roll.
Joshua Burzynski: And then, I think a couple of questions to kind of nip at the edges of this. But Fluid guidance of 3% to 4% organic coming off of a pretty big quarter I think an easy comp in the first quarter, good bookings, descent visibility with EMV and you've added up things should be probably through the high end or maybe even above the high end. I guess the one comment that you've made earlier and maybe the prepared remarks was about clearing some of the backlog there. Is that really what pulls that within the range Is more that you had some of this business with pent-up you've work through it in and maybe now the comp is not as easy as it appears as of the fourth quarter? Just trying to calibrate how do you stay within the range there?
Richard Tobin: Yes, we have been having quite the dialogue around here between our very good performance and conversion and how that affected the top line versus what our guidance was going to be versus the market saying that there's a slowdown in horizon and everything else. We feel great about what happened in Q4. I don’t think that we can keep that level up through the year, but there's no reason for us not to be at the top end of the range, but these are businesses that don't have a lot, I mean, they are so small in the nature, there's not a lot of secular stories behind them. So, we took kind of the middle-of-the-road view. And to the extent that the demand is there then will push the top end, as hard as we can sequentially to the quarters. But I think it would have been a little bit difficult for us to take Q4 and to say, well based on that in our backlog, this thing just rolls through '19. We just don’t have enough visibility right now.
Joshua Burzynski: No, I think that's fair. I guess the question is relative to rest of the business it seems like you baked in more of a soft landing from a macro perspective there than elsewhere. Is that kind of a starting point?
Richard Tobin: That's fair.
Operator: And thank you, that concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Galiuk for closing remarks.
Andrey Galiuk: This concludes our conference call. Thank you for your interest in Dover and we'll look forward to speaking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's fourth quarter 2018 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg - VP, IR Rich Tobin - President & CEO Brad Cerepak - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Steve Winoker - UBS Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Julian Mitchell - Barclays Andrew Obin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Deane Dray - RBC Capital Steve Tusa - JPMorgan John Inch - Gordon Haskett Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research Mircea Dobre - Baird Nathan Jones - Stifel Nicolaus Charley Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and welcome to Dover's third quarter earnings call. Today's call will begin with comments from Rich and Brad on Dover's third quarter operating and financial performance and some comments on our 2018 outlook. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Dover is providing adjusted EPS results and EPS guidance that exclude after-tax acquisition-related amortization. We believe reporting adjusted EPS on this basis better reflects our core operating results, offers more transparency and facilitates easier comparability with peer companies. Reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures reflecting adjustments for aforementioned acquisition-related amortization, rightsizing and other costs are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through November 08 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is (800) 585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code 1598024. And before we get started today, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. We also undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rich.
Rich Tobin: Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us on this morning's conference call, let's get started on Slide 3. Organic revenue was up 3% for the quarter as solid demand trends in Engineered Systems and Fluids more than offset the continued weak demand environment in Refrigeration and Food Equipment. Adjusted Q3 earnings of $203 million and adjusted earnings per share were up 9% and 14% respectively. Bookings remained solid at $1.7 billion at the end of the quarter and are broad-based across the portfolio excluding Refrigeration. Overall the quarter was largely in line with our internal forecast and our earnings comments at the end of Q2. We expected a slower Q3 relative to the previous quarter in Engineered Systems as a result of demand colonization and scheduled production shutdowns at our European operations, despite this Engineered Systems margin conversion, our volume remained strong at 47%. Fluids performed as expected with solid results in Pumps and Process Solutions buffering the residual footprint costs in fueling and transport. Refrigeration & Food Equipment proved to be tougher than expected in the quarter and we've incorporated current conditions into our full-year guidance. Our fourth quarter stacking up to be driven by improved margin conversion in our Fluids segment as we get our operational issues behind us, coupled with the flow-through of our cost initiatives more than offsetting the negative impact of Refrigeration and Food Equipment business and the higher tax rate projected for the quarter. We have significantly completed our SG&A rightsizing plans during the quarter, which we will address in the presentation and that we're moving forward with our footprint rationalization activities, which we expect to begin executing in Q4. As a result of the above, we have further tightened the top end of the range of our EPS guidance to $4.80 to $4.85 per share. I'll pass it to Brad here and come back during the segment slides, Brad?
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Rich. Good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 4. As mentioned, our results were largely driven by solid demand in Engineered Systems and Fluids. Adjusted segment EBIT was essentially unchanged at $274 million and adjusted margin was 15.7%. This performance reflected strong conversion in engineered systems and improved performance in fluids, largely offset by lower volume in Refrigeration and Food Equipment. Adjusted segment EBITDA was $341 million. Adjusted earnings was $203 million and adjusted EPS was a $1.36. EPS benefited in the quarter from a lower tax rate on discrete tax benefits. The full-year effective rate is now expected to be between 20% and 21%. Moving on to Slide 5, let's get into a little bit more detail on our revenue and bookings results in the quarter. Third quarter revenue of $1.7 billion was comprised of 3% organic growth, offset by a 3% impact from dispositions net of acquisitions. FX was minimal in the quarter. Organic growth remained above 3% in Q3, despite headwinds in Refrigeration and Food Equipment. FX, which was a tailwind of 2.2% in Q2 decelerated into Q3, resulting in a small headwind of a 0.5%. We are using a US dollar-euro assumption of $1.17 in our current forecast. From a segment perspective, Engineered Systems grew $35 million organically and fluids grew $58 million on broad-based activity. Weak retail refrigeration markets and delayed shipments and can-shaping equipment drove a $39 million decline in Refrigeration and Food Equipments' revenue. Bookings increased 3% overall. Organic growth was 6%. Of note, Engineered Systems and Fluids' organic bookings grew $38 million and $77 million respectively, reflecting broad-based market demand. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., our largest market was flat organically where broad-based growth in Engineered Systems and Fluids was offset by Retail Refrigeration. Europe was up 2% organically and Asia grew 23%, largely driven by strong activity in our Fluid segment. Finally, book-to-bill finished at 0.98%. Let's take a look at the earnings bridges on Slide 6. Starting on the top, engineered adjusted segment EBITDA improved $8 million, largely driven by solid conversion on broad-based revenue growth. Fluids' EBITDA growth of $9 million reflects better execution in retail fueling and conversion on volume in our other businesses. The $23 million decline at Refrigeration and Food Equipment reflects lower volume and negative business mix. Going to the bottom of the chart; adjusted earnings improved $16 million or 9%, primarily driven by lower interest and corporate cost and a lower tax rate. Now on Slide 7; our nine-month free cash flow was $284 million or 66% of earnings from continuing operations. Third quarter free cash flow was $206 million, was on track with our expectations and largely in line with last year. We expect the fourth quarter to be our highest free cash flow quarter of the year, which is our normal pattern. Of note, the free cash flow impact of our restructuring initiatives on a year-to-date basis was $39 million of which $11 million was paid in Q3. In all, we expect to deliver full year cash flow within the range that we provided at our Investor Day in September. Moving to Slide 8; finally, we completed the open market portion of our 1 billion share repurchase program in the first week of October after repurchasing a 148 million in Q3. The 700 million ASR will be finalized by year-end thus completing the full program. With that, let me turn it back to Rich.
Rich Tobin: Okay. Thanks Brad. Let's try to put some color around some of the segment performance in the quarter starting on Slide 10 with Engineered Systems. Engineered Systems had a solid broad-based quarter with seven out of eight operating companies posting improved revenue, driving a topline organic growth of 5%. Margin conversion in the quarter was excellent at 47% with all operating companies improving profitability quarter-over-quarter. Our printing and identification platform had solid performance in market by margin digital printing both of which posted topline growth greater than the average of the portfolio at accretive margins to the segment. Market modest growth is broad-based geographically with particular strength in consumables, which is positive to margins. Dover digital printing was driven by large equipment shipments and cost control initiatives, offsetting a competitive price environment. The industrial platform business is all increased comparative profits as our CapEx levered businesses continue to operate in a constructive demand environment. Our ESG business continued to deliver strong absolute profit results despite having a less rich product mix during the quarter and the continued pressure from higher raw material cost pass through. Our vehicle service group delivered its strong margins margin performance of the year despite its European facilities beings down for scheduled maintenance in the quarter. OKI, DESTACO and TWG continued to benefit from end market CapEx-driven demand and dealer stocking and microwave products continued to perform in what we believe to be a multiyear constructive environment for military spending. Going into Q4, bookings for Engineered Systems remained solid. We expect the quarter to be a good one, despite some comparable negative product mix in ESG and microwave products and FX headwinds in our businesses that are material exposed to Europe predominantly, Markem-Imaje, digital printing and ESG. Next slide. The Fluid segment posted organic growth of 9% for the quarter with the majority of the portfolio posting comparative topline growth with particular strength in our fueling and transport businesses. Consolidated margin for the segment was flat largely as a result of the dilutive impact of fueling systems to segment margin and some transitory footprint issues in our transport business, which should be largely contained in Q3. Our pumps and process solutions businesses all performed well during the quarter. Incremental margin performance in PSG, MAG and Precision Components were all in excess of 50% in the period, as a result of volume leverage, mix pricing and cost control initiatives, outweighing input cost headwinds and tariff costs on imported components. Colder continued to perform well in the period in both the top and bottom lines as a result of solid demand in single-use connectors. Fueling and transport had a choppy quarter from a margin conversion point of view, but we are encouraging in our exit margin for the quarter and our forecast for topline and margin conversion leading into Q4. In Q3, DFS posted solid topline growth and while incremental margin performance was still below expectations, it was improved and leaves us to be confident that the majority of our footprint consolidation costs are behind us and that we are headed in the right direction in meeting our margin objectives as we outlined in our September presentation. In OPW, while our margin performance was satisfactory, we did have prior period footprint-related costs in the quarter and lost production time at our North Carolina facility as a result of weather-related issues. Our Q4 forecast for Dover is largely driven by the expected improvement, margin conversion in the Fluid segment, particularly driven by our fueling and transport businesses, improving their operational performance and the beginning flow-through of our cost control initiatives. I've just returned from our facility in Dundee, Scotland, while there remains much to do, I am confident that our line rates are set to improve through the quarter and will benefit from the industrial absorption and reduction in frictional costs. Of note, we are assessing the outlook for EMV demand in the U.S. in 2019 and we'll be making some decisions as to the appropriate level of component stock to be carried into January to support projected demand. Moving on the Refrigeration and Food Equipment had its toughest quarter of the year and Q3 with segment revenue down 12% to $386 million. While we have been expecting another difficult quarter in retail refrigeration, we are caught off guard in our Belvac business, where machine deliveries have increasingly deferred into 2019, negatively impacting our prior forecast for segment margin for the quarter and full year. Our full-year segment forecast now incorporates a more modest decline in demand and Retail Refrigeration as this business begins to bottom and a push out of machine deliveries from Belvac into 2019, which are as significantly accretive to margins in the segment. This negative mix impact will be partially offset by cost control actions undertaken in the year, largely in the Retail Refrigeration business. This earnings miss in Belvac does not add an additional operational challenge to the Group, nor does it change the fundamental value of the business in the portfolio as it is unique asset, capable of delivering high, but inherently lumpy returns. As we presented in September, we've begun in earnest to address our footprint actions in the segment as it is the clearest path to improving margins to the target ranges that we established in the presentation. We expect to begin in Q4 and continue the project through 2019. Let's go on to the next slide, as we noted in the morning's press release, we are progressing as planned in the rightsizing initiative that we announced at our Investor meeting in September. As you see in the slide, we are well on our way to concluding the reduction in force portion of the plan and you can see the reconciliation of the PLL impact for both the restructuring charge and the SG&A cost reduction in Q3 and the projection of the timing of the charges for the balance of the plan. The non-headcount portion of the plan will be almost exclusively weighted towards 2019 and I think that Brad addressed converting these charges into cash, we can deal with the Q4 charges and what do we project on that cash impact in the Q&A. Moving on to the next slide is the guidance, which I addressed in the press release in my comments on the segment outlooks to conclude. We enter Q4 with good order backlog to cost much of the portfolio, which has weathered the challenges of higher input costs in an uncertain global trade environment during the year. Clearly there remains much to do to deliver on our full year guidance, but by acting decisively our cost structure, we are in a good position to deliver. I've been encouraged by the engagement of our leaders to embrace these changes and I'm looking forward to embarking on the next stage of our initiatives and our objective of delivering best-in-class operating performance. That's it. Let's move on to Q&A.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Rich. Laurie, before we have our first question, I just like to remind everybody, if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, that will be able to get more people in the queue. Let's have our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Rich Tobin: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Rich, at the Analyst Day in September, you mentioned you're starting to see some stability in pricing within Refrigeration. You kind of did talk about in the presentation today, you'd also mentioned some interesting new products coming out. Obviously, you have the Belvac delays there, but margin was lower than most of us thought. So can you -- is it too early still to call it bottom there and can you keep up with the cost there? Can you use cost pick up to keep up with the volume declines as we go into 2019?
Rich Tobin: Okay. Well, I think that we need to bifurcate the answer between the headwind on Belvac that is really going to move into 2019. That's going to cost us about $10 million in comparable profits to Q4 last year. We're not where as I mentioned, I am not worried about the business overall. The backlog is there. It's just that these are pretty lumpy revenue and returns and the margin on the Belvac volume is quite high. So we're going to have to make up that particular headwind on that basis from that with cost control actions of the aggregate of the cost control actions. On Retail Refrigeration, we haven't really seen a positive pricing environment, but I think that early data shows that some of the negative pricing pressure that we saw in the first half of year has begun to moderate. I don't think we're prepared to call the bottom, but at least from what we can see in backlog is going into Q4 clearly the market started slowing down at the end of last year. So the comp gets better, but the rate of decline in terms of the backlog is significantly smaller than we've been seeing all year. So I don't think we are prepared right now to say we're at the bottom, but I think the data would show that the decline has come down quite a bit and that the pricing headwinds have moderated some. We're going to really move from our decision-making process going into next year is really going to be to call the size of the market and that's what's going to drive the cost takeout from a footprint point of view, but that's really a full-year project that can take us to do it. So I'm -- look, I just don't think it's getting that much worse going into '19, but I don't have any indicators that say it's going to be better in '19 other than the fact that I think that we will benefit from the -- through the year cost takeout when we start doing the comps going into 2019.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Great and then Rich, maybe can you give us some more color into revenue growth across the company. Obviously, you talked by geography, U.S. is flat. We know it's Refrigeration sort of holding that down. Asia 0.3%, obviously there is a lot of concern out there on the macro side into China and Asia, but didn't seem like you guys are seeing it. So maybe talk about the visibility you have in two of the geographic growth as you go Q4 and into 2019?
Rich Tobin: Look clearly the North American market is the leader in terms of the demand, but in our exposure to Asia overall, is relative -- it's not overly material, but right now are the demand that we've seen particular in China is kept up. A lot of that is in the underground portion or the OPW portion of the business right now. North America I think it's a couple different tales at the end of the day. I think the CapEx levered businesses that we have are posting good topline growth. I think if you go through some of the -- some of the comments that I wrote in the press release about who's clocking double-digit growth, we can go through it again, but our fueling systems is close to 15 for the quarter. So that begs the question of what going to have to happen to EMV. So I'll leave that to a follow-on question. But overall, GDP in North America is up and it's driving the CapEx end of our businesses. I think the Markem-Imaje is just performing in the sector. So it's growth was close to 5% for the quarter. So it's clocking quite well and that as I mentioned in the margin conversion in those business has been excellent.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks. That's good color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Winoker of UBS.
Steve Winoker: Thanks and good morning all. Hi, just a couple questions; one, not just because you cheated off. So what was the EMV growth in the quarter? What are you seeing in terms of trajectory there and how are you thinking about that going forward?
Rich Tobin: I won't put it in percentage terms, but EMV grew during the quarter approximately 5%. The expectation that that same rate will continue into Q4, I think that our view is US demand, EMV-driven demand however we want to describe that between [indiscernible] and full units is going to be up next year. I just don't think we're prepared to put a quantum on it yet, but clearly it's going to be in our 2019 guidance. So it's coming, the decisions that we're trying to make is how much inventory delay in as I said in my comments, how much inventory delay in to be prepared if we get a big flex at the beginning of 2019.
Steve Winoker: Okay. Good to hear. And then I just want to follow up at Belvac commentary as well, simply because if we go back and listen to their comments from last quarter, at that time it was pushed and the thought was look it's backend loaded to Q4. The expectation was that it will remain. So specifically, it's always easy for a lot of companies as they project push out for large projects. Can you give us a little more comfort level that of what's going on here and why it's sort of just one more quarter and we can then put in our own numbers for Q1.
Rich Tobin: Yeah, look I think that we're pretty transparent. We're caught off guard bias right. We had the backlog and we're moving into beginning the source and we did source some of the raw [ph] to actually get into building out some pretty large units. The deliveries have been deferred. Now what does that mean for 2019 is an additive. I think it's too early to say, but I think that what we believe is what we had in the pipe. We're going to deliver in 2019, but I mean, look these are very big machines. So they had big ticket prices on them and they have very high margins on is pissed off as everybody that the fact that they got, but I don't believe that it's something that's changed in terms of the market structure that you know what I mean, that some reason that the retail what would it be called, retail food for beverage is rolling over by a stretch imagination and our customers there are a lot of times retail beverage. There's some of the canning makers themselves. So I don't think it's overly worrisome. I just think that the timing of it is poor and the fact that it happened in a sector that we've already had headwinds in is it makes it doubly poor, but I think it's still a good business and I would expect that, that we'll deliver on that volume that we should have been in 2019.
Brad Cerepak: I would just add to your comment earlier, we'll just have more to say about this in January '19, but I would not at this stage think that it's an automatic ship in the first quarter. We'll come back on the timing of that, which is expected to be slightly later than that or later than that.
Steve Winoker: Okay. All right. That's all really helpful. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning all.
Rich Tobin: Good morning.
Jeffrey Sprague: Rich, want to think a little bit more about the puts and takes in a little more detail, the Belvac color is really helpful. If we think about I guess you got roughly $24 million of restructuring tailwinds in the numbers here in 2018. Should we think kind of the most of the kind of missing upside for lack of a better term is just price cost. Can you give us a little color on price cost in the quarter and what you're dealing with there and any kind of pricing counteraction that you're taking?
Rich Tobin: I think as I mentioned in my comments, I think that both the Engineering Systems Group and Fluids Group performed as we expected. I think at the end of Q2, I made some comments that if you looked at the trajectory of earnings in Engineering Systems that you couldn't just clock that through the balance of the year because of the fact that we knew that Q3 is going to be a little bit light to that trajectory. Now having said that, the incremental margin on that revenue is still significant. So it's not by any means a bad performance. It's just that we expected that to happen to a certain extent. On Fluids, I think the growth rate is still very good, but it's a little bit of the same story that we've had year-to-date in terms of the margin conversion on the DFS portion of the business. It actually exited quite well in the month of September and that's why in our full-year forecast, a lot of our operating performance, at least our comparable operating performance year-over-year is can be driven by Fluids.
Jeffrey Sprague: And think I was also curious. I think you said the footprint restructuring is now actually done in fueling. I was thinking that was more of a 2019 exercise. Is that correct?
Rich Tobin: No, no. What I was saying is that we've been carrying around the cost of the Dundee consolidation. The Europe, the first piece of the European footprint, which never went into restructuring. We've been taken that through the P&L all year. That is largely complete. So that's where I was last week. Look, we're getting into the gory details. Line rates are picking up, the absorption is picking up and without getting into monthly margins, I look at our September margins in DFS. They’ve moved up significantly. So it leads us to feel good about the fact that that's where we have a lot of demand going into Q4, if we can convert September margins, we're in pretty good shape.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And thanks for the concise nature of the preparatory remarks. My first question I guess is on the free cash flow. I saw the detail on restructuring and so forth, but working capital has been a big drain in the first nine months, $160 million or so of the cash out. So I just wondered how quickly we should expect that to reverse and whether one should expect a much better performance on that next year?
Rich Tobin: Well, I think that Brad said in his comments that we expect to be within the range that we gave as a percent of revenue in the September presentation. It's going to clearly going to take some heavy lifting to get there, but we think we are confident we can get inside the range. And in terms of 2019 performance, well, if I take out the restructuring, the cash impact on the restructuring, that's going to depend on our guidance for topline revenue right. So again we are building net working capital, which is pretty much inventory receivables on the back of topline growth. Refrigeration is just not large enough to offset that. So our liquidating inventory on refrigeration side because revenue is coming down but conversely we've been building inventory on some pretty good growth rates on the balance of our business. We are not clocking at best-in-class cash flow clearly. So there's a lot of work to be done, but before we start giving '19, I think that I'll put it this way. In '19, we'll be through in the range that we gave in September. How that dynamic functions is going to be a question of once we call growth rates for 2019.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then just circling back to maybe one more time to RFE, are we right in thinking that this year, the adjusted profit is sort of about $150 million for that business and then yeah if you do or don't want to get caught around that may be related to it, how quickly you think we start to see footprint consolidation savings next year in that business?
Rich Tobin: Let's not -- look, I won't answer the question about the segmental margin expectation, other than the fact I did give you some color on the quarter-to-quarter. It's going to be $10 million negative impact because of Belvac year-over-year. So that something that we are going to have to make up. The footprint optimization will begin in Q4. It's not to be overly material. I think that the bigger in terms of its positive impact in 2019 but we will give you the color around that when we make the formal announcement. I think that the bigger positive is going to be the fact that we've taken out a significant amount of overhead out of that business through the year right. So we've been rightsizing as we've gone down. We have flat revenue and we'll get the benefit of the full-year benefits taking that out. The larger footprint issues are going to take throughout 2019, because there is a pretty large endeavors in terms of -- in terms of lot of automation and then dealing with the actual physical footprint.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Yes. Good morning. I just have a simple question given that you sort of started our cost cutting in Q3 and Q4 back on September 11, you said $0.53 of net benefit in 2019. Can we assume that everything you have done so far is consistent with that framework?
Rich Tobin: Yes.
Andrew Obin: So still -- so those numbers still stand. And then the second question on sort of timing of restructuring in Refrigeration Food Equipment and also you talked about footprint. Looking at the queue, there was just not a lot of restructuring in the business and I understand that Belvac was part of it, but should we think that this restructuring is sort the timing here is related to the sort of the timing of footprint rationalization as well. Is that the way to think, just thinking about the timing of what's going on in that segment?
Rich Tobin: Yes and no, is the answer to that question. If you go back and look at the presentation in September, there wasn’t a lot of restructuring in that particular segment because management had been taking out costs all year as the revenue had gone down. So there was not a lot of low hanging fruit per se. There is some restructuring the comes along with the footprint actions, but there is isn’t any kind of residual structuring that we're just waiting on timing in terms refrigeration. It's overly material.
Andrew Obin: Fantastic. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning.
Rich Tobin: Good morning.
Deane Dray: Hey, I would like to go, Rich to your comment on seeing competition in inks in Markem-Imaje and I don't think I've heard this before because you do make your own inks and the whole kind of proprietary nature of your inks you could only use your inks with your equipment. So how has come competition in inks cropped up into this business?
Rich Tobin: Well, I should have been more specific. So I apologize. That was a comment about our JK Business that is part of digital printing. It was not a comment. I think the comment I made about Markem-Imaje is performance and its incremental margin was because it was driven by consumables, which is largely ink at the end of the day. So no issues in terms of that side of the business. The competition on inks is more on the -- on the digital print side.
Deane Dray: Okay That's really good to hear. All right. Thank you for that,. And then maybe just a broad question about the footprint reductions that you're facing and a lot of questions about like in retail fueling you're cutting back on inventory, what about the other side to this? Are you going to step up and build some buffer inventory to avoid some disruptions as you go through these footprint reductions?
Rich Tobin: That's two different questions. Number one, we're actually carrying more inventory than we would like in retail fueling. Some of that is based on the fact that the topline growth has been robust, but it's very much impacted by some of this footprint consolidation work that started last year in supply chain, right. So this whole closing of Malmo and moving to Dundee, you're basically transferring a significant amount of working capital it takes longer to grind through the systems. So we're not -- we're actually not happy about our performance right now. It's understandable but we're not pleased with it. The comment I made about inventory in DFS is it's a question of how much can we clear out operationally. We've got a good backlog. So we should be able to perform in Q4 and consume a lot of that kind of operational inventory, but we really need to make a decision about EMV for 2019 and we don't want to get caught off-guard. I don't want to be sitting here at the end of Q1 saying that we've got -- we've got frictional costs for expediting in air shipments because we didn't have enough kits in place to support the demand of EMV Right now we're not entirely sure what the pace of the start off in EMV is going to be in 2019, but I'm reasonably sure there we're going to be prudent and make sure that we carry some inventory into '19 that we can support whatever demand is there.
Deane Dray: How about the buffer inventory, just as a safety practice as you embark on these footprint reductions?
Rich Tobin: Yeah I think when we when we do a material one, I think that would be part of the disclosure.
Deane Dray: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys, good morning.
Rich Tobin: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: So just to clarify the free cash flow commentary a little bit, you said you're going to be within the range, but it's a little bit of a TBD. Should we just assume kind of the low-end of the range I guess is what you're saying kind of the 8% range for this year?
Brad Cerepak: I think you can assume that it will be in the range Steve. I can't get down to the level of granularity to say it's going to be 8.75%.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And just to be clear, the $40 million of restructuring at about 50 Bps of that headwind?
Brad Cerepak: In terms of the cash flow headwind.
Steve Tusa: Yeah, just a headwind on the cash margin.
Brad Cerepak: I haven't made that calculation. I think that we can expect out of the fourth quarter restructuring charge, approximately I'd say 50% of that charge would be cash and the balance of it would probably slow.
Rich Tobin: We also have some carry over. So I think the full year cash flow impact including Q4 is about $59 million, $60 million of cash. It's little bit higher than 50 Bps if you want to do the math.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one quick, just follow up on PID, you are doing I think some restructuring in PID, I would assume or is any of that restructuring related to you know kind of sales or stand or service?
Rich Tobin: No. It's far more back office and you saw from our press release the other day about it's about as open our digital center part of that has to do with the fact that of the transfer of some assets between Keane and Boston.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch of Gordon Haskett.
John Inch: Good morning, everyone. So the queue called out week refrigerated door case sales and it kind of implies there is a remodeling aspect to this, which I think you might have even cited somewhere in the queue. Is that a new phase of segment weakness? It may not have as much impact because of it's just not as big as the other but I am just trying to dovetail that with Rich your commentary around sort of the pricing dynamic seems to be improving and getting closer to a bottoming.
Rich Tobin: Okay. Well no nothing's really changed. The build-out -- so the Greenfield build-out of new construction has been weak, what we did not expect at the beginning of the year and we've been kind of been writing it down on a year is that a lot of maintenance cap or refurbishment CapEx has been deferred or is not done in '19. So dynamic is the same, but the rate of the decline has moderated at the end of Q3 going into Q4. So it's really nothing there.
John Inch: Getting that maintenance get caught back? What kind of deferrals -- that's why I'm asking this question about the context of maintenance and sort of whereas we are at in the industry cycle? Is this somehow would have been normal to expect or is it something that's new. It may not be that impactful, but it's still new suggesting industry troubles are going to go on for a while?
Rich Tobin: Hard to say right now. My best guess is we're bottoming right now. So worst case scenario it's flat in '19 better case scenario, the maintenance portion of the spend starts to move back up.
John Inch: 50% almost 50% variable contribution margins in ES, is there a mix angle that's driving such a big off-profit improvement in that segment to drive the margins? What's sort of behind the number to cause for that result?
Rich Tobin: It's a combination of good mix and good operational performance. I think that we've got certain businesses that have done well, pricing in excess of input cost headwinds are CapEx levered businesses, some of them are highly engineered products and those -- and as such, the margins on that volume are very good.
John Inch: Just one last one -- as you've gone through this third quarter into fourth quarter restructuring, is some company that they go through these restructuring programs, the more they cut, the more they realize, they can't cut and I'm just curious where we are today versus your expectations when you started? Are you seeing as much more -- what's sort of the feedback as you think about the opportunities that maybe the opportunity set to go after maybe even some more overhead cost out that you had previously talked about?
Rich Tobin: I think it's a little bit too early to talk about more overhead cost. What I can tell you is that I'm proud of the management team here embracing the challenge to take the cost out because it's just not easy, but I think that there's a belief that we have a plan in place that allows us to take these costs out while reinvesting in those platforms to make the businesses stronger.
John Inch: Thanks very much.
Rich Tobin: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Rich Tobin: Hi Joe.
Joe Ritchie: So Rich, it look like pricing got a lot better this quarter than it has been the previous two quarters, just maybe talk a little bit about how much of that is tariff-related versus to pricing that you're getting and like how should we be thinking about that number moving forward over the next couple quarters?
Rich Tobin: It's not materially better pricing, I think it's much more weighted towards mix and price overall. I think that by and large I think that we've done reasonably well in terms of price. Some operations better than others based on kind of the backlog and uniqueness of the product, but there is not a lot of price. I think that there is you see volume leverage coming through and you see better mix coming through, more than price. I mean there is a little element of price, but net of all cost headwinds, it's a relatively immaterial number.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. All right. It just seemed like it had gotten a little bit better just based on the queue, but that's okay. Maybe just following through on like the Belvac discussion, so recognize that Belvac surprised you guys, I'm just curious like what are your customers saying? Are the deferrals related to tariff-related concerns? I am just curious if there's any additional color there?
Rich Tobin: Yeah it ends up being a dogs breakfast. There is a variety of different reasons, they are all rational. They are timing in terms of all build-outs of their own footprints. I think that there is an element of kind of macro that's embedded there to a certain extent. It's been -- some of the -- a lot of this volume is international volume and you've got a variety of noise out in the system, which I think is making people little bit more deliberate in terms of their own CapEx plans. I think that the projects are intact overall, but I think some of it has caught up in that kind of general macro noise.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. And if I can maybe just quickly clarify Andrew's comments from earlier, with the restructuring benefits that you have coming through from the rightsizing this year, so I call it roughly $24 million, the investment right now it all going to happen in 2019 right. So the incremental benefit should be around $0.39, is that right?
Rich Tobin: Well, I said it was a gross of 130 right and out of the 130 that's round here, 25 gets picked up in 2018 right. So it's a rolling -- it's a rolling 12 on 130. So we're tracking right along. I said about that '19 is if you go back and look at the presentation, a percentage of it is headcount related, that's the part that we're substantially complete. The balance of it is the consumption of SG&A by that headcount to a certain extent is the kind of broad-based say that you get in '19 right. So the full effect of that portion is in '19.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. Just to go back to your previous comment Rich about the pricing. At the queue it calls out 1.1% pricing which is pretty decent. It's certainly a lot better than last quarter. Is that a price mix number or is that pure price?
Rich Tobin: Yeah it's a price, it's a pure price right, but it's a pure price net of input.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I'll pull off, but 1.1% is not bad.
Rich Tobin: That's for the earnings thing. That's pure price. That's not mix. On the revenue side, it's pure price on the EBIT side, it's a net number.
Brad Cerepak: As we said, it's slightly better than what we expected going into the third quarter. Material costs are up slightly too. So the net, net is it puts us in the same position we were before. That's the way I think about it?
Nigel Coe: So my question was really, is that 1.1%, is that fully loaded? Was it some price increases that came through during the quarter that makes 4Q better than the 1.1% or is that a good run rate from here?
Rich Tobin: No, I think that's a good run rate because our businesses have been added for a while and we're seeing good momentum in certain of the businesses, which have a higher input cost and I feel like it's pretty stable going into the fourth quarter?
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. And then Rich, you made small comments, which I thought was interesting. You mentioned that you saw some dealer stocking, I think that was in the sector, but did you see broader dealer stocking during the quarter? And then you mentioned I think the weakening in Europe going into 4Q. Did I just pick up those right?
Rich Tobin: Sure. Well, look we've got businesses that are in certain cases 80% of the revenue goes through distribution. So you can't really see the retail customer. So our revenues are two dealers at the end of the day. So a dealer stocking is not necessarily a bad thing because of the fact our dealers only stock based on their projection of demand. So overall we're talking about some of the smaller businesses like TWG and OKI, I wouldn't be worried about kind of the that we're kind of pushing into dealers and that we're going to have to pay the price for that. I think it's more of a positive comment of some of our businesses that sell through distribution. Our network is positive and they're trying to get their hands on what we make.
Nigel Coe: Great thanks.
Rich Tobin: Yeah and then the second part of it was more of an FX-related comment right. So quarter-over-quarter, there is a headwind on the euro. I think Brad kind of cleared, he went through the trajectory of it and based on I think we use a $19.01 -- $19.07, so there is a headwind at least in the way that we're forecasting on our European levered businesses, which is largely more revenue a revenue issue than anything else.
Nigel Coe: All right. Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mircea Dobre of Baird.
Mircea Dobre: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Just looking at your Slide 13, the rightsizing update, I realize this is a little nitpicking but your mix of gross savings has changed a little bit. Can you maybe give us some color as to what's driving assuming a segment level?
Rich Tobin: Yeah, I don't think it's a change at the segment level. I think if you notice on the cost side, there's a little bit of cost now associated with corporate, well that's driving a little bit of the benefit side as well. So it's just a minor change.
Mircea Dobre: Okay. And then just making sure that I understand this correctly, back to any -- so if we're looking at '18 and I was what carries into '19, you're essentially saying that you got $10 million Belvac contribution to operating income that switches into '19 and you've got the savings from the rightsizing here that you’ve detailed on this slide that's another what call it an 10 incremental. So that takes us to 20. Is there something else that we should be aware of in terms of specific drag that you had in '18 that will no longer be there in '19 or anything else that kind of helps us make that bridge?
Rich Tobin: I think that's enough for now.
Mircea Dobre: All right.
Rich Tobin: I mean we'll do it when we close the year and we give the kind of the guidance overall, we'll give you the color of what we think about '19, but right now you’ve got your fingers on the two pieces right. It's in the cost takeout in '18 and the Belvac mix that you can kind of roll forward.
Mircea Dobre: Well, then maybe you'll humor me with one more, that you mentioned this impact from Section 301 tariffs on fluids. I'm wondering can you detail what the magnitude has been and what the drag would be going forward?
Rich Tobin: You know what, I've got a big spreadsheet in front of me. I can tell you right now that we're covering it through productivity and price. So I don't believe it's a drag. If it's specifically about RF&E, I'm not aware of any material exposure to imported components in that particular segment.
Brad Cerepak: On 301 yeah. Certainly on 232, which we've talked about before, but again we'll have to see how that progresses into '19. but at this stage Rich is correct, it's not a big number on 301 for us. We don't ship a lot of product out of China into the U.S. and at this stage it's been covered to productivity.
Mircea Dobre: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones of Stifel.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, everyone. I've got one more on the Belvac push-out, I think Brad said don't expect that to ship in the first quarter. So these shipments have now been pushed out probably close to a year. Do you have contractual protections against cancellations in this? How do you feel about the potential for those orders to not shift to the right actually go away and what gives you confidence that, that won't happen?
Brad Cerepak: There is an amount of progress building and once we start the engineering and the procurement phase, so I don't expect a double negative on an additional push out and look and crystallizing that backlog into orders as I think that Brad was right to say, look we believe that it's going to roll into '19, but let's be careful. It's not as of January 01. We're going to kick it off and we would expect a big comparable bump on the segment in the first quarter because of that translation right. We believe we will get it during the year. It's unclear right now when we kick it off.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Thanks. My second question is on pump and process business. I think during your comments you said that that part of the business realized incremental above 50%, demand there has been pretty good for a while. Can you talk about what's driving those high incrementals in terms of improved pricing in the market versus your internal initiatives that kind of thing?
Brad Cerepak: I think that answers -- ends up being incredibly granular. I think that overall it's a combination of volume leverage because the revenue has been moving up in the segment, having a direct impact. I think that the fact that they've got in front of their input cost headwinds that they're either positive or net neutral has an impact and then demand is there. So then just pure volume, that's not kind of absorption, not the absorption impact of it. So it's a combination of all those. In certain businesses and then you’ve got companies like Precision Components that the nature of that business when it's up, its highly engineered product. So the margins on some of those products is very good and we've got particular strength as I mentioned at the end of Q2 in our high drawer colder business that we're expanding the footprint of that business because demand has been great and the margins are very accretive to the segment.
Nathan Jones: Thanks very much.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Charley Brady of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Charley Brady: Just a quick one for me to finish it here. Your comment back at the Analyst rate of 15% to 17%, I just want to go back to your earlier comments on how that's performing and without getting too granular, it sounds like it's maybe getting a little bit better, faster than you had originally anticipated.
Rich Tobin: I think it's not better and faster. I think there we're just happy right. We've been bragging that around for the full year. I think the team has worked really hard in a pretty bad situation, that we had in terms of that consolidation in Europe, but they’ve ground through it and we see ourselves coming out on the other side. So we don't have a lot of negative. It wasn't just the consolidation in Europe. It's when you can't get the throughput out of that facility, you're making it up and other facilities, which has got supplier premiums and air freight. So there's a lot of kind of additional frictional costs in the system. That's all coming out because I think that Dundee's has got the feet on the ground now and you couple that with the demand of EMV coming up and EMV products if you will are beneficial to margins of the Group. So we like what we saw of our exit margins in Q1 and that leads us in some amount of confidence and going into Q4 meeting our objectives because from a year-over-year basis what we are looking for is a lot of the year-over-year profit change is going to come out of that particular segment.
Charley Brady: Just one more on OPW, you commented there is a weather impact obviously. Can you quantify if that's material on you lost few days on the margin perspective, and now working back, can you quantify that?
Rich Tobin: I don't have the number in front of me. It's not overly material. I think the bigger issue that OPW had, just at a quarter-to-quarter basis was some footprint consolidation cost that they had started before kind of we announced this new initiative right. This is something that's been going on all year. They finished it up and then they took some charges in the quarter, which weren't helpful, but I think like I said it's largely contained in the Q3. So our expectation is that OPW's margins in Q4 are going to be good.
Charley Brady: Okay. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. That's concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Yeah. Thanks very much for joining us for the Q3 earnings call. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's third quarter 2018 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg - VP, IR Richard Tobin - President & CEO Brad Cerepak - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Julian Mitchell - Barclays Andrew Obin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Steve Tusa - J.P. Morgan Steve Winoker - UBS Deane Dray - RBC Capital Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Charley Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Mircea Dobre - Baird Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets.
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Dover's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Richard J. Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning and welcome to Dover's second quarter earnings call. With me today are Rich Tobin and Brad Cerepak. Today's call will begin with comments from Rich and Brad on Dover's second quarter operating and financial performance and some comments on our 2018 outlook. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Dover is providing non-GAAP measures including EPS results and EPS guidance that exclude after-tax related amortization. Reconciliations between GAAP and adjusted measures reflecting adjustments for aforementioned acquisition-related amortization, rightsizing costs and other costs are included in our investor supplement and presentation materials. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 2nd and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is (800) 585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code 3666317. Before we get started today, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks Paul, good morning everybody and thanks for joining us for this morning's conference call, let's get started. In Q2, Dover posted consolidated revenue up 3% with adjusted earnings of $200 million and adjusted diluted EPS of $1.30 a share, up 19% and 21% respectively. Bookings remained solid at $1.9 billion at the end of the quarter and are broad-based across the portfolio excluding retail refrigeration. The Apergy spin-off is completed at the beginning of the quarter and as a result we have executed a good portion of the announced share repurchase program which Brad will take you through, the impact on the share count later in the deck. We are tightening the full-year EPS guidance range to $4.75 to $4.85 a share despite the full-year demand environment and retail refrigeration being below our original forecast and largely as a result of improved margin conversion in the Fluids segment expected in Q4, tight corporate cost controls, and share count reduction. As we have noted in the press release this morning, we will be implementing a cost reduction program beginning in Q3 which is not reflected in our current full-year EPS guidance and will be subject to a separate announcement I will deal with that, I think, in the Q&A. So let's go on in the presentation, let me pass it off to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Rich. Good morning everyone. Let's start on Page 4 of the presentation deck. As mentioned, our results were largely driven by solid demand in Engineered Systems and Fluids. Overall revenue grew 3% to $1.8 billion. Adjusted segment EBIT improved to $276 million and adjusted margin was essentially flat at 15.3%. This performance reflected solid conversion in Engineered Systems which was offset by continued footprint consolidation supply chain issues in Fluids and lower volume in Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Adjusted segment EBITDA was $343 million. Adjusted earnings increased 19% to $200 million. And adjusted EPS was $1.30. The EPS benefited from a slightly lower tax rate on discrete tax benefits whereas the full-year effective tax rate is expected to be between 21% and 22%. On Slide 5, let's get into a little bit more detail on our revenue and bookings results in the quarter. Second quarter revenue growth of 3% was comprised of 3% organic growth and 2% from FX. Partially offsetting these results was a 2% impact from net dispositions. Importantly on a sequential basis, organic growth accelerated from 1.7% in Q1 to 3.5% in Q2. FX which was a tailwind of about 4% in Q1 decelerated into Q2 to about 2% as a result of the U.S. dollar appreciating against our other trading currencies. We are using a U.S. dollar Euro assumption of $1.17 in our current full-year forecast. From a segment perspective, Engineered Systems grew $39 million organically and Fluids grew $44 million. Weak retail refrigeration markets drove a $24 million decline in Refrigeration & Food Equipments revenue. Booking increased 6% overall. Organic growth was 6%. Of note Engineered Systems and Fluids organic bookings grew $62 million and $80 million respectively reflecting broad-based market demand. From a geographics perspective, the U.S. our largest market grew 2% organically while Europe was up 1%, Asia grew 19% largely driven by strong activity in our Fluids segment. Finally book to bill finished at 1.05. Let's go to the earnings bridge now on Slide 6. Starting on the top, Engineered Systems adjusted segment EBIT improved $15 million largely driven by solid conversion on broad-based revenue growth. Fluids EBIT growth of $7 million reflects weak conversion due to footprint consolidation and supply chain issues. The $15 million decline at Refrigeration & Food Equipment reflected lower volume. Going to the bottom of the chart, adjusted earnings improved $32 million or 19%, higher segment earnings, lower interest, and corporate costs and a lower tax rate drove the improvement. Let's look at Slide 7. Our first half free cash flow was $79 million or 28% of earnings from continuing ops. Second quarter free cash flow was largely in line with last year. Our CapEx spending was focused on multiple projects which will help drive growth and productivity. Working capital increased $59 million on volume growth although working capital as a percent of revenue came down 130 basis points to 16% of revenue. Now on Slide 8. As previously mentioned during the second quarter we initiated an accelerated repurchase program funded by the $700 million Apergy dividend. Beyond the completion of the ASR, we expect to repurchase 150 million more in shares in the second half on the open market. By year-end, we will substantially complete the 1 billion repurchase we committed to last year. And as you know, the ending full-year 2018 weighted average drops further into 2019 on these 2018 repurchases. With that, let me turn it back over to Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks Brad. Let's move on to the segment slides. Engineered Systems delivered a solid broad-based quarter. Margin conversion organic revenue was very good at 46% in the period a result of the following. In printing and identification the positive comparable performance was driven by volume growth in Markem-Imaje and improved product mix in digital print as a result of the timing of LaRio printer deliveries which should have been expected in Q3 but delivered in Q2. In the Industrial platform, performance was more mixed as they are more subjected to material cost and tariff issues. ESG and TWG both delivered very strong performances as a result of the continued demand strength in fleet renewal in ESG and recovery vehicle accessories demand in TWG, with volume leverage and mix more than offsetting input cost headwinds in both businesses. DESTACO and MPG delivered good results on volume and improved mix on the back of automation demand and an uptick in military spending. While VSG reported absolute profits up for the quarter incremental margins were lower than expected as volume leverage and pricing were unable to cover input cost increases as a result of the delays in pricing and implementation which is being enacted going into H2. Full-year outlook for Engineered Systems is expected to remain strong with earnings levered towards Q4 as a result of industrial facility maintenance shutdowns primarily in Europe in Q3 and the timing of digital print large printer shipments pulled into Q2. Okay, let’s go forward to Fluids. The Fluids segment posted organic revenue growth of 7% during the quarter with all operating companies growing revenue from comparable period with especially improved performances in our pumps, process solutions, and transport businesses. Consolidated margin performance for the segment was underwhelming as a result of the execution issues in fueling and transport specifically in DFS partially offsetting strong performances in the balance of the segment. Let me comment on some of the strong results in the segment because it's a little bit of a tale of two worlds here. In pumps and process solutions, PSG colder hydro and to a lesser extent MAG all delivered top-line and bottom line conversion in the quarter. PSG's June shipment rate was the highest in three years which is a positive sign that our CapEx levered businesses continue to gain strength. The colder business has had a strong start to the year which continued through Q2 this is becoming a business of significant attraction in the segments portfolio and one that is earmarked for capacity expansion. Results in fueling and transport were mixed. OPW was the fastest growing business at 23% largely driven by regulatory related spending in China and U.S. below ground products. Margin conversion could have been better as a result of facility consolidation costs which we consider transitory and beneficial to margins going forward and a geographic mix of revenue with APAC revenue being dilutive to consolidated margins. The expectation is that OPW will have a solid second half as end market demand remains firm. DFS while posting top-line growth of 3% posted negative earnings conversion as a result of the continued operational costs associated with the European footprint consolidation, significant supply chain costs and expediting fees, and discrete items in the quarter. Our expectation is that a significant portion of these issues will be behind us by the end of Q3 and that the second half performance will be materially improved going into Q4. What I can tell you is that during the quarter we did the operational issues and discrete items that cost us approximately $7 million of earnings and if I add that back to our margins, there still remains much to do to get margins on track in this business. The encouraging news is that we're confident it's not a product issue from the performance perspective as bench -- product benchmarking and customer feedback is positive. And it's clear that our operational execution has to improve and we have to establish and execute clear paths for profit improvement plans in Europe and APAC which are underway. Let's move on to Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Refrigeration & Food Equipment had another tough quarter in Q2 as revenue was down 6% primarily driven by reduced demand trends especially in Dover Food Retail and calendarization of shipments out of food equipment particularly at Belvac which are back-end loaded in 2018 to Q4. We have updated our full-year forecast for this segment and align with the current backlog and demand trends. EBITDA margin in the quarter declined over 200 basis points or $15 million on reduced earnings in Dover Food Retail, $14 million in Belvac and $4 million on a comparable basis. Our expectations that a full-year demand will remain weak in Dover Food Retail through the balance of the year but for comparable segment margin declines to narrow in Q3 and refuse -- and reverse in Q4 as a result of improving shipment mix in United Brands through H2, Belvac and Belvac shipments in Q4 and the flow through of cost actions in Dover Food Retail which has reduced its year-over-year headcount by 18% through June. Moving on to Slide 14, as I mentioned earlier in the presentation, we've updated our full-year revenue outlook to reflect softer than forecasted demand conditions in Retail Refrigeration and tightened our range on the EPS to the higher end of the range with a bias towards the top end. Our revenue trends and backlogs indicate we have strong businesses that are largely participating in markets with increased demand profiles. It is clear that we need to execute on better margin conversion in some areas of our portfolio and to aggressively implement actions to offset raw material and input inflation. During the last 90 days, I have visited approximately 70% of our total company revenue and our management teams in the quarter. The commitment to deliver improved performances there and we are committed to implementing the necessary actions to achieve it. That's the last slide, so we will move on to Q&A.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks. Crystal, if we can have the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Welcome to Richard and thank you for the candid tone. In terms of I guess any extra color you could provide on the cost reduction measures that you've talked about in terms of magnitude and perhaps also speed of execution and how quickly investors should expect to see a meaningful payback on those cost reduction efforts.
Richard Tobin: We’re well through our plans. I expect that our plans will be complete by mid-August from there we will work on the accounting treatment quite frankly because there's some issues we have to deal with war notices and a variety of other things. Before the end of Q3, we'll be announcing the timing of those measures, the cost of those measures, and the flow through on our cost going into 2019 as a separate announcement, but I guess in a nutshell we're well under way at this point. I'm confident in our ability to execute and I think as a clarifying point what I've written in the press release, it said overhead, and I don't want to confuse that with what has gone on here before about rightsizing if you will nor do I want you to think of that as corporate cost. This is SG&A across the group including the SG&A in the segment, so the scale of this rightsizing initiative will be materially larger than some of the rightsizing initiatives that we have seen as a result of the Apergy spinoff.
Julian Mitchell: Understood, thank you. And then my second and last question would just be around the Refrigeration & Food business and then I guess you’ve obviously done a lot of cost measures already at food retail. It seems like you’ve obviously decided to keep the business in light of the reviews you've done in recent months, maybe talk a little bit about your impressions on the longer-term sales growth outlook in Refrigeration & Food overall and how that informs the scale of necessary cost reduction?
Richard Tobin: The cost reduction initiatives are solely in retail refrigeration because that really is the part of the portfolio that's suffering the revenue decline. I think from an earnings point of view both UB, UB is on track for the full-year. I think that we've got some calendarization differences running through the P&L right now in Belvac. So if you look at the segment performance, it's negative to a certain extent because of Belvac, our backlog in Belvac is impressive right now it's purely a question of the timing of the deliveries right now they're loaded into Q4 and that's why in my commentary, I'd said that the comparable performance for the segment actually rolls over in Q4 where we expected to be positive which is largely as a result of the cost takeout in retail refrigeration and the shipments in Belvac. So in terms of the portfolio review and the decision about keeping anything I mean we've gone through the portfolio review in terms of what we can expect about medium term performance but there's been no real decisions about a greater portfolio decision at this point. I think that I understand that there is this issue of well why don't we spinout refrigeration or monetize refrigeration, monetizing the business at it -- at its current demand levels. I'm not so sure about that from a decision point of view. So I think what we're doing right now is rightsizing that business in terms of what we believe the demand is going to be for the balance of the year. We'll have a better idea as we go through Q3 of what we expect to happen in 2019 and we're committed to making sure that that we maximize the segment profitability for that period. In terms of what we're going to do from a portfolio point of view I think that's a future consideration.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin: Good morning Rich. Good morning, Paul. A long, long time, good morning Brad, long time I didn’t see you.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Richard Tobin: Yes, long time Andrew.
Andrew Obin: So the question is I guess question for Rich as you move from the board to the CEO position and I know you sort of highlighted SG&A moves, are there any obvious things other than SG&A in terms of how the company run that you have seen as a target for improvement and the second part of my question, how long would it take for you would think to sort of steady the operation that Dover moves them in the direction where you want for you can sort of restart thinking about using the balance sheets strategically i.e. M&A?
Richard Tobin: Okay, I think there's two primary issues. One is clearly that the expectation of demand in retail refrigeration of what we thought it was going to be at the beginning of the year and what it's likely turning out to be for 2018 is significantly different and that goes through 2019. So I believe that we're reaching the bottom from what I've can ascertain so far but right now we're moving as quickly as we can to intervene on the cost space to protect margins as they are. We'll make further decisions based on as I mentioned the previous question about where as we stack up on, we're taking a lot of costs out right now, we’re incurring those costs of the P&L of what kind of on the run margin profile is for retail refrigeration but a variety of demand scenarios into 2019 but clearly that's a significant difference between what we had thought at the beginning of the year and what it's turned out to be, so it's up to us to action that and quite frankly, segment management has been doing a lot of heavy lifting, so I can't criticize the execution of the cost takeout year-to-date. The other issue is the execution on the facility consolidation in DFS and the margin profile of that portion of the Fluids segment has been disappointing. This has been ongoing for some period of time. I think it is demonstrated that there are some gaps in the organization about handling facility consolidation and complex industrial moves and we're paying the price for that. So right now in terms of margin of dilution accretion, we've got a significant portion of the Fluid segment that is very dilutive to the balance of the portfolio and that's a problem. We're getting our hands around about on the run profitability for that segment, if I can strip out some of the noise. But we're not moving fast enough in my mind in terms of the execution. I think that we will make some progress in Q3, so comparable earnings trajectory versus the first half move up in H2 but we're still far away from expectation in terms of the margin of that business and it's significant to our revenue stream, so it's something that that we need to fix and I think that that is going to undertake us bringing in a mix of some other kind of talents into the group to ensure that because there is other footprint initiatives that I think that will be coming through 2019 and we just got to do a better job of executing there. In terms of inorganic investment this is not a scenario of while we're going to go through a cleanup period here and then we're going to come out of the other side. We're still looking at inorganic opportunity and the balance of the portfolio we've got certain portions of our business that are executing very well I mean I highlighted some of them in the opening commentary. We're looking at a few right now and the scale in terms of purchase price is somewhere, it’s less than $0.5 billion but more in the $250 million range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning. Hey Rich thanks for all the color on kind of the operational and CEO kind of new view just on the maybe some of the more kind of practical near-term operational things, can you just give us a little color on really what the supply chain disruptions are, how do you tackle those and also just a little bit of an update on what is happening on price cost in particular your efforts to get price in the business?
Richard Tobin: Sure. For the most part in supply chain issues that we've had, that have been negative to earnings have been mostly isolated in Fluids and almost exclusively in DFS. And that is part and parcel to this facility consolidation to a certain extent and trying to manage our SNL pieces systems of getting the right product out. So we've had a bunch of frictional costs associated that whether that's freight expediting. On the balance of the group, it's being reflected in working capital performance where I think that the supply chains in certain parts of the business have been somewhat strained. I think in certain areas we've tried to buy forward a little bit on the industrial businesses for steel to kind of mask price increases to a certain extent and that really needs to be normalized going to the second half because we're not entirely pleased with the cash flow performance year-to-date. So those are really two of the areas where it's manifesting itself.
Jeffrey Sprague: And how about on price attempts specifically Rich, how is the market accepting that, is there kind of negative demand response when attempting to get price or any blow back anywhere on that?
Richard Tobin: Yes, we've got a pretty mixed portfolio, so any answer I give you is going to be kind of mixed, I mean I think that we've estimated that our commodity headwind is approximately $55 million or so, that needs to be offset in price. Clearly in the business, I called out VSG where we've been negative so far and that's a little bit because of -- that's a distribution business and there's a pal on kind of rolling that into distribution which we're committed to fixing in the second half of the year. The other businesses like TWG and ESG which are heavily levered towards commodity prices because of the demand profile has been there. They're doing reasonably well on price and they're offsetting the balance because of the volume leverage on the industrial side.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Thanks for the abbreviated script and a lot of time for Q&A. We appreciate that. On the free cash flow, you mentioned you just mentioned some working capital. I know the prior guidance was 10% of revenue, well, I know you have a big second half usually can you maybe just update us on that metric for the year and then may be little color on how that may improve in the next couple of years and just a quick follow-up on that.
Richard Tobin: I'll take the time to avoid the next couple of years Steve for the time being.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Richard Tobin: I can deal with that in Q3 but let's deal with between now and the end of the year. I'm not aware of anything that's changed in the dynamic or the cash flow dynamic of the business right now. So I'm not taking 10% of revenue off the table by any means. Clearly as I'm sure you’ve heard during the Q3 commentary we did -- we are backend loaded in certain of our businesses and that would imply that receivable balances in Q4 may be going up but that, so we're going to have to work pretty hard in terms of the industrial inventory and payables to offset that, but I don't see any fundamental change that we've moved to at a heavier profile in terms of inventory or cash conversion but getting into kind of doing the timing quarter-by-quarter, it's hard for me to say right now I've gone through it at the Opco level, I think any kind of fluctuation in that is going to be based on timing of receivable balances and at the end of the year we're shipping out a bunch of LaRio machines and shipping out a lot of Belvac, I mean that's going to be negative unless we can carry some payables to offset into it. But right now I don't see any reason to come off 10% of revenue in terms of a target.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just a quick one on RF&E you talked about taking rightsizing actions I don't see really any restructuring in the quarter at refrigeration is that because a lot of the plan that you're going to kind of come up with and announce it's more kind of let's put stop saying let's evaluate and that would be a big part of kind of what we hear about in Q3 like kind of a calm before the storm if you will?
Richard Tobin: A little bit less those than you think, I think that that the rightsizing that's been going on in refrigeration has been flowing through the P&L and it's on the variable labor side more than anything else I think that what we're going to do in the segment is take a look at the footprint because the footprint is probably well it is right now at current demand levels a lot larger than we would need, so there's going to be a part of that in it but to be clear the restructuring that we're going to announce in Q3 is not -- is more of a group wide SG&A reduction there will be some amount of footprint in it but quite frankly I think that the footprint decisions are going to take a little longer and that'll be done I don't want to say separately but I mean as you can imagine you need to prepare a supply chains and do a variety of other things to deal with a footprint so a lot of that will probably go into 2019. What we're going to do in this coming quarter is take a look at across all of the segments, so group wide SG&A because clearly as we've taken a look at the benchmarking versus our peer set, we’re a bit heavy I think we've done a lot of work in the past to put in systems to allow us to take out some non-customer facing kind of costs and that's what we're going to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Winoker with UBS.
Steve Winoker: Thanks very much, good morning and thanks for the color this is really helpful across the business. I just wanted to start with a little bit more of that operational review that you had across the whole business you've talked about, hitting 70% of the revenue base, you’ve talked about SG&A and some of the supply chain issues but to what extent is there sort of a broader operational and lean opportunity when you see about -- see how the businesses are working, do you think these are really just isolated incidents or is this more of an opportunity kind of rethinking the operations of the business forward on a portfolio basis?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I think that right now we are concentrating on the actionable items, so SG&A clearly as an actionable, addressable item and as we have mentioned we've got some pretty big execution issues that we need to deal with in DFS and DFS as a material portion of our total group revenues and clearly we're kind of swimming upstream a little bit on retail refrigeration until that business stabilizes itself, so there is a lot we can do in terms of operational performance. That it's going to require that's but that is more of a sustained kind of grinded out effort. So I mean it's not something that we can turn the dial between now and the end of the year. I think other than just begin to turn it philosophically. But in my going around I think that that we do need to bring into some of our businesses some expertise in terms of operational efficiency. I think we do a fantastic job of keeping close to the customer. I think we do a really good job in terms of new product development, so kind of close to the customer and developing the products which is reflected in our top-line which has been very competitive against our peer set. I think that part of it we do quite well I think that we just need to take that kind of effort and turn some of it back in terms of operational execution. But that is something that is we can put it in it as an ethos between now and the end of the year but we're going to have to grind that out and that's more of a 18 months before we really get on a cadence that I'd like to see it out.
Steve Winoker: Okay. And just to clarify on the comment this morning when you talk about asset intensity, you mean driving higher asset utilization across the business.
Richard Tobin: Yes, yes, absolutely, absolutely.
Steve Winoker: Okay.
Richard Tobin: I won't use intensity again we're not going to become more asset heavy. We are going to sweat the assets that we have more intensely.
Steve Winoker: Perfect and then so I had to get that in but on the EMV side, can you just talk to us a little bit about EMV growth.
Richard Tobin: Somewhere in this pile here is the chart where do we say we were on EMV penetration 40%?
Brad Cerepak: Yes, roughly 40% that's hard -- that's hard to know because we're seeing more and more -- we're seeing more and more new dispensers a lot of customers are looking at the age of the dispenser in the field and making decisions about earlier upgrade and maybe they normally would do and we're seeing that manifest itself in order rates on dispensers. The first half as you know was a challenging first half as EMV last year was pretty solid in terms of kits and conversions. The back half we'll see that more to dispenser, so but roughly speaking the number Rich gave is about where we think we are with a lot of room to consumer to run here in the back half into 2019.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome Rich.
Richard Tobin: Thanks.
Deane Dray: Hey maybe we can start with what you're thinking and I know it's a moving target regarding potential tariff exposures and you mentioned $55 million in commodity headwinds you need to offset but any color there for starters would be helpful?
Richard Tobin: The $55 million is a mixed number which is, it's got tariff in there and it's got price escalation right and parsing that out --
Brad Cerepak: It's small.
Richard Tobin: Yes, parsing that out is relatively difficult. We are keeping a close look at our exposure to China in terms of our revenue base clearly and not only our exposure from a revenue point of view but also the mismatch between what we make in China and selling to China versus what we import exports. So we're running the traps on all of that it looks manageable at this point, so I don't see any significant issue. I'd like to see our Asia-Pac margins move up group wide a little bit but and I’d mention that in the color around LPW but at the end of the day from a growth point of view it's from a absolute profit point of view we will take it, so we're running the traps on both kind of tariff scenarios but for us right now it's less tariff and more commodity cost headwinds and then it's just a challenge for us to offset it between price and productivity.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then, Rich, I appreciate that we're still early in your tenure and you're laying out some broad strokes on the operating side and what needs fixing, but can you address capital allocation broadly? You mentioned that you're not going to stop on acquisitions. You're looking at $250 million to $500 million-sized deals. But broadly, how are you thinking about return requirements? Are there any changes that we should be sensitive to in terms of how you're looking at capital allocation broadly?
Richard Tobin: Right. We're looking closely at it. We -- I'm very cognizant that everyone is looking for a structured answer from me on that, our intent is hopefully before the end of Q3 around the close of Q3 that we're going to come out and I'll give you a whole presentation in terms of my thoughts on capital allocation in the short-term Brad alluded to what we're doing in terms of the share repurchase as, a) it was a commitment in the past but it's a relative valuation play at the same time, so I think we've given you a lot of color in terms of our intent there. But I understand that everybody is waiting to hear from me about capital allocation and I'm working on the presentation as we speak.
Deane Dray: Understand we'll be patient. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz: So when you look at refrigeration, I know there has been a few questions there but it's been a couple of years where it's been little tougher go over so when you look this quarter I know Bob had talked last quarter about a couple of new customers coming in and booking more, what’s happening in the business, what is worse? The CapEx environment we all know looks weak but Bob had talked about specialty store growth so what -- it just seems like it's a moving target and what should it look like from here are you think that, where we are in terms of guidance is pretty conservative now, Rich.
Richard Tobin: I hope it's conservative. I guess maybe we're talking about retail refrigeration. I think when we look at the segment. It's going to have enough it's going to have a tough Q3 and then -- these are comparable numbers now it’s going have a tough Q3. And then it's going to roll over in Q4 because quite frankly the comps get better and as I mentioned the non-retail refrigeration portion of the portfolio is backend loaded right now based on our forecast, so you're going to get that kind of uptick. But the fact of the matter is we're nothing's really changed, we're in a bit of a CapEx strike by food retail as everybody struggles with the digitization and what they're going to do to react to that. It is clearly below replacement demand now so I wouldn't say does it get worse from here, I don't think that it gets worse from here but we don't see a runway for it to get demonstrably better other than to run the trap lines to say at some point maintenance capital, replacement capital has got to come back so but clearly the proportion of new build to replacement build is changed forever to a certain extent and we're going to have to size ourselves based on that. In terms of other revenues streams there you guys you could imagine we are working strenuously to diversify the business from case and door to other products within in food retail. I think that we've got some interesting irons in the fire in that regard but they are not going to impact earnings in 2018. And assumes we can put some color around it and I'm sure you'll hear from us about it but for the medium term this is all hands on deck of rightsizing ensuring that our quality remains best in class setting ourselves up for even at flat revenue we actually make comparable profits go up because of cost takeout and then working strenuously in kind of diversified the revenue stream from a product point of view.
Andrew Kaplowitz: That’s helpful. Then if you just back up last year this time or maybe early in the last summer and there was an Analyst Day Bob had talked about some of these long-term growth guidance for the different segments obviously refrigeration has changed but when you look at ES and Fluids you've laid out 3% to 5% growth and it looks like ES have been pretty strong so as you've looked at the overall segments Rich in terms of growth is that the way you’ve looked at ES and Fluids look solid versus that 3% to 5% growth or situation looks little worse any comments on how those targets that were set last year?
Richard Tobin: Yes, I know that there's a need or everybody wants me to reconcile the 2019 targets. I can just guess and I've looked at them closely. Clearly as you articulated both Fluids -- all right let's go back Engineering Systems from a top-line growth and a margin accretion point of view is largely on track. Fluids because of the negative conversion in DFS is problematic and I think we've beaten this issue of food retail. I'm more of a consolidated margin person, this is a portfolio there's going to be ups and downs in terms of the demand cycle in the portfolio but if I look at it from a consolidated point of view part of the reason that we're taking this action in terms of overhead costs is to close that gap which is a portion of it is our execution issues that we have in DFS that need to be reconciled and more importantly the headwinds that we have on refrigeration.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Charley Brady with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Charley Brady: Just on a bigger picture you talked about you particularly in refrigeration and I guess more fluids bringing some more talent on the operational execution issue, do you think as you and I know it's a little bit far to 2019 but these type of things generally take a bit more time you've got to bring people and you've got to get the plan in place and you've got to execute. I mean as we look from a margin perspective particularly on that DFS business and more into refrigeration do you see kind of going through 2019 before you and exiting 2019 before you see any real meaningful margin improvement there or should we expect it sooner than that timeframe trying to get a framework of how long do we see sort of some of these subpar margins in parts of the business before they start getting really better on the plan you going to put in place.
Richard Tobin: Right. As I mentioned earlier from an execution point of view on refrigeration and the actions that have been taken on the cost basis I'm confident that the plans are in place for the comparable margin to rise it's purely a question of demand so it's a top-line issue, right, so I think that's the segment management is on it from a cost point of view it's not there's not an execution issue going on in retail refrigeration it's more of -- it's got a significant top-line headwind and because of that your fixed cost absorption becomes problematic, so it's easy you know what they've done up until this point is do with a variable cost which they take through the P&Ls on a comparable basis even a flat revenues it actually moves up going into 2019. And then it's clear that we're probably going to have to take some action in terms of the fixed cost in that business to right size it based on future demand. We're not there yet because I'm not I think we need to see some stabilization in terms of the demand profile on that portion of the business. On DFS I can tell you that if I clear out of the noise of the facility consolidation and everything else it's a material amount of earnings increase at flat revenue. But I'll also tell you that the profit margin even if I clear out the noise is unacceptable from a comp base. And that is likely to take, I think we will make improvement I think you're going to see some improvements in the second half of this year largely in Q4, I think that you'll see improvement assuming we clear out the noise which we're committed to doing in 2019 but it’s going to likely take throughout 2019 to materially get this closer to benchmark profitability which is our target.
Charley Brady: Understood thanks and just one more quick one on, you talked about one of the things you think you guys are pretty good at are new product development that doesn’t seem to be an issue but I’m wondering if you look across the portfolio, are there areas where things may have been under invested in terms of new product development and that's an area that need a little more focus or is that kind of squared up across the board?
Richard Tobin: It’s such a mixed bag, I think it's very difficult to answer, I think by and large as I mentioned before the customer facing portion of the business is executing. So and that includes new product development, right a lot of what we do is I would almost classify as co-engineering in a lot of cases. I think from an investment point of view, if there's been any opportunity in terms of investment it would be at the industrial level and that's a productivity issue, right. So there may be some amount of flex of investing in the industrial footprint to derive future productivity out of it and be less labor intensive in some of our more industrial businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mircea Dobre with Baird.
Mircea Dobre: Yes, good morning and welcome Rich. If I may, I’d like to maybe ask you kind of a longer-term question if you're looking out three to four years I mean I certainly understand what you're trying to do from a cost reduction in restructuring standpoint in the near-term but what is your sense on where the biggest opportunity for value creation would be in the company, is it on self help driving margins or is it more along the capital deployment portfolio management side?
Richard Tobin: In the -- in the near-term it's driven by self-help and in the longer-term it moves more into investing where we are advantaged from a market structure point of view and we believe that we've got advantage. So over the next 18 months, I think it's more of operational execution and self-help I think that I've basically pointed my finger of where we believe that the biggest material changes can take place. But over the -- but at a certain point if we execute on that then it becomes more of an issue of capital allocation and allocating our capital where we believe that we’re structurally advantaged in terms of whether it's market structure or product or a variety of other considerations. So but it's not to say I think I should repeat myself that we're going into some kind of black period where we're going to almost exclusively concentrate on execution issues, I think that we're able to do a little bit of both. So we are going to be considering inorganic investment over that period of time. So it's not a black white, so if you're asking a longer term question I think that once we get beyond kind of some of the operational challenges that we have in front of us then I think it becomes more of a -- are we going to be a disciplined allocator of capital. And I think we're committed to doing so.
Mircea Dobre: I see. And then maybe clarification on guidance, if you're willing to provide it, can you comment at all on how you’re thinking about segment margins for the full-year by each segment?
Richard Tobin: No, I won't give you segment margin for the whole year I think that if you go back and you look of what my comments were I think that I've given a good amount of color in terms of what our expectations are by segment in terms of calendarization between Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Rich, it sounds just maybe just asking the margin longer-term margin guidance question directly, it sounds like we've talked a little bit about bridging the gap to what the old targets were for 2019, when do you think you're going to be in a position to either affirm or provide new margin guidance on a longer-term basis?
Richard Tobin: No, I think that what I alluded to before about coming out and doing let’s call it a Capital Markets Day for lack of better word about presenting something about capital allocation clearly as part of that it's going to be something about what we think about future margin performance is going to be. I just need some time to get it all sorted and I think it's important that we have a definitive answer in terms of the costs and the role forward about the actions that we’re going to be taking in the next 90 days as part of that presentation.
Joe Ritchie: Got it, that makes sense and following up maybe on that question earlier on asset intensity and running your assets harder, I'd be curious just based on your first few months on the job, how do you evaluate the level of investment that’s been made across the businesses and what and whether you have to make incremental investments in your assets to drive better productivity?
Richard Tobin: I think that the opposite. As you're aware, I think that the asset base of Dover is diverse, I think to be kind. So there is ample slack capacity throughout the group and even if you drove down that by operating coming in second and everything else. So I think that there is an amount of opportunity if we're talking about driving longer-term productivity of changing the profile of some of our industrial assets to make them less labor intensive over time. But I think that the payback on those investments will be solid. But it is very much a mixed bag between how old the assets are and whether they’re industrial assets or non-industrial in terms of their profile. So it's -- I'll just give you anecdotal comments but there are opportunities, if we're confident about the revenue streams going forward and the volume for some amount of automation that may require some amount of CapEx but quite frankly I don't think it's going to flex CapEx of revenue as a percentage of revenue demonstratively and I think that the payback will be satisfactory.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Helpful, if I could sneak one more in just on price cost. But just on price cost, it looks like you got in roughly $25 million or so price in the first half of the year, you're talking about $55 million or so of commodity inflation for the year, I'm just curious is the expectation in the back half of the year that price cost is going to be positive based on what you know today just completely offsetting or how are you guys thinking about it within the guide?
Richard Tobin: I think neutral is the best answer I can give you, I mean you got so much flex in mix going into the second half and a lot of comparable performance changes. Clearly, we didn't I think that DES in most of their industrial businesses did a great job in Q2 or some high value shipments but we got out the door quickly. So from a comparative basis, we're going to be really leaning on DFS in Q3 and really leaning on DFS and retail refrigeration from a comp basis in Q4 and because of retail refrigeration not retail refrigeration because of DFR being reliant upon Belvac in Q4 which are low shipments in number but very lucrative in terms of its margin profile.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Graham with BMO Capital Markets.
Scott Graham: So we've seen, in the past, facility consolidation issues. We've seen supply chain issues. These are, unfortunately, not new things. So what I'm wondering here is, as we look to slim down improved processes, what is the risk that 2019 becomes one of the -- those infamous transition years for you guys?
Richard Tobin: I don’t want it to be my transition. So I think the commitment of clearly from an execution point of view in DFS, I can't speak to the past. I can just speak to what we're dealing with right now; I think that we could have handled this better, right. I think that I'll put it in my lap; I know how to do that stuff. So I think that it's just a question of doing the preparation beforehand and executing on the plan. And just so I think also as I mentioned that we are going to be taking the industrial footprint but over the course of the next 18 months. And we may have targeted actions there but what I can assure you is, is that when we take those actions that will tell you upfront what the cost is going to be and what the timeline of the execution is and it's not going to be modeled in kind of on the run results.
Scott Graham: So it's entirely possible that, let's say, for example, the first half of next year could be a little, for lack of a better term, squishy off of what you're trying to do over the next 2018?
Richard Tobin: I'd like is it possible, I don't think so. I guess is my answer right I mean I think if it’s squishy let's take an example. If we want to intervene in 2019 on the industrial footprint of retail refrigeration for example, it would be squishy to the extent of there are some amount of redundant costs both in preparation for and working capital to prepare to make that transition. All right, but those are relatively known and easily measured right as opposed to having difficulty with the transition and not starting up appropriately where you're basically having difficulty executing on your backlog and then you get all of the frictional costs associated with that whether that is redundant labor significant overtime, freight expediting, paying supplier premiums, that part of it is execution and that's the part that while we may intervene on the industrial footprint, I think that the planning of that and our ability to demonstrate this is what it's going to cost and this is what the timeline, that part we'll fix.
Scott Graham: All right. That's very helpful. And let me just be sort of a -- maybe a little bit more near-term-oriented here with my sort of second question. You laid it out very clearly that you're leaning fairly heavily on DFS for Q3 and retail refrigeration for Q4. And, I guess, I would say -- and I know that you don't want to go back to the past, but we've kind of done this. We're relying on this thing in the past. And I'm just wondering, do you have sort of plan Bs in those areas or in other areas to make sure that you stay within the guidance range?
Richard Tobin: Well I mean we put the guidance out there and I can see that there's some pushback on the $4.85. So I think -- and I told -- what I said was the bias was to the upper end, right. So I think that we're trying to take into account all forecasts are associated with executing the business. Clearly, I think that the comp to comp in Q3 is going to be unexciting and it's going to be backend loaded, I don't see anything in Q4 that could swing the number significantly that wouldn't allow us to make it up, right. As I said it may be from a segmental point of view, it maybe puts and takes, I mentioned before we're ever reliant on Belvac shipments in Q4, if those get deferred into Q1, that's something that we're going to have to make up in DES or somewhere else. So we're again I’m taking that into account in terms of the movement of the total portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session for the day. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you. This concludes our conference call. With that, we want to thank you for your continued interest in Dover and look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s second quarter 2018 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-27 22:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Livingston - President and CEO Brad Cerepak - SVP and CFO Paul Goldberg - VP, IR
Analysts: Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Julian Mitchell - Barclays Andrew Obin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steve Tusa - JP Morgan Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Steve Winoker - UBS Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets Robert Barry - Susquehanna
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Dover's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Speaking today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, you may go ahead.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Jennifer. Good morning and welcome to Dover's first quarter earnings call. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's first quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with our 2018 guidance. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Dover's providing adjusted EPS results and pro forma EPS guidance that exclude after-tax acquisition related amortization. We believe reporting adjusted EPS on this basis better reflects our core operating results offers more transparency and facilitates easy comparability with peer companies. A full reconciliation between forecasted GAAP and adjusted measures, reflecting adjustments for aforementioned acquisition related amortization, as well as separation cost and the rightsizing costs, is included in our investor supplement. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 11 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 7788105. And before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Our first quarter performance reflects continued broad based strength in our industrial markets. We generated 4% organic growth and delivered margin improvement in three of our four segments. In particular, we had strong organic growth in environmental solutions, printing and identification, heat exchangers and our upstream energy businesses. A number of other businesses also turned into solid performances including Pumps, vehicle service equipment and industrial ventures. Retail fueling revenue was in line with their expectations whereas retail refrigeration was lower than expected reflecting tough comp in south market conditions. With regard to margin, we delivered 70 basis points of improvement year-over-year and expect further increases in coming quarters especially in fluids and refrigeration equipment. We performed well in engineer systems in energy. Refrigeration and Food equipment was below expectations on lower volume. Fluids margin were slightly off reflecting some temporary inefficiencies regarding our factory consolidation in Europe and all our teams have done a nice job this quarter, a pushing pricing through to offset material cost inflation especially for steel. We also had strong organic bookings in Engineer Systems and Fluids positioning these segments well as we move through the second quarter. The team made great progress on the spin off during the quarter and on May 9th Apergy will become a fully independent company. During the quarter, we also announced a management transition. Rich Tobin will begin his President and CEO on May 1st, I'm very pleased Rich has joined us and I'm excited to see him put his stamp on the company. Let me take a moment to cover several other things happening across the company. We have continued to make progress on our digital efforts, our remote monitoring and IOT solutions and retail fueling and environmental solutions have enabled us to win significant new business. We're actively developing several focused offerings to help our customers, manage cost and improved productivity. Our pipeline is developing nicely. We have bolt-on target companies in multiple areas that add either technology or in market presence which is complementary to our existing business. And lastly, we are well positioned to take advantage of the constructive global macro environment as most of our businesses are booking well and are poised to deliver solid organic growth this year. We had provided pro forma 2018 guidance, which excludes our upstream energy business. We expect solid revenue growth and strong EPS growth. Brad will now take you through the specifics of our first quarter performance and our guidance, and then I will come back for some closing comments.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Bob. Good morning, everyone. As I take you through the next few slides, please note there being presented inclusive of our upstream energy businesses. As Bob mentioned, our results reflect organic revenue and bookings growth in three out of the four segments. Leverage on this organic growth, combined with benefits of our productivity and cost initiatives, led to solid year-over-year improvement and adjusted margin. There are several highlights in the quarter; including broad based revenue and bookings growth in Engineered Systems, within Fluids, we had strong performance in our industrial pumps, pharma, and international retail fueling business, as well broad based bookings growth across the segment. And within Refrigeration and Food Equipment, we had strong growth in our heat exchanger and can-shaping business. In the quarter, we also experienced temporary operating efficiencies including parts availability issues in retail fueling and weaker than expected market conditions in retail refrigeration. From a geographic perspective, the U.S, Europe and China markets all grew year-over-year. Let's go through the details starting on Slide 3 of the presentation deck. Today, we reported first quarter revenue growth of 6%, which includes organic growth of 4% and 1% from acquisitions. Partially offsetting these results was a 3% impact from dispositions. FX provided a 4% benefit. Adjusted EPS increased 26% to $1.16. This result excludes acquisition related amortization cost, as well as costs associated with our previously announced right-sizing initiatives, and separation related costs. A reconciliation of adjusted EPS can be found in our investor supplement. Adjusted segment margin was 12.5%, a 70 basis point improvement over last year, primarily driven by incremental margin on increased organic growth. Bookings increased 4% overall. This includes 4% organic growth, which reflect strong results in Engineered Systems and Fluids of no excluding Apergy, organic bookings also increased 4%. Book-to-bill finished at 1.10 excluding Apergy, book-to-bill was 1.12. Our first quarter adjusted free cash flow was as expected, reflecting a slight increase in working capital and higher compensation payments. Overall, we are pleased with our continued progress on working capital. Specifically working capital as a percent of trailing 12 month in revenue was 17.5%, down 200 basis points from last year. Now let's turn to Slide 4. As previously mentioned 4% organic growth was driven by broad-based growth in both Engineered Systems and Energy. Fluids Organic revenue was essentially flat were industrial Pumps and international retail fueling was largely offset by U.S. E&P activity which came in soft as expected. Refrigeration and Food Equipment decrease 7% primarily on the combination of tough comps and lower capital spending in retail refrigeration markets. As seen on the chart, foreign exchange was a 4% benefit while dispositions impacted revenue 3%. Now, turning to Slide 5. Engineered Systems revenue was up 8% organically, reflecting broad-based growth. Adjusted earnings increased 15% over the prior year and adjusted margin was 15.3%, representing a 110 basis point improvement. These results reflect solid conversion on volume and the ability to mitigate increasing material cost through pricing. Our Printing and Identification platform revenue increased 4% organically, driven by continued solid activity in both marking and coding and digital print businesses. In the Industrial platform, revenue increased 10% organically, reflecting strong - very strong shipments in Waste Handling and broad based growth across other businesses. Bookings increased 6% overall, including organic bookings growth of 8%. Organic growth reflects continued solid activity across the segment. Book-to-bill was 1.01 for printing and identification, and a very strong 1.19 for industrials, and 1.11 overall. Now on Slide number 6. Fluids revenue increased 5%, including acquisition growth of 1% and 4% from FX. Organic revenue was flat, principally reflecting solid pump international retail fueling and pharma market offset by U.S. E&P activity. Adjusted earnings increased 7%, largely driven by volume growth. Adjusted margin increased 20 basis points to 10.2%. This performance reflects earnings on volume largely offset by temporary inefficiencies including supply chain shortages of components used in retail fueling. Of no, productivity will improve as a retail fueling factory consolidation is completed in the second quarter resulting in substantially improve margin on a sequential basis. Bookings activity was strong and grew 11% overall, including 6% organic growth. Organic bookings growth was broad based. Book-to-bill was a strong 1.13. Now let us turn to Slide 7, refrigeration of food equipment revenue organically declined 7%. The decline is largely driven by tough comps and weaker than expected capital spending in retail refrigeration. Last year we saw seasonally strong first quarter activity in front of the new DOV energy efficiency regulations. We knew that this volume wouldn't repeat in 2018, whereas our can-shaping and heat exchanger businesses performed very well in the quarter. Earnings decreased 13% from the prior year and large contracted 80 basis points reflected the impact of lower volume. Bookings decreased 14% organically largely reflecting softness in retail refrigeration market in order timing in can-shaping equipment. Book to bill was 1.01. Now on Slide 8, energies organic revenue increased 17% reflecting growth in U.S rig count and increased well completion activity and it includes continued solid results in our industrial winch business. Earnings and segment margin both significantly improved over last year. Bookings were up to 14% year-over-year. Book to bill finished at 1.03. As Bob mentioned, our Apergy business had a strong quarter with 22% organic growth. Going to the overview on Slide 9, our first quarter corporate expense included $12 million of separation cost and $1 million right sizing cost, excluding these cost corporate expenses was $29 million. Interest expense was $34 million. Our first quarter tax rate was 22.6% in line with expectations when excluding discrete benefits. In the first quarter, we completed $45 million of share repurchases as part of our previously announced $1 billion repurchase plan. Now moving on to Slide 10, which shows our updated 2018 guidance? Our updated guidance is presented on a pro forma adjusted basis, as discussed last quarter, we're adjusting for acquisition related amortization and right sizing cost and separation cost as incurred. Further updated guidance now excludes Apergy for the full year. Lastly, within our updated guidance bearing and compression which was part of our energy segment will be reported within fluids. And Tulsa Winch which was also part of the energy will be reported in Engineered Systems. Moving to the guide, we expect 2018 total revenue to increase 45%. Within this forecast organic revenue growth is expected to be 3% to 4%. Acquisition will add 1% and FX should add about 3%. Dispositions are expected to have a 3% impact. All segments are expected to grow organically. Further, we expected adjusted segment to improve about 50 basis points over 2017 to approximately 15.1% at the midpoint. In summary, we expect full year adjusted EPS of $4.70 to $4.85. Our guidance exclude second quarter costs related to the Apergy separation. Further this guidance represents an increase of approximately 15% over 2017 at the midpoint. With that, I will turn the call back over to Bob, for some final comments.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. Going forward the strong bookings in Engineered Systems and Fluids and are strong book to bill supports our organic revenue forecast. Additionally, we expect marking and coding, digital printing and waste handling to continue to perform very well. In Fluids, we expected another year of strong growth in our pumps and pharma businesses. We also expect bearings and compression to be solid and retail fueling to sequentially improve. In Refrigeration and Food Equipment, we expect continued and strong performance in heat exchangers and can-shaping equipment, while retail refrigeration will improve in the back half of the year as several customers step up the remodel activity. With regard to the second quarter, we expect both Engineered Systems and Fluids to deliver solid organic growth as they ship under strong order books. Retail refrigeration in second quarter will continue to be impacted by tough comps related to last year strong shipments and softer overall markets. We also expect to see improved margin on a sequential basis that all three segments especially at our fluids and refrigeration and food equipment segments. I believe that Dover is well positioned in 2018. In closing, I just want to say that it has been a great honor and pleasure to serve as Dover's CEO these past nine years and I would like to personally thank every Dover employee for contributing to our success. I wish you all well and I am sure you'll have continued success in the future. Now Paul let's do some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob, before we take questions I just want to remind everybody that if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow up, we'll be better able to handle the 18 analysts that are in queue right now. So with that Jennifer let's take the first question.
Operator: Your first question will come from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you, good morning everyone. Bob congrats on a good run; enjoy your retirement thanks for all your help over the years much appreciate it. Hey, I know you don't want to speak for Rich and you made the comment about him putting his stamp on things, but is it safe to assume that given that he's on the Board that this guy that we're getting today and the outlook we're getting today kind of conforms at his views of the world also?
Bob Livingston: He is not inherent of the guide providing today I can guarantee you that, Jeff. I think the forecast and the guide we have shared with you today with respect to I would say with respect to engineered systems reflects the very strong visibility we have for them in the second quarter. And I would also say the third quarter. With the fourth quarter, I think we are being a bit conservative with our outlook in engineered systems. And on fluids I will tell you, we didn't shared this in the comments, in the prepared comments here but we were very-very pleased with the order activity in retail fueling in the first quarter, especially as it build through the quarter, and have pretty strong confidence that we are going to see sequential both revenue and margin improvements in this platform and in this segment as we move through the year. It would be --I think the last thing I would want to do is Jeff as Rich is coming on board would be to raise guidance because I don't think it's necessary today. I think if there's going to be any change in guidance with respect to our strong activity I'm going to leave that for Brad and Rich to speak to you about on the July and the October call.
Jeff Sprague: Great, understood and then I just wonder if we could drill a little bit more in the refrigeration for a moment then obviously there's a lot of uncertainty among grocers in particular on CapEx they want to spend and what they want to spend on and that sort of thing. Can you just provide a little bit more detail what you're hearing from the channel? Do you see capital spend perhaps freeing up later in the year and is there any particular price cost dynamics that influenced the margins in refrigeration in the quarter?
Bob Livingston: So let me deal with the first one. I think there is a growing confidence that we have as a result of input and conversations we're having with customers that we will see increased spending capital spending in the second half of the year. But Jeff I will tell you it is going to be very-very much driven by remodel activity not new store construction. And without sharing the name of the customers, we have a couple of new customers that enter the order books in the second half of the year as well. So I feel pretty good with the outlook right now for refrigeration. Material and cost are pricing, I'll give you a response on refrigeration but I think it's just as important I give it for all of Dover. We entered the year with about $14 million of what we labeled as tailwind for 2018 what we thought we pricing - the tailwind we thought we have pricing above material and cost inflation, some of that has evaporated, Jeff. I think I'd get throughout the number $14 million on the January call and I would say our forecast right now and our guide assumes that $10 million of that $14 million has dissipated. But we have been much quicker this year than we were last year in pushing pricing through and many of our companies especially the larger users of steel have implemented price increases during the first quarter, we are taking orders now that have the new prices increases in them. And feel like we have got a much better start on covering the material cost inflation with our price increases this year than we did last year, across the border yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And I would like just congratulations Bob and wish you all the best. On the just looking at that slide in the appendix, you talk about the $0.05 of the EPS this year, coming from incremental share repurchase just wondered what sort of dollar number of buyback spending that tally too, and if there had been any change in the aspiration to spend the spin dividend all on buybacks this year?
Bob Livingston: Well, I'll give you a headline comment or response on that, and Brad can provide a bit more detail. So the nickel change in our guide with respect to share repurchases does assume that the dividend we received from Apergy spin will be fully allocated, 100% allocated to share repurchases in 2018. That said Julian, I will tell you the nickel increase on the guide is as conservative as we can make it with respect to the share repurchase activity. It does not assume an early ASR with respect to share repurchases; it is sort of feathered in our guide to occur during the balance of the year following the spin of Apergy. I will leave to Rich and to Brad and to the Board to make their final decision on how those shares repurchase activity actually occurs. But I'll repeat myself. The nickel could not be any more conservative on our share repurchase activity.
Brad Cerepak: So, let me just add I mean a couple of facts there, I guess our forecast is assuming about 140, 154.6 or so shares weighted average for the year. Remember the timing of the nickel is it could be done lots of different ways to Bob's point. But the power actually comes forward into - goes forward into 2019, where we see those shares, opening up 2019 in that 140, 145 million to 146 million type of share range on spending of that $700 million. So you have this carryover benefit going into 2019.
Julian Mitchell: Very helpful, thank you. And then my follow up would just be around the corporate cost, the guidance has gone up about $7 million I guess that's mostly costs that were in Apergy that are sort of stranded at the remainco for now. But I guess when you think about what that number should be feel revenue based excluding Apergy how much lower do you think that run rate should be than the $129 million? I guess the stranded costs would go away and then some of that base corporate cost also should be coming down because of the smaller revenue base?
Bob Livingston: Well, one of the right sizings we did last year, as you know and that's why we call it rightsizing, getting ready for the Apergy spin. You're correct that our previous guide I believe was one $122 million now $129 million. Little, almost $5 million of that I would say is this Apergy stranded cost that we've shown here in corporate. Of that $5 million we got to work through the details of that we have been working through the details some of it will go away a lot of it will go away into 2019 but some of it fixed infrastructure of a building for instance doesn't go away. But we're active on it. We're on top of it. We expect to continue to work it down and I would expect the corporate cost number to continue to come down a bit into 2019.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Obin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin: Yes, good morning. And Bob congratulations on your retirement and thanks for the hard work over the years. Just one question given all the macro concerns just wanted to drill into one of the businesses, drill down to one of the businesses, specifically on printing and IT. Could you provide more detail by geography and end-markets both on sales and what are you seeing on orders if you seeing signs of a slowdown in any specific market or any specific geography?
Bob Livingston: Okay. I don't have the detail with me, the geographic detail for printing and IT though I do know in the first quarter I know that order rates were extremely balanced around the globe. There was nothing unusual in growth rates on order activity in the first quarter that would raise any concerns, but I don't have the specific numbers. And order activity the answer is no. We have seen no sign; no evidence in our order book would actually speak just the opposite of your question that the order activity did build through the quarter. And we are booking at a fairly solid 2018 at Markem-Imaje and another double-digit growth rate in our digital print business.
Andrew Obin: And just a follow up on refrigeration and food equipment question, given sort of the weakness of organic orders in the first quarter you are saying that you are seeing pickup in orders, but basically the pickup on orders has to be a fairly substantial to get you to flat revenues for the segment for the year. How much uncertainty is there about the order pickup? Or do you actually have enough visibility at this point to feel comfortable with this forecast?
Bob Livingston: Well number one this business, let's speak to our retail refrigeration, Hill PHOENIX and Anthony. I would tell you that and our customers recognize this is that our lead times over the last I would say six months maybe nine months are significantly shorter than what we were dealing within I think it was in, help me here guys in 2016 and in the first half of 2017 as we were making so many changes there in the factories. So it's the short cycle nature of this business is very well recognized by our customers today. We have very strong input from customers with respect to anticipated spending in the second half and the new awards that I referenced or hinted to earlier those are not yet, I mean we're not waiting for those to be signed they have been awarded.
Andrew Obin: Fantastic thank you very much Bob and enjoy your retirement well deserved.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys, good morning, congrats as well. Congratulations to Mr. Livingston. So just on refrigeration the book-to-bill was good but not perhaps as strong as it's been historically in the first quarter because obviously this is a very seasonal business with 2Q and 3Q stronger than 1Q and 4Q. Should we expect you mentioned back half deliveries, should we expect a bit of a sub-seasonal performance in 2Q before maybe being a bit better seasonal in kind of three in 4Q. How should we just think about all - base in 1Q?
Bob Livingston: Yes I think you will see this year that the third quarter is a much stronger seasonal third quarter relative to the other three quarters of the year that we have historically shown. If you look back in history, many years the second quarter has been the strongest quarter, with the third quarter being strong but typically trailing a little bit behind the second quarter. I mean we see that being different issue. We see in the third quarter, June through September are being the strongest shipment period for this business in 2018. And right now we do expect the fourth quarter to show organic growth for the retail refrigeration part of the business. And again I'm going to reference the new awards that have been booked recently.
Steve Tusa: Right, okay. And as far as the margin guidance for that segment, I'm not sure you've given that specifically but maybe just some color on how you would expect for the year, its play out for Refrigeration?
Bob Livingston: Well, I can't, I don't have it by quarter Steve.
Steve Tusa: No, no, just for the year, just color for the year.
Bob Livingston: I think we're seating 100 bps of margin improvement for the year.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Even with the first quarter start being down?
Bob Livingston: Even with the first quarter start.
Operator: Your next question is from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks and congratulations Bob. So maybe touching on Steve question there for second on just refrigeration. So I want to make sure that I've got this right. The booking this quarter were down a lot but it sounds like the awards are have been booked, so just like or we're expecting this year?
Bob Livingston: No, no, I referenced two new customer wins. We have those contracts in house. But we don't have the releases yet and when they actually want the product shipped, but we do know there will be shipped in the second half of the year.
Joe Ritchie: So the awards will then be booked in your backlog sometime in 2Q or 3Q?
Bob Livingston: I would expect some of that to be flowing into Q2 and the balance of it in Q3, yes.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. That's good clarification. And then I may have missed the last comment you made on a 100 basis points on margin expansion. Are you guys talking about refrigeration specifically?
Bob Livingston: The segment.
Joe Ritchie: The segment.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. And that's start to pick up from Acadian perspective in 2Q?
Bob Livingston: Q2.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great. And then one question on EMV, you saw some softness this quarter. One of your large competitors talked about it last night as well. Maybe talk to it's a little bit about how you expect that to move forward for the rest of the year?
Bob Livingston: Well, Brad, you have to clarify if I'm speaking incorrectly here but I don't think our EMV activity in the first quarter was any differ than what we expected and my statement is true.
Brad Cerepak: That's true.
Bob Livingston: It is interesting that we did see in the first quarter and here you are going to get into the new launches of is it EMV or is it commercial actually normal commercial activity, the order rates were stronger in the first quarter then we had anticipated. Across the board for retail if we like it. And I see across the board, I'm not just referring to our U.S. market. We had stronger booking rates most notably in Asia, especially China and India in the first quarter, but also in Europe, across the board for retail fueling. The order rate increases we're seeing are actually for new dispensers. So, as we get into the second half of the year, we are - our confidence is growing that we are going to see increased EMV activity. But we also know especially as we saw in the fourth quarter of last year and even more so in the first quarter that was just completed, that some of the strong dispenser orders we're getting are for applications or for sites especially here in the U.S. that absent, the purchase of a new dispenser, we would be selling EMV kits. So, we've - we're actually quite pleased with the order activity we had in the first quarter and our confidence is growing that we're going to have a very solid year in retail fueling not just here in there U.S. but globally.
Operator: Your next question is from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you, good morning everyone. Hey, Bob I would have thought that you would have timed your farewell to include one last appearance at EPG, how did that does not happen?
Bob Livingston: I made a mistake.
Deane Dray: Alright, we'll toast you in your absence. Could we talk about the supply chain disruptions, factory consolidation issues in fluids in Europe, just give us a perspective on what is happened and you just try it will be completed in the second quarter, so will it still be disrupted in the second quarter?
Bob Livingston: So, it is within the fluid Segment, Deane, you're correct. But to be more specific it's actually within retail fueling. So we as part of integration plan and activity with Tokheim and Wayne, we are in the process of moving production from the Swedish factory which was the Wayne factory into the Dundee, Scotland factory which was the Tokheim-- is the Tokheim factory. And that move I believe actually believe it gets completed in two weeks. Am I right, Brad? Its May, I think it actually gets completed in two weeks. And the - we did incur some additional I would call it overtime and let's just call it move costs in February and March that frankly we didn't have in our forecast. With respect to the supply chain, I don't remember all four parts and it really was restricted to four components that we had some supply interruption with in January and February. I think two of them were fairly much resolved and behind this but a time we exited the first quarter. The other two are being resolved as we are on this stone right now Deane and will be a non-issue but a time we exit the second quarter. And I think you're going to see some fairly significant improvement in margins for this segment in the second quarter.
Deane Dray: Got it and then for the follow-up, in engineered systems the comment about industrial businesses having broad base growth beyond the highlighted waste handling business, can you just talk for a moment about these other businesses within industrial? They don't usually get much of your time, but maybe if you could touch on those here that'll be helpful?
Bob Livingston: Well again it was broad based; I think I did mention in the script that we saw very solid growth at vehicle services in the first quarter. And I called out industrial ventures which going forward will be in engineered systems, but it was broad based across each of the businesses and the industrial platform. That said I will tell you it was most, the Company that led that platform in growth rates and the first quarter was material handling, they did an outstanding job.
Operator: Your next question is from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys. Bob congratulations and good luck.
Brad Cerepak: Okay, you have two minutes, because I am leaving at 9:45.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay, I'll be quick then. So, Bob can you talk about the change in free cash guidance, just marginal to 10% from 10% to 11% but cash as you know came in a little late last year in terms of conversion. So and you could sort of read into around working capital movement or maybe just being a little bit more conservative at the start of the year?
Bob Livingston: Brad will give you some detail on this, but I look I - we have indicated this pretty strongly, every week, every month, every quarter. Working capital was down again as a percentage of revenue in the first quarter, I think you're going to continue to see that through the balance of the year. But working capital as an absolute dollar amount did increase in the first quarter as a result of some increased inventory and it's totally connected to growth rates. We had really strong growth rates and order rates and engineered systems and in fluids and some of the working capital absolute dollar working capital increase and in the first quarter, are in response to the growth rates. But again as a working capital metric, working capital came down. You want to clarify or add to that?
Brad Cerepak: Not clarify but I would add a few points, our first quarter, we characterize as expected slightly negative; splits between I'll call Dover and Apergy about the same levels meaning about 50:50. And again, if you look at five years trends, we're always somewhat little bit negative to low single-digits in the first quarter, that's traditionally, what we've seen in our first quarter, so nothing unusual there. With respect to last year, I'll just reiterate, when we looked at, last year we came in at about 9%, little over 9%. Again that splits about the same for both companies, so, going forward to 10% called now, I'd say early days, a little bit conservative perhaps but, we think it's a reasonable number as we now go forward on Dover basis ex Apergy. So, we feel like it's a good guide for us.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay, that's helpful color. And then obviously, - which might have a different view when he gets into the seat but, are there any more significant actions that you can take in refrigeration, if the weakness in the market persist, if it doesn't come back as you expect, can you do more restructuring in that business?
Bob Livingston: Well, number one, I'd tell you we haven't stopped. I don't remember the count, but I know that in the month of March and coming into the first part of April, there were additional right sizing steps taken, within Hill PHOENIX and Anthony. I don't remember the number but I think it was, gosh I think it was about a 110 employment positions that were reduced in March and early April. So we continue to, I think manage the business really well, and I will tell you the business leadership team at Hill PHOENIX and Anthony has done a very good job over the last couple of years. Relaying out the factories, reducing the factories footprint, and I think, I have a lot of confidence, we say little bit of volume growth here in the second half for the year, you're going to see pop in margins from this business that will reflect all of the work that this team has done over the last couple of years. I actually feel very positive about the work they've done.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Winoker with UBS.
Steve Winoker: Thanks and good morning, and congrats on your retirement Bob. So just you spoke about the M&A pipeline a bit and the richness of that right now, I guess the couple of questions there, one is to what extend is that a little bit on hold given leadership transition at all? And then secondly, Middleby, others have been very active we've seen a lot of closed deals in food equipment et cetera in the recent quarter, just give us a sense for whether that space is still a priority I suppose going forward, how do you think about it?
Bob Livingston: Well, let me correct something, you used the word richness. I didn't use that word. I think our pipeline is fairly active, it is absent at the current time, any significant or large deals, they're all fairly, I call them small to mid-size deals and they're all bolt-on and I would tell you that nothing has slowdown with respect to our pursuit of these opportunities over the last couple of months especially in the last few weeks as we've announced the transition with myself and Rich. And I think you'll hear more from Rich on this topic over the next couple or three quarters I am sure.
Steve Winoker: Okay. Fair comments. And on margins, those long-term margin targets is that in place, you've talked a little bit about it now, but just on the road map to those kind of 300 to 400 basis points for fluid and refrigeration and food equipment. What your sense of the kind of achievability in timing of that now?
Bob Livingston: I think we're in a good position to achieve those targets in engineered systems and in fluids. As I commented earlier with respect to refrigeration, we need to see this leadership team have a little bit of volume here in the second half of the year, pickup over the first half and I think you'll see those margins are achievable as well.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Graham with BMO Capital Markets.
Scott Graham: Hi, good morning and re-echo of everyone else, Bob, congratulations and good luck and really enjoy your retirement. I'm just - I'd like to go back and revisit that last question because I think it was a prefaced with a long term characterization. Those are 2019 targets right?
Bob Livingston: Correct.
Scott Graham: So you do feel that with the strong second half you can get to your refrigeration targets in 2019?
Bob Livingston: We're referring to the strong second half of 2018, we still have another year.
Scott Graham: Right, but there is I guess my broader question is there anything right now that you see and sounds like not but just to ask it directly where you won't at least hit the low end of those targets in 2019?
Bob Livingston: No, no. I feel very confident with the bow-end of this target.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. But maybe I inject something here because I want to make sure we're talking a lot about the back half here. I just want to maybe set something up here for a second. I want to go back; I know you don't have 2017 on a pro forma basis that will become -
Bob Livingston: Not yet.
Brad Cerepak: Not yet, but I'm actually going to give it to you right now. But we're going to file an 8-K after the spin and we'll provide all the restated data and you'll have that information. But in 2017 we did $4.15 on a comparable basis to our guide that we're guiding today on an adjusted pro forma basis. The way the year setting up, you think about this way, when you see 2017 you'll see the first half was 44% of our year, the back half was the delta 56%. This year setting up no different. It's -
Bob Livingston: It's actually identical.
Brad Cerepak: It's identical and so when you think about first half, second half and trajectory the business, yes, DR, FE we have some bookings that we expect in Q2 into Q3 which will make the back half better. By the way on food equipment same thing, we won a big piece of business even food equipment's been a challenging market. I'm talking about matching up with the well builds and Middleby, we feel really good about that business and we said this heat exchange your business is going to have an awesome year. And so we feel good about that. The last piece I would say just again you have this data it's coming out. Our first quarter, the way our first quarter on a pro forma ex-Apergy basis will look versus the $1.16 is $0.90. And we're right on pace where we want to be. Our guide hasn't changed; our guide paused for Dover ex Apergy hasn't changed. Our core growth is up 1% on the revenue side. Our segment margin expectation guide to guide on a pro forma basis hasn't changed. There's a little bit of a change in corporate that we talked about, offset by a little bit of interest savings as we paid down the $350 million of debt due in the first quarter. And a little bit of benefit on tax and shares. And that's how our guide sets up. So we're really sitting here today with fundamentally the first quarter as we expected the mix shift is different within the segments. And the trajectory of the business feels good to us.
Bob Livingston: And I echo that strongly.
Scott Graham: Brad that was usually helpful thanks you. I do want to maybe just go back and maybe try to understand price cost where you said that about $10 million of your $14 million, which I assume was positive price cost if I remember that correctly that is $4 million left and you're out there increasing prices so I need to triangulate here a little bit because first quarter inflation certain commodities obviously the metals complex was pretty significant. So are you saying that you are $4 million positive price cost on an annualized basis today?
Bob Livingston: Yes, without further inflation, yes.
Scott Graham: So then your price increases will make you price cost positive in 2018?
Bob Livingston: Slightly, slightly.
Scott Graham: Very good, thanks, that's all I had.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, impacts the margin rate a bit but yes, marginally price positive again. Again, as Bob said, we got ahead of the curve on this and that's where we still see ourselves at this point.
Bob Livingston: And it was different than what we experienced last year. I would say across the board here in Dover, the price increases, they weren't all done on the same day, but the companies all pursue this during their first quarter and we feel fairly comfortable with the position we are with respect to pricing as it exist today for the second or third quarters.
Scott Graham: Very good. I appreciate your comprehensive responses there and again good luck to you, Bob.
Operator: Your final question is from Robert Barry with Susquehanna.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I will also conclude with echoing the congrats to Bob. Good luck. Just a few follow-ups at this point, on the inefficiencies in retail fueling can you say how much that cost you in the quarter? And was that also a revenue headwind because you couldn't ship?
Bob Livingston: It was a slight revenue headwind. I don't want to make a big deal of the additional revenue but I mean it may have been. It may have been $5 million, $6 million or $7 million, it wasn't a game changer. It did cause us to incur some additional cost on express freight and some overtime.
Robert Barry: Got it. Got it. And following up on something Brad said earlier about feeling particularly good about Food Equipment business those lines up well build and Middleby. I know that's been kind of challenging for a little while is that - do you think that end market there is finally starting to show some traction?
Bob Livingston: I would say it's spotty. I think with some customers - we see some customers buying that or buying more that they were last year, but I would say it's not broad based. We're actually looking at growth within this part of the business for the year. But it's all around special projects and special orders. And I would also tell you they are all on the books. We have the orders in house. But we see a fairly good growth rate in this part of the business in the second half of the year.
Robert Barry: Got it. Just one last kind of big picture question. Are you guy hearing anything from customers about using past savings or new depreciation rules to step up investments at this point?
Bob Livingston: We keep asking that question internally as well. And it's difficult. It's difficult to pin in order to the taxable changes.
Robert Barry: Got it. So not clear yet that it's helping?
Bob Livingston: Correct
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for his closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Yes. So this concludes our conference call. With that, we thank you for your continued interest in Dover. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks again for your interest. Bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's First Quarter 2018 Dover Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Livingston - President and CEO Brad Cerepak - SVP and CFO Paul Goldberg - VP, IR
Analysts: Andrew Obin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Christopher Belfiore - UBS Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets Scott Davis - Melius Research John Inch - Deutsche Bank Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2017 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning and welcome to Dover's fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today's call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's fourth quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with a discussion of our 2018 guidance. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Beginning with our 2018 guidance, Dover will provide adjusted EPS guidance and results, that will exclude after-tax acquisition related amortization. We believe reporting adjusted EPS on this basis better reflects our core operating results, offers more transparency and facilitates easy comparability with peer companies. A full reconciliation between forecasted GAAP and forecasted adjusted measures, reflecting adjustments for aforementioned acquisition related amortization, as well as carryover rightsizing costs, is included in our investor supplement. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our web site dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 13 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our web site for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 7790239. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our web site, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I am pleased with our fourth quarter performance, which reflects strong global markets, resulting in broad based revenue growth and solid margin improvement at each segment. In particular, we had strong organic growth in Pumps, Waste Handling, Food Equipment and at our well site business. A number of other businesses also turned in solid performances, including marking and coding, vehicle service equipment and bearings and compression, resulting in organic growth of 8% in the quarter. Our organic growth in the quarter and for the full year, I believe, illustrates the strength of our portfolio. In all, our team's focus and execution resulted in a solid quarter, while also making significant progress on the Wellsite spin-off, right-sizing and several other commercial and investment initiatives. Our right-sizing initiatives in the quarter were important, to align Dover's cost structure with its size post spin. These right sizing actions are expected to deliver $55 million of benefits in 2018. I am also happy with the progress we have made towards transitioning to a more focused portfolio, with strong platforms and attractive markets. We are firmly on track to achieve our three year revenue and margin targets, which we outlined at our investor meeting last June. We delivered strong organic growth, and increased adjusted margin over 150 basis points in 2017, and are positioned to deliver further growth in margin expansion in 2018. In conjunction with our portfolio shaping activities, we have continued to build our platforms with two highly synergistic deals which were recently closed. These deals, while not large in scale, are margin accretive and enable us to expand the scope of our offerings and become a more important supplier to our customers. As we enter 2018, I am excited with our position. The global macro environment is expected to be constructive, leveraged by tailwinds from our productivity and cost initiatives and from U.S. tax reform. In 2018, we were expecting solid revenue growth, strong EPS growth, and another year of strong free cash flow. Our outlook is supported by continued commitment to our strategy, with a strong focus on margin expansion. I am very proud of the entire Dover team and want to thank them for their hard work and effort, as they continue to focus on serving our customers. Brad will now take you through the specifics of our fourth quarter performance and 2018 guidance, and I will come back at the end for some closing thoughts.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Bob. Good morning everyone. As Bob mentioned, we had a solid fourth quarter. We achieved organic growth in all segments and had bookings growth in three out of the four segments. Leverage on this organic growth, combined with benefits of our productivity and cost initiatives, led to strong year-over-year adjusted margin improvement. There were several highlights in the quarter; including broad based revenue and bookings growth in Engineered Systems, strong performance in Fluids, including broad based bookings growth; continued organic growth and significant year-over-year margin improvement, in refrigeration and Food Equipment, and lastly, strong revenue and bookings growth in Energy. Also from a geographic perspective, the U.S. and China markets had strong organic growth year-over-year. Let's start on slide 3 of the presentation deck; today, we reported fourth quarter revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 13%. Organic growth of 8% was complemented by acquisition growth of 6%. Partially offsetting these results, was a 3% impact from dispositions. FX provided a 2% benefit in the quarter. Adjusted EPS increased 49% to $1.13. This result [ph] exclusive costs associated with our previously announced right-sizing initiatives, as well as Wellsite separation related costs, which were both as expected. It also excludes net benefits from dispositions, benefits from the Tax Cuts Jobs act, and benefit from a reduction to a previously recorded product recall reserve. A full reconciliation of adjusted EPS can be found in our investor supplement. Adjusted segment margin was 14.4% in the quarter, a 210 basis point improvement over last year, primarily driven by incremental margin on increased volume. Bookings increased 13% to $2 billion. This increase is comprised of 8% organic growth and acquisition growth of 7%, partially offset by a 3% impact from dispositions and reflect strong growth in Engineered Systems, Fluids and Energy. Book-to-bill finished at 0.98. Overall, our backlog increased 15% to $1.2 billion. On an organic basis, backlog increased 10%. Adjusted free cash flow was strong, at $303 million in the quarter, up 26% over last year. For the full year, we generated $703 million of adjusted free cash flow, representing 9% of revenue. While our fourth quarter was strong, we fell short of our full year plan, primarily a result of robust December shipments, which increased receivables in the month. Overall, we are pleased with the progress we have made on working capital this year. Working capital as a percent of revenue was 16.4%, down 280 basis points from last year. Now turning to slide 4; organic growth was broad-based. Engineered Systems grew 8%, driven by solid activity across both platforms. Fluids Organic revenue increased 4%, principally driven by strong activity in our industrial Pumps and pharma and hygienic businesses. Refrigeration and Food Equipment increased 1% and Energy grew 23% organically. As seen on the chart, total acquisition growth was primarily driven by 20% growth in Fluids. Now on slide 5; Engineered Systems revenue of $667 million was up 8% organically, reflecting broad-based growth. Adjusted earnings increased 9% over the prior year and adjusted margin was 15.7%, representing a 20 basis point improvement. These results primarily reflect volume leverage, partially offset by some material cost inflation. Our Printing and Identification platform revenue increased 3% organically, driven by continued solid activity in our marking and coding business. In the Industrial platform, revenue increased 12% organically, reflecting strong shipments in Waste Handling and robust activity in our vehicle service equipment businesses. Bookings increased 6% overall, including organic bookings growth of 9%. Organic growth reflects solid activity across the segment. Book-to-bill was 1.04 for printing and identification, only 1.0 for industrials due to very strong shipments, and 1.02 overall. Now on slide 6; Fluids revenue increased 26% to $610 million, including acquisition growth of 20% and 4% organic growth. Organic growth was primarily driven by strong performances in our industrial pump and hygienic and pharma platforms. Adjusted earnings increased 61%, largely driven by volume growth, including acquisitions and productivity gains, especially at retail fueling. Volume leverage and ongoing retail fueling integration drove an adjusted margin improvement of 320 basis points, up to 15.2%. Of note, we have recently begun setting up pre-production runs in advance of consolidating retail fueling production facilities in Europe. This consolidation and others in retail fueling, will greatly improve margin of this business going forward. Bookings grew 34%, including 9% organic growth. Organic bookings growth was most prevalent in our Pumps and hygienic and pharma platforms. Book-to-bill was 1.01. Now let's turn to slide 7; Refrigeration and Food Equipment's revenue of $377 million included organic growth of 1%. The organic increase was largely driven by the expected strong activity in our can-shaping business within Food Equipment. Refrigeration results reflected the anticipated fourth quarter softness in our retail refrigeration markets, as well as some customer rationalization. Adjusted earnings increased 34% from the prior year and adjusted margin expanded 300 basis points. These results primarily reflect the favorable business mix and significant productivity improvements. Bookings decreased 3% organically, largely due to reflecting tough comps in our retail refrigeration business. Certain customers had ordered ahead of regulatory changes that went into effect in early 2017, which had the effect of softening back half in Q4 trends. Book-to-bill was 0.85. Now moving to slide 8; Energy revenue increased 24% to $364 million, reflecting growth in the U.S. rig count and increased well completion activity, include continued solid results in bearing and compression, which grew 3%. Adjusted earnings were $49 million and adjusted segment margin was 13.4%, both significantly improved over last year. These results were largely driven by strong volume growth. Bookings were up 18% year-over-year. Book-to-bill finished at 0.98. As Bob mentioned, our Wellsite businesses had a strong quarter, with 31% organic growth and grew 34% organically for the full year. Further, we had made significant progress on the spend and fully expect to complete the transaction in May. We expect our end markets to continue to improve, and are excited about our prospects as an independent company. Now going to the overview slide; number 9; our fourth quarter corporate expense included $16 million of right-sizing and other costs and $14 million of Wellsite related separation costs. Excluding these costs, corporate expense was $35 million, a little higher than expected. Interest expense was $35 million. Our fourth quarter tax rate, included a benefit of $51 million from the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs act. The benefit was primarily derived from the revaluation of deferred tax liabilities, offset in part, by a U.S. tax charge for deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. Excluding the impact of the tax act and other discrete benefits of $10 million, our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 24.1%. This rate reflects a favorable mix of geographic earnings. For the full year, the effective tax rate was 27.1%. For the fourth quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares for $105 million, as part of our previously announced $1 billion repurchase plan. We expect to complete the plan later in 2018, utilizing the dividend received from Wellsite. Moving on to slide 10; please note our 2018 EPS guidance is presented on an adjusted basis. Starting this year, we will be adjusting for acquisition related amortization and right-sizing costs and Wellsite separation costs as incurred. Acquisition related amortization was $0.86 in 2017, and is expected to be $0.93 in 2018. The delta between the years is primarily driven by changes in the tax rate. Moving to the guide; we expect 2018 total revenue to increase 3% to 5%. Within this forecast, organic revenue growth is forecasted to be 5% to 7%. FX should add about 1%, and dispositions are expected to have a 3% impact. All segments are expected to have solid organic growth. The specific rates could be seen on the slide. Our forecast for corporate expense is $122 million and interest expense is expected to be about $130 million. The tax rate is forecasted to be 22% and 23%, four to five points lower than the normalized 2017 rate. This improvement is driven by the tax act. Our forecast for CapEx is 2.4% of revenue and full year free cash flow is expected to be between 10% and 11% of revenue. Further, we expect adjusted segment margin to improve about 110 basis points over 2017 to approximately 15.3%. In summary, we expect full year EPS to be $5.73 to $5.93. This represents an increase of 19% over 2017 on an adjusted basis at the midpoint. Our guidance does not include any 2018 costs related to the Wellsite separation. With that, I will turn the call back over to Bob, for some final comments.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. As expected, 2017 proved to be an exceptionally busy year for Dover. During that time, we have remained highly focused on the three year goals we shared at our Investor Day in June. For the period of 2017 through 2019, we communicated our targets to be 4% to 6% organic growth on an annual basis and cumulative adjusted margin expansion of 350 to 450 basis points. Although we know, there is still much to be done, I am pleased with the progress we made in 2017. On the revenue side, we performed very well against the three year plan, generating 8% organic growth. Every segment hit their organic revenue plan. I would also plan to like out, that the businesses that propelled our growth in 2017 remained strong in 2018. Namely, marking and coding, digital printing, and Waste Handling are all set up to have a strong year within Engineered Systems. In Fluids, we expect another year of strong growth in our Pumps and hygienic and pharma businesses. Refrigeration and Food Equipment should once again deliver steady growth, and our Energy businesses are well positioned for double digit growth. Looking forward, we expect E&P related activity to be slow in the first half with tough comps, driven by the compliance date delay we have previously discussed. We also expect retail refrigeration's first half to be impacted by tough comps related to last year's strong shipments in advance of regulatory changes. We are forecasting organic growth of 5% to 7% in 2018, a full point above the target in our three year plan, and we are confident we will deliver. In 2017, adjusted segment margin improved more than 150 basis points, and we are on pace towards our three year target range. With respect to margins; in Engineered Systems, we fell a little short of our 2017 target, primarily due to significant material cost inflation. We feel better about price costs as we enter 2018 and are also forecasting reduced investment as compared to a heavy investment year in 2017. In Fluids, commercial excellence programs, productivity, and our retail fueling integration have been and will remain the main drivers of margin enhancement. Refrigeration and Food Equipments margin grew nicely in 2017 on improved productivity, especially within retail refrigeration, and we expect further progress in 2018. And finally, Energy's strong margin growth is primarily as the result of volume leverage, which we expect to continue in 2018. In total, we expect more than 100 basis points of margin improvement in 2018, and our teams are aligned around achieving this goal. In closing, I feel that Dover is exceptionally well positioned in 2018. Our markets are healthy, and we have tailwinds from U.S. tax reforms and our right-sizing initiatives. We expect to deliver a very strong year in terms of EPS growth, and will remain disciplined with respect to capital allocation. We will return cash to shareholders by completing our $1 billion share repurchase, and by raising our dividend for the 62nd straight year. And we will continue to expand and enhance our platforms through margin accretive bolt-on acquisitions, and investing in organic growth. Now Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. Before we take the first question, I'd just like to remind the listeners, if you can limit yourselves to one question with a follow-up, we have a lot of people in queue, and we will be able to hear more questions. So with that Crystal, if we could have the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just a question; earlier in the year, you highlighted smaller acquisitions, something you haven't done before. Can you just comment why all of a sudden, you are putting out press releases on these smaller deals and brought on capital allocation going forward, given Wellsite, and now that we have visibility on taxes, how should we think about capital allocation going forward?
Bob Livingston: So your first question about press releases, is that --
Andrew Obin: Yeah. You are highlighting smaller deals, which I don't think you have done in the past?
Bob Livingston: We just thought they were important to announce Andrew. I mean, there is nothing magical about it.
Andrew Obin: And how should we think about capital allocation going forward?
Bob Livingston: Let's stay first with the share repurchase program that we announced in the fourth quarter, and I think we will have the bulk of that completed by the time we complete the spin in May of Wellsite. We sit here today. I do not have anything significant in our acquisition pipeline, that we would expect to close on, in the first five or six months of 2018. If 2018 does prove to be a light year with respect to M&A activity, I think it's very reasonable to expect the board and I to have further discussions around share repurchases for the second half.
Andrew Obin: Terrific. And just a follow-up question on revenue outlook; lot of companies sort of don't seem to indicate impact of tax reform on demand in their revenue outlook? Where do you guys stand about potential upside to revenue from the tax reform?
Bob Livingston: Yeah, it's not in our guide. I think I am probably giving a simpler response that you have heard or will hear during this earnings season from other capital good manufacturers. When you look around the Dover portfolio, about 30% of our revenue was recurring. The remaining 70% -- Andrew, I would tell you that about 80% of that remaining 70% is either capital goods or components we manufacture that go into capital goods. And a significant percentage of that 80% is U.S. based. In fact, I think our earnings split for 2017 was 60% domestic and 40% non-domestic, am I right on that number?
Brad Cerepak: That's close. Right.
Bob Livingston: And I think -- we will watch two or three areas for a pick-up in capital goods activity that could be a response to the tax act, and we will see it. And the industrial platform of Engineered Systems, I think we will see it in retail fueling, and perhaps as well in refrigeration, especially the Hillphoenix and Anthony business.
Andrew Obin: Thanks a lot Bob.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Winoker with UBS.
Christopher Belfiore: Good morning. This is Chris on for Steve. Just wanted to kind of get a little bit more color on refrigeration. So could you provide some color on the split of the mix versus productivity in the 300 basis points of adjusted margin expansion? And with regard to that, how far along you think you are in adjusting the model? And the factory performance there, and then for the year kind of going into next year, where do you think margins in region like -- what's the optimal kind of organic growth rate, within that 3% to 4% side?
Bob Livingston: So I don't have the detail on the margin improvement question you've asked. I would say, the lion's share of the margin improvement is productivity initiatives. But I can't give you specific numbers or specific percentage. But productivity has been a big part of it. But we have also been -- this business was probably earlier than some of our other businesses in 2017 to push some price increases through, as a result of the material inflation. I think that helped. But we have also done a fair amount, sort of around the edges. Nothing major, but fair amount of work around the edges to exit some product areas that I would just label it as underperforming historically and coming to a conclusion that we weren't able to improve the margins to where we want it to be. And I don't know what that number is, I don't remember that number. But could be as much as $40 million of revenue in 2017 that we exited.
Brad Cerepak: And another $40 million to $50 million in 2018.
Bob Livingston: In 2018 that we have exited, just because we didn't like the margin profile.
Christopher Belfiore: Okay. And then, just quickly on just the EMV adoption within retail skewing. How much of that was full dispenser replacement versus just the payment?
Bob Livingston: I don't have that data. In 2017, the bulk of our EMV activity as we have reported in the past, was in the first half of the year. We continue to see some activity in the second half, but nowhere near what we saw in the first half. We are taking a pretty cautious approach to the 2018 guide. I would say that, the 2018 guide has less EMV activity, pure EMV activity in the guide than we actually experienced in 2017, and I will repeat myself, I think that's cautious and conservative. We do believe that the EMV activity will begin to pick up in the second half, and we will provide further cover on that activity on the April and the July call, and my hope is, is that it gives us an opportunity to raise our guide as we move through the year.
Christopher Belfiore: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good day everyone.
Bob Livingston: Good day Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: First question Bob, actually just it might be multi-part, but this goes on kind on some of the guidance dynamics here. First, you stated that the guidance excludes Wellsite one-off costs, but I am wondering does it kind of fully reflect the total cost of what we will have, when there is two companies? In other words, just the restructuring you are doing, getting at what we -- for a lack of a better term, maybe call it the stranded costs that would be graded when you expanded [ph] the new company? And then, just secondly on the guidance too, I was wondering that $0.28 to $0.26 for commercial and product investment, never really seen that called out before, I certainly don't recollect. That's a big number. What actually is that?
Bob Livingston: Okay, well let me deal with the first question. The right-sizing activity in the fourth quarter -- let me give you a number there as well. I think our right-sizing in the fourth quarter Brad, were what, $45 million, $46 million, something like that, and there is some carryover that's in our guide for 2018, for right-sizing costs. I think the number is about $11 million Jeff, and the bulk of that -- I am not going to say 100% of it, but I think the bulk of that will occur in the first quarter. And then on top of that, we have another $12 million -- $10 million or $12 million of restructuring costs planned for 2018, that I would label is just normal on ordinary recurring type of activity that you have seen us tackle in the past few years. With respect to the final separation of Wellsite from Dover, there is going to be some stranded costs that we will have to deal with. We will deal with it at the time of the spin or slightly thereafter. But it is pretty modest, Jeff. Brad, is it $4 million, $3 million?
Brad Cerepak: As reflective of the activities we have been taking, we have narrowed it down to about $3 million to $5 million. Still looking at more ways to reduce the stranded costs inside Dover. Jeff, keep in mind that, when Wellsite goes, the easiest way to think about this is, so does all the segment of DE Energy, the segment costs. Soma and his team and the costs they incur at the segment level, go with the spin. So that in essence is taken care of through the spin activity. They will have to add incremental costs above that number, as a new public company, we say 35. But in reality, it's a smaller piece, because the segment already is staffed up than 35. I hope that helps.
Jeff Sprague: That does help. And then on that -- in the bridge item, that commercial and product investment buckets there?
Bob Livingston: That may be a change with respect to our external communication. But Jeff, I wouldn't look at it as something new within Dover. There is a fair amount of investment we are looking at in 2018 for -- well I call it commercial facing activity --
Brad Cerepak: Including digital.
Bob Livingston: Including our digital activity. And we do have a fair amount of projects around Dover in 2018 for productivity, which we have a tendency to support, not only with people assigned to productivity, but with capital. But I wouldn't look at it as a different activity, it is a slight change in how we present it.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. And then just one other one, and I will move on. Just back to Energy; so it looks like we -- I am assuming this margin, which is nice year-over-year but down sequentially, reflects some moderation in actually drilling activity, and we are starting to get the ducks quacking, so to speak, confusion activities.
Bob Livingston: I wish the duck for quacking more Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Yeah. Can you just kind of walk us through what's happening?
Bob Livingston: I would tell you that, we probably saw two things in the fourth quarter within Energy, within Wellsite, that were a little bit different than we expected going into the quarter. Drilling activity was a bit reduced, especially in November and December, relative to our early in the quarter expectations. And I think the best market indicator there to sort of coalesce with is -- the rig count activity was, I would label it as a bit flattish in the fourth quarter, and we expected a little bit more growth. The second item is with respect to well completion activity. We did not see the pull-through in our rod lift business to the degree we thought we would. And on the flipside, we saw more ESP pull-through than we had planned, and there is a margin difference between those two technology offerings, Jeff. ESP operating margins are probably five to six points less than rod lift, and I would say, the overall cover with many of our customers -- we heard many comments that my CapEx budget is done for the year during November and the early part of December. To provide a little bit more cover on that, I would tell you that, activity here in January has been quite strong. Rig count activity has been up, and in fact the rig count increase -- I think it was last week, 15, 16, 17 unit increase last week, I believe was the largest weekly increase in rigs in this recent upturn. But the drilling activity is picking up, it's a little bit ahead of our plan for January, and our artificial lift business is on plan.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys, good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning Steve.
Steve Tusa: Hey, what's the -- the tax rate on the amortization add-back looks a little bit higher than what you guys are kind of guiding to for the go forward, what's the difference there?
Brad Cerepak: We are using a tax rate based on the jurisdiction of which the amortization -- the statutory rate in the jurisdiction of which that amortization is incurred. In other words, you think about it, we did acquisitions in different parts of the globe, and we are applying this statutory rate on a blended basis across each of those.
Steve Tusa: Okay. So that's not going to change with tax reform?
Brad Cerepak: No.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then, free cash flow, still pretty solid, but a little bit light of what we were expecting. It looks like there was, we don't have the details yet, but perhaps some working capital. Can you just talk about what your assumptions are there going forward? Is this just a little bit of a working capital build on the back of better volumes? I think you guided to 11 or 13 or something like that, so just curious on the free cash flow front?
Brad Cerepak: No, no, no. Don't take the 13%. We got into 10% to 11%.
Steve Tusa: No you had -- I think you had -- we were expecting something a little bit higher this year, specifically?
Bob Livingston: Actually, I was a little disappointed with the outcome for the year on our cash flow. It was a bit disappointing to not hit the 10% number Steve. But two things, you sort of tried give me an answer that working capital maybe was going up. Actually, let me tell you, working capital for Dover in 2017, we lowered it a 140 basis points year-over-year. What we did see in the fourth quarter was December revenue was much stronger than we would normally anticipate when you look at past years. And we typically get a little bit, I would call it receivable liquidation during December, and with the strong revenue in December, that did not happen. I think for the most part, I would tell you that cash collections were not really the problem, even though we didn't liquidate draw-down receivables in December. But I think we had a little bit more of an outflow in a couple of areas than we had expected. CapEx spending was a little bit higher in the fourth quarter than we had planned, and I think we would tell you now, that maybe our -- not maybe, our outflow on tax payments could have been lower than the payment we make. And I think even making those adjustments would get us really close to 10% but not over.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then lastly, any price costs, headwinds in your guidance for 2018, steel and like that?
Bob Livingston: That's a good question.
Steve Tusa: Thanks for that.
Bob Livingston: Our material cost dynamic versus price in 2017, we actually had a negative headwind of almost $15 million in 2017. The bulk of that was -- I think all of it was in the first three quarters of last year. As we look at 2018, given the current material costs and the pricing actions we took in the second half of 2017, we see that flipping. We see a $13 million to $15 million tailwind in our guide on material versus price.
Brad Cerepak: That's all-in bulk price.
Bob Livingston: Yeah, that's all in.
Steve Tusa: Great. Okay. Thanks guys.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Bob Livingston: Good morning Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey Bob, [indiscernible] expand on the comment in refrigeration when you said you saw and had some customer rationalization. Just kind of expand what was going on there and maybe size the impact if you could?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So it was actually happening throughout the year. This wasn't just a fourth quarter activity. I think in the first quarter of last year, we said no to about $20 million worth of business within retail refrigeration that we just weren't happy with the margins on. And getting the feel like we could improve them to the point where it would be constructive to our margin targets for this segment. In the fourth quarter we actually divested, was it in -- yeah, it was in the fourth quarter we divested a small business, glassdoor business in China that we have been working very diligently to improve the margins and grow it and just have not been successful. So we divested it in the end of fourth quarter. And I also believe in the fourth quarter, we shut down our aftermarket service business in Canada, that I don't remember the revenue number there Brad, but it was about $10 million. And I believe, the glassdoor business in China, Deane, was also about $10 million. A little bit here to a little bit there, but they were the three major items. But all in total, it was about $40 million.
Deane Dray: And is that -- do you have more in store for the first quarter? Or has that run its course?
Bob Livingston: I would say that it has run its course.
Deane Dray: Okay. And then on the Energy side, just last question for me, can you clarify whether some of the uptick in the Energy was the recovery from the hurricane dislocations that you saw in the third quarter, it was -- I think you had sized it like $0.04 in the third quarter, did that all get recouped here in the fourth quarter?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So the $0.04, in my recalling, the $0.04 was a preliminary number that I provided, I think in mid-September. That was sort of the risk we were seeing at the time. I think when we actually closed the third quarter, the guys, the business teams had done a tremendous job in closing the gap, and I believe we felt -- at the end of the quarter, we were only a penny off, because of the hurricane. So I wouldn't label much activity in the fourth quarter as being a carryover from the storm interruption in the third quarter.
Deane Dray: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hi. Good morning guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning Scott.
Scott Davis: Can we just refresh our memories a little bit or refresh my memory I should say, on Pumps. How much of that business goes for distribution versus direct? And I guess part of the question I am getting at is that, the growth you saw, is there some restocking going on that, folks want to make sure they are geared up for higher operating rates?
Bob Livingston: No. So within Pumps, and I am including our PSG business our [indiscernible] business and our hygienic and pharma. Maybe 60% of it is through distribution, the balance of it being direct to the end user or an integrator. No, your question about restocking, I actually believe that the bulk of that restocking activity, we saw in the second and third quarter. I think what we saw in the fourth quarter and what we expect here in 2018 is true end market pull.
Scott Davis: Right. Okay, that's helpful. And then I don't think you said this, and if you did, excuse me. But can you just give us a bit of a walk around in the world, I mean, where you saw strengths and weaknesses globally versus your model?
Bob Livingston: For the fourth quarter?
Scott Davis: Yeah. For the fourth quarter.
Bob Livingston: I would say that China and the U.S. market activity was a bit stronger than we anticipated. In fact Scott, it was interesting, organic growth in the U.S. in the fourth quarter was a little better than 10%. We saw good organic growth, double digit in China, and in Europe, we saw flat. It was relatively flat versus the fourth quarter of 2016. But I would give our business teams a little color on that, by pointing out that the fourth quarter of 2016, we had some pretty healthy, I call them project shipments in Europe in the fourth quarter of 2016. But almost 11% of the U.S. was a little bit stronger than we anticipated.
Scott Davis: Interesting. Okay. Very good. Thank you. I will pass it on.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Inch of Deutsche Bank.
John Inch: Hi everyone.
Bob Livingston: Good morning John.
John Inch: Hi Bob, and Brad and Paul. I am coming up to about $4 on Dover Remainco under the old accounting. So excluding -- or including the amortization, excluding Wellsite. Is that -- Brad, is that about the number? And if so, in terms of your guidance for 2018, what kind of a growth rate would that represent Trying to understand sort of how you are guiding your EPS or your thought process around EPS kind of on the apples-to-apples basis, ex-Wellsite?
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. Well I guess I would start by saying, you can anticipate that we will provide clarity on that in the April call, as we get closer to the spin date in May. I would say though, keep in mind, that as Wellsite comes out, the two things I would point out, that the model you would expect when we get to April. One is, is that our forecast or our guidance for 2018, does not include the current thinking around the buyback that we will do, once we receive the cash --
Bob Livingston: The dividend.
Brad Cerepak: The dividend. So the stock will be bought back in that May timeframe, once we receive the dividend. And then secondly, just to give you a little bit of a sense of what direction it goes in. Wellsite is mostly a U.S.-based earner and so the tax rate for us will probably move closer to the low end of the range and they will be slightly above the range we gave. And so that will have implications to your modeling as well. That's probably about all I would comment on at this point, put aside, waiting for April.
John Inch: All right. So Wellsite, just to recap, when you said Wellsite, it's going to have a higher tax rate, and the Remainco businesses are going to have a lower tax rate, I am sorry, is that what you said?
Brad Cerepak: That's what I said.
John Inch: In the range? Okay.
Brad Cerepak: I'd say on the amortization line, because we now start to report that way. If you think about the amortization, we said $0.93 -- amortization related to Wellsite within that $0.93 is roughly $0.23, $0.24.
John Inch: Okay. Good, that's helpful. In the quarter, just a good look at the quarter for a second, I think your restructuring that you actually include, so not the exclusionary stuff was about $2 million. How did that compare with your plan and what is the plan for 2018? I think you maybe -- said it Bob, but I still can't quite understand what's kind of included and excluded? And didn't you say that there was, we are going to do $18 million to $20 million of restructuring in 2017?
Brad Cerepak: Yeah, we had said that around $18 million to $20 million, that's kind of normal for a given year. I think the fourth quarter was a little lighter, to your point. Your number is not that far off for the quarter and for the year, we did about $13 million or $14 million, so lighter compared to the original forecast that we gave. In 2018, we have $11 million of right-sizing carryover, so again $45 million, $46 million in the fourth quarter, $11 million in the first quarter, maybe just a little bit falls into the second quarter, but most of that in the first quarter. And then we had built in to our guidance, what I'd call normal restructuring, things that we do every year, we have been doing for five years, of around $10 million.
John Inch: Okay. So and --
Brad Cerepak: Figure all in, right-sizing and restructuring in 2018 of $21 million.
John Inch: Of which we are excluding the $11 million, is that right?
Brad Cerepak: Yeah.
John Inch: And you are keeping the $10 million? The reason that's $10 million versus $18 million to $20 million, is because Wellsites is not there, is that the biggest chunk of it?
Brad Cerepak: Well, I would say, look the right-sizing has captured a lot of things, but as I -- I think we mentioned earlier. I don't think we are done sitting here today. I mean, Bob can comment on this. I mean, I am not for a moment thinking that, we will come in at $21 million. I think that there is likelihood you could see that number come up --
Bob Livingston: Should be higher.
Brad Cerepak: Incremental, not dramatically different, but incrementally higher, as we continue to work through and get closer to the spin-off date. Do you want to add anything on that Bob?
Bob Livingston: No. And the $12 million, would I label as normal and ordinary type of restructuring? John, you have to appreciate, that we know what those projects are. As we roll through the first and second quarter, I fully expect the business team leaders to identify other opportunities, and if it makes sense, we will do it.
John Inch: And then just lastly Bob, refrigeration, when you were transitioning your ops to smaller lot sizes and bulking the sort of more flexible production systems if you will, did that completely through [ph] so that refrigeration margins today are going to be a function of volume and obviously associated pricing mix or is there still work to do around that front?
Bob Livingston: No. I think most of that work around -- that we tackled around the reduction of lot sizes is complete. Now, don't take that statement as meaning that there aren't additional productivity projects that we can tackle this year and next year, because there are. And the fourth quarter, we actually -- in our case business, we actually shut down one of the case factories and have consolidated all of case manufacturing into one factory, which is a byproduct, and the end result of many of the productivity initiatives we have been working on over the last two years, just to -- I'd tell it, react to the difference in the lot sizes and some of the improvements we have made in process a little. But it's a -- the team there did a great job in 2017, and I know that you are very-very [indiscernible] excited about expanding that great job again in 2018.
John Inch: And lastly, sorry, core variable margin contribution, 19, based on your guide, ex-Wellsite, what do you think that is, Brad?
Brad Cerepak: I don't have that number.
John Inch: No, but it has been in the -- you historically had this 30%-35% number?
Brad Cerepak: You know, I'd say it's a little bit higher than that. I think that with all the productivity -- and again, I am doing this on an adjusted basis, adjusted to adjusted year-over-year.
John Inch: Yeah. That's why I am asking.
Brad Cerepak: It's a little bit higher than that. I'd say, it's closer to 38%, 39%.
John Inch: Okay, awesome. Thank you very much.
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz with Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Hey guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Bob, I just want to go back to refrigeration for a second. Maybe just talk about your confidence level in growing that business 3% to 4% in 2018. Obviously, we have seen the book-to-bill relatively weak a little, last two quarters. But do you have the visibility towards bookings growth in the first half of the year, and should we thinking that 2018 is basically back half loaded a bit on the easier comparisons in the second half of the year?
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well on comps, it may appear to be back-end loaded. I would say -- our expectation for 2018 for the food retail business, this is Hillphoenix and Anthony, I think it's going to return to the more traditional seasonal pattern that we have seen over the last seven, eight or 10 years, and that would be that the second quarter and the third quarter are the ramp and the heavy build seasons, with the first quarter and the fourth quarter being, I'd call it, the shoulder seasons. And that's quite different than what we experienced in 2017. The order rates that we are expecting in the first quarter to support our plan for the first quarter and our ramp for the second quarter, I can tell you that here in January, our order rates are on plan. So we actually feel rather confident with our target and our guide on refrigeration.
Paul Goldberg: You still available Andy? I guess Andy is gone. Crystal, you're still there. Is anybody there?
Operator: Yes I am here.
Paul Goldberg: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing or additional remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Chris. So yeah, this concludes our conference call. As always, we thank you for your continued interest in Dover, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Have a good day. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's fourth quarter 2017 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg - Vice President, Investor Relations Bob Livingston - President and CEO Brad Cerepak - Senior Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Steve Tusa - J.P. Morgan Scott Davis - Melius Research Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Andrew Obin - Bank of America Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Mircea Dobre - Baird Nathan Jones - Stifel Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets Patrick Wu - SunTrust
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. Good morning. And welcome to Dover’s third quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s third quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2017. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through November 2nd and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 95679213. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your web -- your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our third quarter performance reflected continued strong global markets resulting in organic growth at each segment. In particular, we had strong organic growth across several platforms, including digital printing, waste handling, bearings and compression, and pumps. We also had solid performances in a number of other platforms including marking and coding, retail fueling and retail refrigeration. In all Dover’s organic growth was 9% in the quarter. In total, our revenue and margin expansion were largely in line with our expectations. In addition, our strong bookings growth sets us up for a solid finish to this year. I am pleased that we are firmly on track to deliver on the three-year plan we outlined in June, we expect solid organic growth and margin improvement this year, and we are positioned to deliver further growth and margin expansion in 2018. I’m also encouraged by our portfolio work to drive long-term success and value creation. We have continued to simplify our portfolio and invest in market-leading platforms that have strong market positions and margin profiles. In addition to the planned wellsite separation we recently signed an agreement to sell the consumer and industrial winch business of Warn for $250 million and expect this transaction to close in the fourth quarter. Regarding wellsite, we are continuing the process of evaluating our options for separation, the process is moving along well and before we expect to announce our plans by year end. Within wellsite markets have remained quite constructive and we are on track to hit our 2017 forecast of $1 billion in revenue and $250 million in EBITDA. We are committed to pursuing the transaction that is best for the business and also creates the greatest value for our shareholders. While our portfolio simplification activities advance, we have continued to build the pipeline with targets that enhance and expand our growth platforms. I am very pleased with our execution on the topline this year and I’m encouraged that we’ve made progress on margins. As we enter the fourth quarter and continue working on the wellsite separation, we are actively reviewing our cost structure to rightsize our company and improve margins. This review was broad-based, excluding wellsite, with the goal of achieving $40 million of cost savings for 2018. The goal of all of these actions is a focused and consistent portfolio with a sustainable runway for revenue growth and margin improvement. With that, I’d like to turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. As Bob mentioned, we had a very solid third quarter. We achieved organic revenue growth in all segments and had organic bookings growth in three of our segments. Leverage on this organic growth combined with the benefits of integration led to solid year-over-year margin improvement. Overall, adjusted margin was 13% -- 15.3%. There were several highlights in the quarter, including broad-based revenue and bookings growth in Engineered Systems, strong revenue and bookings growth in Fluids, along with continued sequential margin improvement, continued organic growth and year-over-year margin improvement in Refrigeration & Food Equipment, and lastly, strong broad-based revenue and bookings growth in Energy. Also from a geographic perspective, U.S., Europe and China markets all grew organically year-over-year. Our full year EPS guidance remains unchanged. Importantly, this guidance does not include anticipated gain on the sale of Warn, fourth quarter costs associated with the wellsite separation or any incremental rightsizing costs. We record these items as the disposition is completed and as cost of the separation and rightsizing are incurred. Now let’s go through some details on the quarter, starting on slide three of the presentation deck. Today we reported third quarter revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 17%, organic growth of 9% was complemented by acquisition growth of 10%. Partially offsetting these results was a 3% impact from prior dispositions. Adjusted EPS increased 40% to a $1.16. This result excludes $0.02 of disposition and wellsite separation related costs in the quarter. Adjusted segment margin was 15.3%, 120 basis point improvement over last year, primarily driven by incremental margin on increased volume. Bookings increased 14% to $1.9 billion. This result was comprised of 7% organic growth and acquisition growth of 10%, partially offset by a 3% impact of prior dispositions and reflects strong growth in Engineered Systems, Fluids and Energy. Book-to-bill finished at 0.97. Overall, our backlog increased 18% to $1.3 billion. On an organic basis backlog increased 12%. Free cash flow was $214 million in the quarter, a sequential increase of $64 million. We expect very strong free cash flow generation in the fourth quarter consistent with our normal pattern. Now turning to slide four, organic growth was broad-based. Engineered Systems grew 7% driven by solid activity across both platforms. Fluids organic revenue increased 5% principally driven by solid retail fueling and strong industrial pump in pharma and hygienic markets. Refrigeration & Food Equipment increased 2% and Energy grew 31% organically. As seen on the chart, acquisition growth was 30% in Fluids and 8% in Engineered Systems. Now turning to slide five. Engineered Systems revenue of $646 million was up 7% organically reflecting broad-based growth. Adjusted earnings increased 5% over the prior year as volume leverage was partially offset by the impact of investments and material cost inflation. Our printing and identification platform revenue increased 4% organically, driven by continued strong growth in digital printing and solid activity in our marking and coding markets. In the industrial platform, revenue increased 18%, including acquisition growth of 14% and 9% organic growth. The organic growth was broad-based with strong performance in waste handling. Margin was slightly below our expectations, reflecting the timing of investments and modest material cost inflation. Bookings increased 10% overall, including organic bookings growth of 3%. Organic growth reflects solid activity across the segment. Book-to-bill for each of the platforms and overall for the segment was 0.98. Now on slide six. Fluids revenue increased 36% to $563 million, reflecting acquisition growth of 30% and 5% organic growth. Organic revenue growth was primarily driven by strong industrial pump and hygienic and pharma markets, as well as solid retail fueling activity. Earnings increased 32%, largely driven by volume growth, including acquisitions and productivity gains. Our retail fueling integration continues to be on track, supporting a strong sequential margin improvement. In all, margin was 15.5%, up 220 basis points sequentially. Bookings grew 39%, driven by acquisitions and 10% organic growth. Organic bookings growth was broad-based. Book-to-bill was 1.02. Now on slide seven. Refrigeration & Food Equipments revenue of $439 million included organic growth of 2%. Organic -- the organic increase was largely driven by solid activity in Refrigeration. Food Equipment results reflect a continued softness in our commercial cooking equipment markets. Earnings increased 2% from the prior year or 7% when excluding the impact from a prior disposition. Margin expanded 70 basis points year-over-year reflecting volume leverage offset in part by business mix. Bookings decreased 11% organically, reflecting a general slowdown in our retail refrigeration markets and the timing of orders in can-shaping machinery. But you know our can-shaping business is expected to have a very strong fourth quarter as we ship against orders booked earlier in the year. Book-to-bill was 0.82. Moving to slide eight. Energy revenue increased 32% to $359 million, reflecting growth in the U.S. rig count and increased well completion activity. Earnings were $52 million and segment margin was 14.5%, both significantly improved over last year. These results were largely driven by year-over-year improvements in the U.S. rig count, increased well completion activity and continued strong results in bearings and compression, which grew 9%. As Bob mentioned, our wellsite business had a strong quarter with 39% revenue growth and we are on track to achieve the full year forecast. We expect fourth quarter segment revenue to reflect modest sequential growth. Bookings were up 36% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. Book-to-bill finished at 1.04. Going to the overview on slide nine. Our third quarter corporate expense included $2 million of wellsite-related separation costs. Interest expense was in line with expectations. Our third quarter tax rate was 24.6%. This rate reflects increases due to changes in geographic mix of earnings, which were more than offset by discrete tax benefits. The net result of these items was a $0.04 EPS benefit. Moving on to slide 10 which shows our 2017 guidance. We now expect total revenue to increase 14% to 15% versus our prior forecast of 12% to 14%. Within this forecast, organic revenue growth is 6% to 7%. The impact from completed acquisitions is unchanged at approximately 10%. The full year impact from FX is now expected to be neutral up 1 point from the last forecast. From a segment perspective, organic growth is largely unchanged from our prior guidance. Our full year forecast for corporate expense is $133 million and now includes $2 million of wellsite costs incurred in the third quarter, interest expense is unchanged and we expect the fourth quarter tax rate to be about 28%. Our forecast for CapEx remains unchanged and the full year free cash flow is expected to be 10% to 11% of revenue. In summary, our full year EPS guidance of $4.23 to $4.33 is unchanged. As previously mentioned, this guidance does not include the anticipated gain on the Warn disposition, which is estimated at approximately $230 million net of tax and is expected to close in the fourth quarter. It also does not include any fourth quarter costs related to wellsite separation. And lastly, it does not include any rightsizing costs currently estimated to be about $40 million to $45 million. At the midpoint, our EPS guidance represents an increase of 39% over 2016 on an adjusted basis. Please note that our guidance bridge can be found in the appendix of our presentation deck. With that, let me turn the call back over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. Throughout the year all segments have grown nicely and we had gain share in several of the markets we served. Additionally, we have made progress on several of our initiatives to drive margin expansion. For instance, our retail fueling integration is on pace and sequential margin expansion in Fluids has been strong. Retail refrigeration margins have also grown on improved productivity. Looking forward, we have multiple opportunities to outgrow the broader market. Here are just a few. Our unique position in the fast-growing digital textile printing market is providing us a strong growth opportunity. We see the penetration rate of digital technology climbing to 30% over the next 10 years from the 3% to 4% rate of today. Our comprehensive solutions, including equipment, ink and software positions us very well to full leverage this technology shift. Within retail fueling we expect the EMV upgrade cycle in the U.S. to accelerate as our customers began preparing for compliance with payment regulations that go into effect in 2020. Along with that, our growing offering of remote monitoring and software-as-a-service provides ample opportunity for strong growth. In Refrigeration we expect food retailers to invest in closed-door refrigeration cases, energy efficient systems and in specialized display cases, as they look to manage operating cost and differentiate themselves in the market. In these product categories we have a leading position. Finally, within our industrial pumps business, the worldwide growth of plastic usage and our customers’ desire for improved efficiency plays to the strengths of this platform. We have the leading position in pelletizers and other polymer processing equipment due to our higher output, faster changeovers and more compact designs. These growth drivers coupled with our margin improvement initiatives provides a very positive framework for the next several years. And in closing, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for remaining focused on our customers. And with that, Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks. Before we take our first question, I just want to remind everybody, if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we will get more questions in. So, with that, let’s have the first question, Paula.
Operator: Okay. Your first question comes from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: So just want to -- hi -- hi, guys. Just want to kick off with ES margins. They came in -- you mentioned, your margin came in more or less in line with your expectation. But just wondering about the impact, if you could maybe just define the impact of raw material inflation and on that topic, I know that the pricing ES improved from 0.3% to 0.5% from 2Q to 3Q. I am just wondering what actions you are taking on pricing to offset that raw mat inflation?
Bob Livingston: The material inflation, Nigel, in the third quarter for Engineered Systems was a little bit higher than we had expected coming into the quarter. You do appropriately note the price increases both second quarter and third quarter, and I would love to have seen more of a price increase in the third quarter and I know the guys are working on that here for the fourth quarter and going into 2018. But the -- I -- at the end of the day even though I say margins overall came in largely in line with our expectations. Margins at Engineered Systems to be frank were a bit disappoint and they should be better.
Nigel Coe: Okay. But it sounds like you’re trying to get pricing pushed through the channel.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then you mentioned obviously in the PR that the process for wellsite is on track. Are you -- given the cost you incurred during the quarter, are you pursuing essentially a dual track process where you are preparing for spin but open to other options, so that if you do decide to spin in December that the process could be relatively quick from there on?
Bob Livingston: We are managing a dual track process. We have been -- we’ve got a rather robust work extreme internally, as well as with our outside advisors to prepare us for a spin process and if we get to year end and declare that our separation process will be a spin, we would expect the spin to be completed before the end of the second quarter.
Nigel Coe: Okay, Bob. That’s great. Thanks. I will leave you there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa of J.P. Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Steve.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Can you just talk about -- I heard you say some about $40 million and I believe it was cost savings for next year, but obviously, there is some stranded stuff if you spin or sell. You mentioned that you are going to spend some money here in the fourth quarter, that’s not yet in guidance. Can you maybe just kind of tie those things together and just reminds us what’s new and what’s not in the bridge?
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, I’ll let Brad deal with the bridge. So the -- first off, I would -- let me respond to your comment about stranded cost. If we were to assume that the separation plan for wellsite is a spin. Steve, the cost connected with wellsite as it operates today within Dover and the segment cost are going to move almost 100% with the spin. So the stranded cost to me is actually a de minimis number. That said look at as we look at moving into 2018 absent wellsite, it is a smaller revenue base. On a pro forma basis we expect and will deliver improved margins in 2018 over 2017, and we are looking where -- as my prepared comment pointed out, it’s a very broad-based review of all areas of Dover excluding wellsite and we have -- today we believe we’ve got rough line of sight to about $40 million of savings that would show up in 2018 and I think Brad commented on the cost that we would incur to execute on capturing those savings and it’s about $40 million to 45 million. Here is the problem I have with the $40 million to 45 million and it’s one of timing. We still have some projects to approve here over the next two weeks to three weeks. We have internal communications to rollout. I’m not sure sitting here today that we will end up booking that entire $40 million to $45 million of cost into the fourth quarter, some of those cost may very well bleed into the first quarter. Do you want to…
Steve Tusa: Yeah. Got it.
Brad Cerepak: So…
Steve Tusa: Yeah.
Brad Cerepak: So, Steve, just to clarify the bridge, because it’s still a work in progress.
Steve Tusa: Yeah.
Brad Cerepak: I think we are confident on the $40 million of benefits. We are not as confident as the split on the cost side, but a loin share of it will be in the fourth quarter based upon what we know today and it is not in the bridge, so…
Steve Tusa: And that’s above and beyond, what you’re getting from the restruct -- base restructuring you are already doing.
Brad Cerepak: Absolutely.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Brad Cerepak: So the base restructuring previously we’ve been talking about $18 million to $20 million. We are still -- that base restructuring still ongoing, which gives us over $40 million. That’s -- that generates benefits for us in the current year of about $47 million. There will be some carryover into ‘18 on that as well.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Just one quick question on the -- to follow up on Nigel’s question on the, I think, it’s Engineered business. Anything kind of the distribution channel and product ID that may be influencing margins there, I know your peer reported and margins there were not may be just little bit mixed. Anything going on in PID to kind of stands out from a margin perspective?
Brad Cerepak: No. The -- from a marking and coding perspective, we had a very good third quarter with marking and coding. We are continuing to make some investments within our digital print business and that’s for 2017. Help me with this number. I think it’s about $5 million or $6 million of incremental investment that will not continue and will not repeat in 2018. But with respect to marking and coding it was a pretty solid quarter and no…
Steve Tusa: Got it.
Bob Livingston: To answer your specific question, no issues with distribution.
Steve Tusa: Okay. One last quick one, sorry, Paul, I know you are going to call me for this. Bob, with all this movement around the portfolio, you obviously, had a nice run here, you’ve done a lot at the company and changed it quite a bit. Is there any kind of a step -- further step forward in kind of succession planning, I mean, clearly, the company has changed a lot, you have done a lot of heavy lifting and anything to discuss on the succession planning side?
Bob Livingston: The answer is no, other than I would repeat what I’ve said before with other questions on this topic. The Board and I run and have been running a rather robust process around succession planning. I think the Board feels quite comfortable with it. We are -- we do not anticipate a near-term change.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Bob Livingston: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis of Melius Research.
Scott Davis: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis: Hi.
Bob Livingston: And welcome back.
Brad Cerepak: Welcome back here again.
Scott Davis: Thank you. Sounds like Steve trying to get you to retire Bob.
Bob Livingston: Yeah. Might be. I think that as well, Scott.
Scott Davis: I am just joking. I just had -- I was curious your comment about dual tracking the Energy business is interesting, but is there a scenario where you could sell pieces of Energy and spin the rest. I mean there are some real gems in there?
Bob Livingston: That’s not.
Scott Davis: [Inaudible] (27:39).
Bob Livingston: I won’t say, no, to anything, but I don’t see that -- truly I don’t see that being one of the outcomes.
Scott Davis: Okay. And then on the Refrigeration business when you showed a couple book-to-bill 0.82, I mean, I think, most of us knew that market was getting a little bit softer. But is some of that reflected in the fact you guys have just been cutting your SKUs that kind of redefine your market a little bit? Is there any way to parse that out?
Bob Livingston: No. Not, look, we’ve actually been asking that question ourselves. I don’t think that’s having an impact with our customers or with the business. It’s been a very odd year, Scott, within this segment. We typically have, my goodness, for years have historically seen the second quarter and the third quarter being the high points for this segment with the two shoulder seasons, the first quarter and the fourth quarter being light. We saw the change starting to occur with this segment and the order rates in the fourth quarter of last year, we had very strong organic growth in the first two quarters of this year. And the questions on every call this year so far had been, well, why aren’t you raising your guide on the Refrigeration segment with respect to the topline. And part of our concern is that we knew we were a bit frontloaded in the first half of this year with respect to some customer activity, most notably around some of the cutover on the DOE regulations. We just did not know what we were going to see definitively in the second half. I fully expect 2018 to return this segment to a more seasonal and normal pattern that we’ve seen over the last several years.
Scott Davis: Okay. Fair enough. Good luck guys. Thank you. Best of luck.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Bob, so during the quarter, actually you mentioned potential for $0.04 of hurricane impact. But it seems like your businesses were able to absorb the impacts pretty well. So could you see and did you end up seeing less impact than you thought and if there was any impact, what particular businesses absorbed the most impact?
Bob Livingston: Well, we -- goodness, it sounds like a huge number, Andrew, but with respect to Harvey in Texas, our energy businesses that have operations there in the Houston area, we actually lost 4,000 work hours due to the storm and due to the factories being shut down for five or six workdays. And at the middle of September we were looking at a better bit of a challenge in closing the quarter to hit the topline plan and believe that we would incur some missed earnings that could amount to $0.03 to $0.04 for the quarter. The guy -- the teams there did an outstanding job in recovery activity in the second half of September. But I would still tell you that the cost for the incremental overtime and extra work that was done to take care of the customers. I think we incurred probably $0.01 to $0.02 of cost that was related to the storm, it’s included in our EPS results for the third quarter and to a much lesser degree, much lesser degree, when the hurricane came up the East Coast, we had two, if not three of our larger operations on the East Coast that were shut down for one to three days, but the biggest impact was Harvey.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Bob, do you see any positive impacts from the hurricane in terms of replacement in any of your businesses, any step up as you’ve gone through October here?
Bob Livingston: We’re seeing a little bit of an increased activity in the Houston area with respect to glass doors to replace some of the damage doors. They are especially in the smaller footprint stores. And I think it’s possible though we haven’t booked a specific order yet. But it is possible that we see some order activity here in the fourth quarter as a result of storm. But if it happens it’s not in our guide and we haven’t seen the orders yet.
Andrew Kaplowitz: And can you give us a little more color on your fueling and transfer market, you mentioned last quarter that it was actually a rail business that was a big lead on the business this year, was that still the case in Q3 and do you see any stabilization there and do you think a moderation in EMV-related activity that you expected this quarter?
Brad Cerepak: Lot of questions.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So that -- that’s -- so let me be real specific here on transportation within our Fluids segment. That part of the business and Paul what is it, about $100 million in revenue.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: Roughly $100 million in revenue.
Paul Goldberg: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: I think it was down…
Paul Goldberg: 18%.
Bob Livingston: … almost 20% year-over-year in the third quarter. Our retail fueling business…
Brad Cerepak: Stable at that level. But it’s stable.
Bob Livingston: Yeah. Okay. Within our retail fueling business the organic growth for retail fueling was 4%, 3% to 4% in the third quarter. Activity -- whether it would be dispensers, hanging hardware or underground components, activity in Europe and China continues to be quite strong and solid. With respect to the U.S. market, dispenser activity in the U.S. was down in the third quarter as we expected. The only other color note I would share with you is that in the last two weeks of September and it is continuing here so far in October, the order rates -- the incoming order rates for dispensers is actually picked up comfortably, I mean, it’s a nice pickup. If that were -- if those order rates were to continue to hold or even expand as we go through the fourth quarter, I think this group has the opportunity to outperform on the revenue performance for the fourth quarter. EMV…
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks. I appreciate it.
Bob Livingston: EMV, I’ll give you comment on EMV. It was subdued in the third quarter again as we expected and spoke about in May and our June conference. We’ve been -- we’ve had engagement with three of our top brands, customer brands in this space in the -- just in the last few weeks with respect to discussions on their EMV rollout in 2018 and I think we will have a firming of opinion on what EMV activity will look like in 2018 in another two months to three months.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Appreciated Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin of Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Hi. Good morning, Bob.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Andrew.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Andrew Obin: Good morning, guys. Just a question on Engineered Systems, so it does seem that margins have disappointed in the quarter, often when we have these situations it took several quarters for the ship sort of to right itself. How fast do you think Engineered Systems can get to sort of normalize operating leverage?
Bob Livingston: I think you will see an improvement in their margins here over the next two quarters.
Andrew Obin: Terrific. And is it more operational or is it more pricing?
Bob Livingston: It’s -- I would say, there would never be in an absence of operational opportunities. But I would tell you that the disappointment for the third quarter was around material inflation and pricing offsets.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just a follow-up on free cash flow, your previous outlook was 140% conversion. You are now saying 130%, if we look at, sorry, cash flow statement. What’s driving this? Is it working capital, but you also have sort of other items chewing out cash and there is a tax item that’s chewing out cash. Can you give us more visibility as to why cash conversion is now little bit lower?
Bob Livingston: Brad, can walk you through some specific details, but I would -- number one, I would tell you that, working capital in the third quarter was actually 100 bps better than it was year-over-year. But it was still less than we were looking for and expected. It’s not inventory. We -- inventory came in as we expected, if not a tad better and it’s not a payable issue. We did see, I think -- you have to help me here, I think, sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter, I think, we actually saw almost a full day increase in DSO. But part of this is the working cap -- the absolute dollar increase which comes back to cash, the absolute dollar increase in working capital just to support the strong organic growth that we’ve had in the last two quarters.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So what, Bob, saying, is -- metrics are actually quite good in terms of working capital metrics. What we are seeing is the increase in accounts receivable specifically as we have the strong -- we’ve had a strong revenue growth. So we are expecting strong collections in the fourth quarter to support a strong fourth quarter free cash flow and put us in that range of 10% to 11%.
Andrew Obin: Terrific. Thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey, can we just spend a moment talking about life after the wellsite separation?
Bob Livingston: Life after the wellsite, yes.
Deane Dray: Yes. Just how does your oil and gas exposure change and gets, I mean, most of its going to be in Fluid, bearings and compression likely into Engineered Solutions. But if you looked at it percent of revenues but also the upstream, midstream, downstream will change significantly like in more midstream, but can you take a pass at that, please?
Bob Livingston: Well, we have looked at this, we have the date on this and it’s been three weeks or four weeks since I look at it and I’m struggling with recall to give you specific numbers. Obviously, it is down, our wellsite exposure is down. But I would first call out the comment that I made earlier on transportation. We would label this $100 million business in transportation to be energy-related. It may not be all upstream, some of it is midstream, but I would truly label it as energy-related. And bearings and compression, it’s -- there is some upstream connection to bearings and compression. But it’s not the correlation or the size that we have in the wellsite businesses. And the bulk of it other than bearings and compression is connected into the Fluids segment.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then, as a follow-up on the material cost inflation in ES, just could you size that for us? And I’m surprised, if you -- if I had to guess where you would have seen some pressure, it might have been in Refrigeration with copper being up as much, but maybe you just size the impact there?
Bob Livingston: I will let Brad…
Brad Cerepak: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: …give you some numbers on this. But let me comment on your Refrigeration note. We actually started to see material inflation raise its head in Refrigeration in the first quarter and the second quarter. I don’t remember the numbers now. But I actually think our material inflation headwind in the first quarter just within Refrigeration, I think, it was $9 million. There were prices -- there were price increases put in as we exited the first quarter in Refrigeration. We didn’t have -- we didn’t cover it all in the second quarter, but the gap on material inflation significantly reduced in the second quarter. And I’m not viewing that given our early position on raising prices in Refrigeration to cover the material, I’m not looking at pricing -- price inflation to be a decremental for Refrigeration in the second half of the year.
Deane Dray: Got it. And Brad was going to size the…
Brad Cerepak: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: You want to size. Brad, go ahead.
Brad Cerepak: You want to size it. When you are coming out of the second quarter we said we would see about $34 million of net impact on materials for the year. That was our last guide. Now up to $38 million and I would say all of that for deltas in DES, because what Bob is referring to, fundamentally on DRFE we had a first half impact, as they were putting the prices in place and it neutralize itself for the back half. That’s still true today for the most part, very minor change. Our DE business is seeing some steel increases. They’ve also put in place some price increases here in October. So really is fundamentally move within DES and these guys -- our guys are working on this. They are working on price increases and more productivity. That is just going to take a period of time to offset.
Deane Dray: Got it. And just lastly, and this is not a question, but a comment. Off-road jeep enthusiasts like me are sorry to see the Warn business leave the portfolio today. Let that be noted?
Bob Livingston: Comment noted, Deane. Thank you.
Deane Dray: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Just a question firstly on the Warn business that you just touched on and I think when you bought that you paid about 2 times, 205 times sales, just wondered if you could give any color on the sale multiple and what kind of lost operating earnings we should dial-in for the next year?
Bob Livingston: So earnings, earnings for the business that was sold for next year -- Brad, I am going to see $0.10 -- it might…
Brad Cerepak: Well, that’s the impact.
Bob Livingston: That’s the impact.
Brad Cerepak: Lost earnings.
Bob Livingston: Lost earnings $0.10. Look, please note that, I was very specific here in my scripted comments. We did not sell the entire Warn business. We sold the winch business, both the consumer and the smaller industrial winch business, that’s part of -- that was part of Warn. What we kept was actually the OEM component business for the auto industry and the business activity that was sold from a revenue perspective, Brad, I think, was -- it would $130 million on that...
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. That was.
Bob Livingston: Yeah.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. Roughly that number.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Julian Mitchell: Very helpful. Thank you. And then my second question just, you saw obviously the big drop in organic bookings in Refrigeration & Food Equipment in Q3. Maybe give a bit more detail around the retail refrigeration softness and whether the cost cutting that you’ve talked about the $40 million, is a lot of that waited into this segment, would you think that that retail softness or that broader booking softness in Refrigeration & Food will reverse soon?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So let me deal with cost savings initiatives, first. As I said, it is rather broad-based, but I do exclude wellsite from that comment and would not -- I would not hang more than its fair share -- pro rata fair share of activity on Refrigeration. There has been activity in the second half of last year and through the first three quarters of this year with a focus on productivity and cost takeouts. There will be some more within that segment during the fourth quarter and going into 2018. But, Julian, this is, when I say broad-based, I mean, across the segments and across corporate and across the regions, it’s going to be quite broad based. With respect to bookings, I’d also put you back to my earlier comment about how strange or an odd of year it’s been with respect to the, I call it the quarterly waterfall within this segment being quite different than what we have seen historically. That’s part of what showing up in the softer bookings here in the third quarter. But it was not all within the Refrigeration business. We also saw soft year-over-year bookings within our can-shaping business following a very, very strong order pattern we had in the second quarter. And we’ve got a fairly healthy, maybe even record revenue quarter scheduled for the can-shaping business and even some of the orders that have been booked in the last couple of quarters, we actually feel within the can-shaping business and that we’re well-positioned now for 2018.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mircea Dobre of Baird.
Mircea Dobre: Yes. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Mircea Dobre: Just to follow-up on Julian’s question on Refrigeration here, if we are looking at comps, they are getting significantly tougher as we go into 2018 for Refrigeration and if bookings, as you say, remain relatively soft here, I recognize that there is a seasonal issue. But I’m wondering on tougher comps do you believe this business can actually grow next year and volumes aren’t picking up, how should we think about margins?
Bob Livingston: Number one, I would tell you that the segment leadership team, as well as the operating business leadership teams truly are convinced they can grow this business next year. If you look at it on a quarterly basis, again given the change in 2017 on how strong the first quarter was relative to historical comps as we move into 2018, it’s going to be impossible for just the Refrigeration platform to have positive organic growth in the first quarter as you copied against the first quarter of ‘17. But I -- we are convinced that we will return to a more seasonal pattern in 2018 and I think you’ll see the positive comps show up in the second half of the year.
Mircea Dobre: Bob, do you have the sense that there are enough levers in this business where if your expectation for bookings growth doesn’t materialized or things that you can do to address that from a margin standpoint?
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Mircea Dobre: Okay. And then my follow-up on P&I. So I know your comment is that there is quite good growth over there, but my sense again looking at comps here is that your business slowed even though your comp has gotten a lot easier organically sequentially. So I’m sort of trying to understand the dynamics here, are we talking about different growth in textile versus your marking and coding, is there some lumpiness that I am not getting anything now.
Bob Livingston: Yeah. Yeah. Well, there is a different growth profile between digital and marking and coding. I don’t know what that difference was in the third quarter, but the growth in digital textile was pretty healthy in the third quarter. With respect to MI, I am -- I don’t have that number in front of me, what 3% organic growth in the third quarter for marking and coding?
Mircea Dobre: Okay. I will follow-up with Paul offline.
Bob Livingston: Yeah.
Mircea Dobre: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Jones of Stifel.
Nathan Jones: God morning, everyone.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Nathan Jones: I’d like to talk a little bit about the pumps business in Fluids. You’ve seen some pretty decent -- pretty good organic growth here in the last couple of quarters against what are fairly easy comps, the comps do get a bit more difficult here. Is the growth here just a result of the easy comps, have you seen that business fundamentally improve and what markets are driving it?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So, yeah, I don’t disagree with you. We look back on the comps. We -- the revenue for this business -- for the pumps group or platform in 2016 we were clearly still feeling the downdraft from the down cycle in the upstream oil and gas activity. We have seen with respect to upstream oil and gas, we have seen a nice recovery in those applications throughout the year. And by the time, I think, the fourth quarter, the comps probably aren’t as easy as they were in the first quarter and second quarter this year, but we are also still showing fairly strong organic growth for the pumps business in the fourth quarter. But the other -- I call it two areas of pumps outside of our distribution activity is our hygienic and pharma business continues to perform very, very well and strong growth rates, and those comps are not easy, because they have strong growth rates last year as well and the -- our plastic and polymer business within pumps bit more of a project business, so you get some noise when you look at quarter versus quarter and on a year-over-year basis, but we will have strong growth in the plastics and polymer business for 2017 and we will have quite solid growth in that business in 2018.
Nathan Jones: So it sounds like you -- you’re thinking this is more of a fundamental recovery in the business than it is just a matter of comps in there…
Bob Livingston: It did not…
Nathan Jones: … would that also grow in ‘18? 
Bob Livingston: I am not denying that for the industrial applications related to oil and gas the comps are in our favor. But that’s not what is driving all of the recovery and growth in our pumps business.
Nathan Jones: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Graham of BMO Capital Markets.
Scott Graham: Hi. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Scott.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Scott Graham: Just looking at the four -- at the full year organic sales guidance and trying to triangulate toward a fourth quarter number. Please correct me if I’m wrong on the math, but it looks like you’re essentially implying low to mid-single organic, and A, is that about, right, and B, is that wholly due to the Refridge down there?
Bob Livingston: So organic for the fourth quarter, I’m probably rounding to the nearest integer, but it 6%. Now the important question there, Scott, okay, is how much -- how much of the 6% is Dover remain co ex-wellsite. I don’t have that data. But it is positive. For your comment about Refrigeration, even with the difference in the customer buying activity within the Refrigeration platform in 2017, organic growth in the fourth quarter for Refrigeration is at 1% or 1% and a fraction even with our lower expectations.
Scott Graham: Okay. So that’s better than I sort of was calculating. Great.
Bob Livingston: Yeah.
Scott Graham: The other thing is that...
Brad Cerepak: Well, yeah, you should remember there’s some disposition impact in there…
Scott Graham: Yeah.
Brad Cerepak: … that you take into account.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Fine. Okay.
Scott Graham: Yeah. No. Got it.
Bob Livingston: Go ahead.
Scott Graham: The other thing is that should we see and maybe the better question is on the ES margin, could you and I know there’s a question around this earlier. Could you kind of give us sort of the buckets for you had an adjusted drop of 130 basis points. Could you kind of tell us, obviously materials is the biggest issue here, kind of give us the puts and takes, and maybe the sizings of kind of what happened there?
Bob Livingston: Yeah. Well, Brad, can probably provide more specific numbers then I can. But I would say that better than a third may be approaching 40% of the drop had to do with material inflation, another...
Brad Cerepak: Which we gave -- which we gave you the number.
Bob Livingston: Yeah. And another third of it and again it may have been slightly more than that -- another third of it was the increased investment that I spoke about with respect to our digital print activity. And then a little bit of noise just around product mix. But that always happens, a little bit of noise around product mix. But that’s -- I would say, 30% to 40% of material inflation, 30% solid on increased investment in digital print and the rest of it was product mix. Brad, do you want to clarify that?
Brad Cerepak: No. I think that’s it.
Bob Livingston: Okay.
Scott Graham: Yeah. And if I could sneak in another one in here, just very simply, you made a comment, Bob that you’re confident that the refrigeration market will improve next year. Could you give us a little bit more behind that thinking? 
Bob Livingston: Well -- I will start first with a roll up with discussions with customers and we do expect our activity to be up next year. I don’t have a final number. We are going through our planning process. We will actually kick that off in about 10 days to solidify our operating plans for 2018. But we know we have been awarded some business. We haven’t received the orders yet. I don’t know exactly what the order level will be in 2018, but it will be incremental. And on top of that even if the revenue line were to hold constant in ‘18 versus ‘17, we see a clear path and opportunity for improvement in margins.
Scott Graham: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your final question comes from Charley Brady of SunTrust.
Patrick Wu: Hi, guys. This is actually Patrick Wu standing in for Charley. Thanks for taking my questions.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Hi, Patrick. Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Patrick Wu: Good morning. Good morning. Just -- it sounds like even though you guys are going to the up for your rationalization process, M&A is -- the pipeline is still pretty robust, you guys sound pretty optimistic about that. Can you talk a little bit more about which areas you are looking at and sort of how valuation are right now and are there any areas specifically where you guys would have a big appetite in terms of -- if the valuation is on the high side still?
Bob Livingston: We still are interested in expanding in a general way across different verticals, our pumps play within Fluids and we’re always looking for opportunities. We’ve seen some to expand both in our marking and coding, as well as in our digital print area. But the act -- the areas we’re looking at wouldn’t be any different than we’ve been focused -- than we’ve been sharing even at the June Investor Conference, so there wouldn’t be any difference there. Your question about valuation, it’s interesting, because the -- we have walked away, well, we have been unsuccessful on a couple of recent opportunities to meet the sellers expectation on valuation and we just felt it was a little bit into the discomfort range for us and we just went pencils down and withdrew and we will wait for the next opportunities…
Brad Cerepak: Bolt-on, add-on.
Bob Livingston: Bolt-on, nothing large, nothing significant…
Brad Cerepak: Nothing that we walked away from that was directly change…
Bob Livingston: Yeah.
Brad Cerepak: … think about the platforms.
Patrick Wu: Okay. Got it. And then just one more on Refrigeration & Food Equipment, you guys answer the lot of quest -- lot of those questions already, but if we ex-out the sort of around $6 million in inefficiencies from Hillphoenix the last year, if you look at that number year-over-year is, I think, down by like around 50 bps or so. How much of the Hillphoenix -- how much of the drag is still -- Hillphoenix still inherent in that business, is that pretty much all gone now? And then also Wal-Mart has recently sort of talked about online grocery pickups and stuff like that, I think, they open to a tune of around 400 locations this year. Has that been any -- has that incrementally benefited you guys at all.
Bob Livingston: So, let me deal with your Wal-Mart question or comment first. I would say that that activity on their pickup rollout has been minimal -- a minimal impact to our business. I’m -- I know that we’ve had an order here and order there, but it hasn’t been notable with respect to creating any change. The -- within the Refrigeration segment, the opportunity -- the greatest opportunity for margin improvement for the segment resides in Hillphoenix and Anthony, primarily Hillphoenix.
Patrick Wu: Okay. That’s it for me. Thank you.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Pat.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Paula. This concludes our conference call. With that we thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s third quarter 2017 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg - VP of IR Bob Livingston - President and CEO Brad Cerepak - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Andrew Obin - Bank of America Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Charley Brady - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi Steve Tusa - J.P. Morgan Mircea Dobre - Baird John Inch - Deutsche Bank Deane Dray - RBC Nathan Jones - Stifel Scott Graham - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Second Quarter 2017 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s second quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s second quarter operating and financial performance and follow with an update of our 2017 outlook. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 3 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 43265543. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Paul, good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our second quarter reflected the continuation of a trend that began to develop late last year, namely, improving global markets and strong results reflecting solid execution by our teams. These factors resulted in revenue growth and margin expansion that exceeded our forecast. All segments posted sequential margin improvement, most notably, in refrigeration and food equipment, and in fluids. And these segments, our work on integration, productivity, and commercial excellence resulted in improved performance in the quarter. Overall, our segments performed at a high level which we expect to continue. We are raising our full-year guidance for revenue and EPS reflecting our strong second quarter results and our increased confidence in the back half of the year across all segments. As we highlighted at our June Investor Day we expect strong performance over the next few years in both organic revenue growth and margin expansion. Delivering on our 2017 commitments is a critical step towards achieving our three year plan. I’m pleased to say we are executing well on our revenue growth and margin expansion activities. Our work on involving the portfolio over the past several years is yielding tangible benefits. It has been a steady and purposeful transformation as we have focused on building great businesses. With 60% of our revenue from businesses that hold a Number One or Number Two market share, we have built and expanded the leading positions serving growth markets through platforms like marking and coding, fueling and transport and pumps to name just a few. We continue to have significant potential to expand revenue and margin as we apply our operating model to improve every business and use inorganic investment to strengthen our businesses even further. With regard to evolving our portfolio, we have focused on markets at all for solid long-term growth rates markets where expertise and solution set is valued and in markets that provide opportunities for further expansion. Regarding our operating model, we strive to make the businesses we own better through the steady application of a number of value creating tools and processes. We started with the establishment of our global sourcing organization several years ago, to investments in talent development and embedding a continuous improvement process across the organization to more recent investments in shared services.  We have steadily been adding capabilities and have a clear and executable path to sustained business improvement. Our discipline strategy of positioning ourselves in strong markets and improving our businesses allows us to generate significant free cash flow. Some of this cash will be returned annually through increasing dividends while much of it will be in reinvested to further grow our businesses thus creating even stronger platforms. In short, we believe today we have world-class leading platforms and attractive markets and are well positioned to deliver growth, margin expansion, and consistent free cash flow yield. With that I'd like to turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Bob, good morning everyone. As Bob mentioned we had a very strong second quarter. We achieved organic revenue and bookings growth at every segment. Leverage on this organic growth combined with solid contributions from our recent acquisitions and strong execution on margin improvement activities resulted in an overall segment margin of 15%. Sequentially, this represents a 320 basis point improvement over the adjusted first quarter. There were several highlights in the quarter, including broad-based growth in engineered systems, the return of organic growth in fluids, and meaningful progress in the retail fueling integration, productivity and commercial improvements in refrigeration and food equipment, and lastly strong growth in energy on a higher than expected US rig count and increased well completions. Also from a geographic perspective, US, Europe and China markets all grew organically year over year. As noted earlier, we are increasing our full-year revenue and EPS guidance as a result of our strong second quarter and our positive outlook for the remainder of the year. I'll share those specifics with you in a little bit, but first let's go through some of the details on the quarter, starting on Slide 3 of the presentation deck. Today we reported second quarter revenue of 2 billion, an increase of 18%. Strong organic growth of 10% was complemented by acquisition growth of 12%. Partially offsetting these results was a 4% impact from dispositions and FX. EPS was a $1.04d, exceeding the high end of our expectations, principally reflecting strong conversion on higher revenue. Segment margin was 15%, 190 basis point improvement over last year, primarily driven by strong incremental margin on increased volume in our energy segment and by stronger performance in refrigeration and food equipment. Bookings increased 19% to 2 billion. This positive result reflecting organic growth in each segment is comprised of 12% organic growth and 11% acquisition growth, partially offset by a 4% impact of dispositions and FX. Book to bill finished at 1.01. Overall, our backlog increased 21% to 1.3 billion. On an organic basis, backlog increased 16%. Free cash flow was 150 million in the second quarter, a sequential increase of 115 million. We expect very strong free cash flow generation in the back half of the year consistent with our normal pattern. Now turning to Slide 4. Our strong organic growth was broad-based. Engineered systems grew 5% driven by solid activity across both platforms. Fluids organic revenue increased 4%, principally driven by solid retail fueling and strong industrial pump in pharma and hygienic markets. Refrigeration of food equipment increased 5% reflecting alignment with retail refrigeration customers who are investing. Lastly, energy grew 39% organically. As seen on the chart, acquisition growth was 34% in fluids and 10% in engineered systems. Turning to Slide 5. Engineers systems revenue of 655 million, was up 5% organically reflecting broad-based growth. Earnings increased 3% as volume leverage was moderated by investments and material cost inflation. Our printing and identification platform revenue increased 5% organically, driven by continued strength in our marking and coding markets. In the industrial platform, revenue increased 15% including acquisition growth of 17% and 5% organic growth. The organic growth was broad based with particular strength in our waste handling business. Margin was in line with our expectations, which included a 90 basis point impact from acquisitions. Bookings increased 14% overall, including organic bookings growth of 9%. Organic growth reflects solid markets across the segment. Book to bill for print and identification was 1.01, industrials was 0.97. Overall book to bill was 0.99. Now moving on to Slide 6. Fluids revenue increased 36% to 553 million reflecting our acquisitions and retail fueling and 4% organic growth. Organic revenue growth was primarily driven by solid activity in retail fueling, especially in Europe and Asia and strong industrial pump in pharma and hygienic markets. Earnings increased 36%, largely driven by volume growth, including acquisitions and productivity gains. Of note, we have accelerated the pace of our retail fueling integration and now expect a 6 million net benefit for the year, up 3 million from our prior forecast. This will put us ahead of the pace for 2018 synergy benefits. Margin in the quarter was 13.3%, up 330 basis points sequentially representing meaningful progress in our retail fueling activities, including integration and commercial actions. Bookings grew 34%, driven by acquisitions in organic growth of 4%. Organic bookings growth was driven by solid activity in our pumps and our hygienic and pharma markets. Book to bill was 1.0. Now Turning to Slide 7. Refrigeration and food equipments revenue of 426 million included organic growth of 5%. The organic increase was largely driven by strong activity in our retail refrigeration business. We outperformed the border market on the strength of our alignment with customers who are investing in energy efficient solutions and enhanced fresh and prepared food merchandising. Food equipment results were in line with our expectations, with solid results in our can-shaping business more than offset softness in our commercial cooking equipment markets. Earnings increased 4% from the prior year or 8% on an adjusted basis, excluding the impact from a prior-year disposition. Margin expanded 70 basis points year-over-year and 600 basis points sequentially, reflecting improved execution and volume leverage offset in part by previously mentioned material cost inflation. Bookings increased 6% organically. Book to bill was solid at 1.09. Now on Slide 8. Energy revenue of 359 million increased 39% year-over-year and 11% sequentially. Earnings were 53 million and segment margin was 14.9%, both significantly improved over last year. These results exceeded our prior forecasts largely driven by US rig count growth, increased well completion activity and strong results in bearings and compression. Bookings were up 43% year-over-year and 1% sequentially, setting us up for a solid third quarter. With respect to the third quarter, we expect revenue will be up about 1% to 2% sequentially. Book to bill finished at 0.98. Now going to the overview on Slide 9. Our second quarter corporate and interest expense were both essentially in line with expectations. Our second quarter tax rate was slightly higher than forecast at 28.9% and included 2.5 million of discrete tax costs. Excluding these costs, our effective tax rate was 27.8%. Now moving on to Slide 10. We now expect total revenue to increase 12% to 14% versus our prior forecast of 11% to 13%. This forecast includes organic revenue growth of 5% to 7%, up 1 point. The impact from completed acquisitions, dispositions and FX is essentially unchanged. From a segment perspective, organic growth of engineered systems and fluid are both being raised 1 point, driven by solid second quarter and broad-based bookings growth. Refrigeration and food equipment remains unchanged from our prior forecast. Energy is now expected to grow 24% to 27% organically, up 4 points over the last forecast, largely driven by strong second quarter growth and continuing constructive markets. Our full-year forecast for corporate expense is up 5 million, primarily on increased investments. We expect third and fourth quarter tax rate to be about 28%. Further our forecast for CapEx and free cash flow is unchanged. Lastly, we now expect full-year adjusted segment margin to be up slightly from our prior forecast. As a result, we now expect full-year EPS to be in the range of $4.23 and $4.33, up $0.15 from our prior forecast at the midpoint or an increase of 38% over 2016 on an adjusted basis. The revised guidance reflects increased second half performance and in all segments. Please note that our guidance bridge can be found in the appendix of our presentation deck. With that I'll turn the call back over to Bob for some final comments.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. I am very excited with our strong first half performance. All segments positively participated in our results through acquisitions, improving end markets or internal initiatives. Each segment had multiple drivers of performance improvement. Now let me take a minute to share my views on some of the important drivers that should positively impact our midterm performance. In engineered systems, our printing and identification platform will continue to deliver consist solid performance, driven by our focus on consumables and product innovation and marketing and coding and our unique position in the digital textile printing market. In our industrial platform, we have built leading positions in vehicle service and waste handling. Our focus in these markets is around providing full solutions rather than simply equipment. Within fluids, we expect to the EMV [ph] upgrade cycle in the US to accelerate starting in the second half of 2018. Along with that, our growing participation into hygienic and pharma, and industrial pump markets should provide for solid mid-digit growth in the segment. This growth will be complemented by margin expansion from our retail fueling integration and from the application of our operating model across the segment. In refrigeration and food equipment, the strengthen in our retail refrigeration business reflects our leading position in cases and systems, our technology around energy efficiency as well as our expertise helping our customers effectively merchandise fresh and prepared food. The retail food market continues to evolve and is shifting to these areas where we are the acknowledged leader. Finally, within energy, the significant drilling activity we've seen over the last few quarters has created a large backlog of drilled but uncompleted wells. We expect that many of these wells will get completed over the coming quarters and we will have strong participation in this activity. In all, our markets remain solid and I expect our execution to remain strong. With that I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for remaining focused on our customers. Now Paul let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. Before we take the first question, I'd just like to remind the listeners if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up we’d be able to get more questions. And so with that Stephanie, can we have the first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: Bob, could you pick up on the last point on drill but uncompleted wells and provide a little bit more color on what you're seeing there. Just eyeballing your book to bill and a little bit of backlog draw, some of which is not unusual seasonal, but it does kind of raise the question if this wave of drilling is going to be fully followed by kind of the wave of completions, which would seem to be necessary to carry your results into the back half. So any color there on the visibility that you have in that business and maybe the state of play on the number of wells and backlog et cetera could be helpful.
Bob Livingston: Maybe I don't do it in the exact order you've asked the questions, Jeff. So let me start with the last question on the status of drilled but uncompleted wells. I don't have the data here in front of me, I did look at it a few days ago and I think the status of drilled and uncompleted wells at the end of the second quarter was a bit higher than it was at the end of the first quarter. Even though well completion activity did increase during the second quarter. The drilling activity has been rather robust during the second quarter. Our outlook for the second half of the year, Brad, you're going to help me here with a number. But I think for the second half of the year in drilling, our forecast assumes that rig count will be up.  I think it's rather modest 1% or 2% from where it is right today, Jeff. We're not forecasting much growth and further rig count deployment. We do continue to see the completion of wells continuing in the second half of the year. The activity in the Permian remains quite strong and in fact I think sequentially, June was up 15% over May, I don't remember what the data was, May over April, but I do know that June was up 15% over May in the Permian. And we feel fairly solid with our forecast for the second half of the year depending upon rig count, it could be conservative.
Jeffrey Sprague: And just shifting gears to another topic. Refrigeration is up 5% organic in the first half. What gets us to up only 1 to 3 for the year, what's really happening in the back half?
Brad Cerepak: I would start first by telling you that our first quarter was probably a bit stronger than we anticipated. Our second quarter was a bit stronger than we anticipated. Our bookings were strong during the quarter. June bookings were solid. I think we feel fairly comfortable and confident with our third quarter forecast. And I will tell you that sitting here today, I feel like we're being a bit conservative with our fourth quarter forecast. This was the only segment where we did not raise organic growth for the balance of the year. And Jeff, my color comment on that was the activity within this segment wanted to see a raise in organic growth in refrigeration and I would just tell you, I think we're being a bit conservative with our outlook for the fourth quarter and did not raise organic growth. But the activity sort of, today sort of warrants that, but I think we're being conservative.
Paul Goldberg: Can we have the next question please?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Just a question on, EMV and Wayne, it looks like its steady sequentially, but how should we model revenues in the second half of ’17 and where are the orders trending for US fuel. How should we think about I guess the regulatory cycle.
Bob Livingston: Well we shared - we shared the outlook over the next two to three years at our Investor Meeting in June. We do expect EMV in the activity in the second half of the year to moderate and to be less than we expected as we open the year. That said that's primarily a US comment. I would compliment that US comment by saying that for both Wayne and Tokheim, most notably at Tokheim, our revenue activity, our market activity in Europe, Middle East, Asia has been stronger than we anticipated both in the first quarter as well as a second quarter. And even though we see a little bit of moderation of activity in the US here in the second half, I would be remiss by not sharing the fact that our earnings for the year are remaining as we have held since we opened the year, we have strong earnings potential.
Andrew Obin: And that's a question on cash flow. As I look at the first half cash flow and it makes perfect sense given where the organic growth is for the business so far year-to-date, but 140 million versus 170 million last year, but you are calling for a very strong cash conversion, 140% for the year. If organic growth continue, how do you get working capital out of the company with strong organic growth.
Brad Cerepak: So let me take that question. You do point out quite correctly that in the quarter we had very strong organic and total growth as well at 18%. So, working capital did increase, net about 50 million in the quarter with AR being about 100 million up. So, given the sequence within the quarter, with June being the largest part of the quarter's results, gives me some confidence that as we go into the back half that receivables will be collected. Now let me comment on inventory because I think this is an important point. We did see our inventory; we said this in the first quarter.  We continued to carry into the second quarter with inventory increase of about 50 million more than we would have expected principally driven by a few areas, one being as we referred to before to better manage our peak periods of production flow in refrigeration, we increased some inventory there. That will burn off in the second half. We also selectively increased inventory as we started to see some material cost inflation in very specific areas, not broad based, but very specific areas. So all in all about 50 million of inventory builds over above where we would have expected that I have full confidence will burn off in the second half.
Bob Livingston: Brad, the only other comment I will make there is on working capital as a percentage of our revenue. I actually think we're at the lowest working capital number as a percentage of revenue since I've been CEO.
Brad Cerepak: Well, longer than that.
Bob Livingston: Longer than that, yeah. So it was a record low of 17.6% in the quarter, which shows really the guys are doing a great job on looking at and managing our working capital in total.
Brad Cerepak: Andrew, we feel quite comfortable with our cash flow forecast for the balance of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: So I just want to pick up on Andrew’s points on Wayne. Is the second half pretty much tracking to you know how you saw with maybe two months ago. I think you mentioned perhaps that the first half was a litter bit stronger second half but weaker than back in June. I just wonder if that dynamic has changed at all.
Bob Livingston: I think the comments – well, you say two months ago, let me refer to my comments that we shared with all of you at our June Investor Conference. And I think the second half is shaping up fairly close to what we - to the color we shared at the June investor conference. EMV activity is down in the second half relative to what we expected coming into the year. And again that's a US comment, but I will tell you it's - we are very, very pleased with the activity of both Wayne and Tokheim outside of the US. And we actually feel, we actually feel quite good with the commercial activity and the integration activity within this platform.
Nigel Coe: And then switching back to energy Bob, this mix between drilling and production, so I’m just wondering, as these ducts start to complete, that 1% to 2% higher revenue in 3Q, is the mix between drilling and production materially different to what we’ve seen in the first half of the year, 2Q and do you think you can actually grow margins sequentially on the back of them?
Bob Livingston: Yeah. We’ll see a bit of a tapering in the growth in our drilling activity. Actually, I would maybe rephrase it. I think we will see more than a bit of tapering in the growth of our drilling activity. But offsetting that, we do expect growth in well completion activity that will be recognized by our artificial lift in our automation businesses.
Brad Cerepak: But specific to margin, off of the second quarter rate, we do expect to expand that margin in the back half on energy.
Nigel Coe: Sequentially?
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charley Brady with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Charley Brady: Just wondered if you could comment on the Amazon Whole Foods merger as it relates to the refrigeration food equipment business and kind of some of the consolidation that's going on, taking place in there, and maybe how it affects your view of that business long term.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, there's two parts. So the consolidation within the industry, goodness, we've been seeing that occur for several years now and of course, when it does, when company A and company B go together, it's not uncommon for us to see a bit of a pause, while the combined business decides what they’re going to do with respect to remodel or new store construction. But that's sort of normal for this industry. The first part of your question, with respect to Amazon and Whole Foods, my answer is not going to surprise you. We're not seeing any change right now and there really hasn't been any communication that we've received from either of the two that would lead us to believe that it's going to have any impact on our business.
Charley Brady: Great. Thanks. And just as a quick follow-up, just I want to clarify the comment on the Tokheim business in Europe, so you're saying that that European business is the strength there to fully offset the softening you're seeing in EMV in the second half?
Bob Livingston: Yes. In fact, let me clarify that. It's not just Tokheim. It’s Tokheim and Wayne, seeing better activity in Europe, the Middle East and Asia that is truly offsetting a little bit of the softness we're seeing in the second half with respect to EMV activity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Bob, so clearly the chassis issues that you had in waste handling seem to be behind you. So how do we think about your overall industrial business within energy and engineered solutions going forward? Can you sustain mid-single digit organic growth and then you mentioned last quarter that waste handling could be up high single digits for the year. Do you see that kind of growth potential for that business?
Bob Livingston: Well, I'm going to give you both a comment for the year and then echo what we shared with everyone at our June investor conference. The growth we've seen in the first half, especially in the second quarter, we see it continuing in the second half. In fact, relative to our guidance, it's going to edge up a bit. Our waste handling, our [indiscernible] management business is performing well. The chassis issue is behind us. That business built revenue during the quarter with, I would say, June being, I think, it was a record shipping month in June for that business. And the outlook for the second half of the year for that business is as solid as we've been signaling all year long. It is high single digit growth in that business for the year. The other comment I would share is beyond 2017 and this is what we shared at the Investor Conference a few weeks ago, we see the industrial platform is having strong mid digit growth -- organic growth for the next two to three years and we think we're in a very good market position. We think we're in a very good technology position and it's not just waste handling, it's across the platform.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Bob, that’s helpful. And then, can you talk about your appetite for bigger portfolio management, specifically how that -- how you're thinking about energy now. When you look at rig counts, they have shot up faster than really anyone expected. There’s been some oil price volatility here, which leads to some fear that rig counts are peaking. Does that incentivize you at all to potentially try and monetize energy faster, how are you thinking about it right now?
Bob Livingston: Look, I think that's at least the third question that I've had this year on energy and our portfolio inclusion. And my answer, I’m smiling when I say this. And my answer is really the same. This is -- we've built a great position with these businesses around our upstream energy portfolio. We did expect strong growth in these businesses this year. We've seen it. We'll see how the second quarter or the second half performs. I happen to think we may be slightly conservative on that second half guide. And it is that and other topics that are similar to this is something that Brad and I do review with our board on a very periodic basis. I have no other new news to share with you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Good execution in the quarter. Definitely, all these issues of the last year or so or a year and a half ago are pretty much, look like they're remedied. So congrats on the execution.
Bob Livingston: Thank you. I appreciate that and the teams have done a good job.
Steve Tusa: Yeah. So on the energy business, so it looks like organic is up about mid-20s in the second half on the top line. Rig count year-over-year is up pretty dramatic, up I think like 70%, 80%, given the easy comps year-over-year, assuming a stable, assuming so. So is there any way to kind of give us the variability around, what if rigs were actually down, what would your revenue kind of -- what is the revenue profile of like how much that completion activity comes on to offset. So I'm thinking more kind of on a 12-month basis, if rigs were down year-over-year, is there enough duct activity out there, what -- I guess the question is, at what rate of rig decline and kind of over a 12 to 18 month period, would you still be able to grow the business, given the significant completion activity that's out there. How are you kind of thinking about that as you plan for the next year?
Bob Livingston: Steve, I don't have enough time remaining on this call to give you a complete answer to that. So let me, okay, I really want to do this.
Steve Tusa: Yeah. I guess let me simplify. Let me simplify this, is given the complexion of what you expect on completions and all these may get an ’18 question, I mean I know you guys don’t want to give guidance, but if rigs were down 10% year-over-year in ’18, 10%, what do you think your kind of -- can you backfill that with completion activity and still grow the business?
Bob Livingston: If rigs were down 10%, the well completion activity could very easily offset the decline we would see in our drilling activity. And we -- as -- we have done that analysis and if the price of oil remain constructive in the $45 to $50 area, we actually think we could have modest increase in revenue for the segment.
Steve Tusa: Okay. That's a great answer. And also just the mix of margins would obviously be a little bit different, right, because drilling is –
Bob Livingston: Somewhat, but not dramatically.
Steve Tusa: Okay. That’s a really great answer. And then lastly, just on energy, what do you -- did you change at all your margin expectations. What's the margin you expect for the full year?
Bob Livingston: Oh gosh. I don't have that data with me. I don't think from the margin expectations from our April call, the answer is no. In fact, they may have edged up 20 or 30 bps, 40bps from the April call expectation.
Brad Cerepak: No. I think they're up a little bit more than that. I think our expectations now are up about somewhere around 80 bps.
Bob Livingston: 80 bps.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And that’s 80 bps from where you were, from where you had originally guided?
Brad Cerepak: That’s right. 
Steve Tusa: Okay. One last quick question, on refrigeration and food, you got like 2.5% price, 2.4% price. Where did that come from? What drove that?
Brad Cerepak: So some of it is material surcharges, offsetting the material inflation we've seen in the first half of the year. And in fact, I think in the second half of the year, the price increases -- and the price increases are done by the way. They were done at the end of the first quarter and coming into the second quarter. I actually think the price increases we've seen in that segment negate the material inflation that you would -- that we would receive as an input cost in the second half of the year.
Steve Tusa: Is that a new mechanism for you guys?
Brad Cerepak: Some of it is also strategic pricing, Steve, but we have been very aggressive on material surcharge pricing.
Steve Tusa: Is that a new mechanism that you guys have put in place, because I recall this business was a little bit more pinched historically? So that's kind of something you guys have done as a reaction to kind of the last ten years of kind of history or whatever it is, where you know you're just kind of operating smarter?
Brad Cerepak: I'm not sure it's 10 years, but I would say the last five or six for sure. Yes. And it is new.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Mircea Dobre with Baird.
Mircea Dobre: Just wanted to ask a question on optics rather than content, so for several years no, energy was typically the first segment discussed in your slides, it was the first segment discussed in Q. Now we've seen the second move at the end and obviously performance here is quite good. So I'm just wondering as to why this change has been made, what should we interpret that as and why now?
Brad Cerepak: Well, I guess the biggest reason for that -- my answer is I was a bit bored. So for four years now, the order of the presentation has been alphabetical. I just decided to change it. Actually, we started to change it with our June investor conference and we just moved it from large to small. It's just as simple.
Mircea Dobre: Okay. All right. So I shouldn’t read anything else in it?
Brad Cerepak: I'm just bored.
Mircea Dobre: Okay. And then my follow-up, maybe talking a little bit about engineered, sort of a guidance question for the second half. Performance here has been good, north of 3% organic for revenue in the front half. The bookings have grown organically double digits and yet your revenue guidance is only 3% to 4% organically for the year and the comps really aren’t getting tougher. So I'm wondering if it's the same level of conservatism as to what you apply in our revenue or if there's something else I should be thinking about.
Bob Livingston: Look, I have pointed out, I guess with two segments, both refrigeration and energy that our guide for the second half could be conservative. I'd like to think on that way for the entire group of segments for Dover. Don't read anything into, don't read anything into disparities here at Engineered Systems for the second half. We've got a fairly strong third quarter planned. I think across the board, we've taken a bit of a conservative attitude towards the fourth quarter and we just have a lot of delight with what's going on in engineered systems.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Deutsche Bank.
John Inch: I guess I have a question about the font you used in your presentation.
Bob Livingston: I'm not going to answer that one.
Brad Cerepak: Don't imply anything by the size of the font.
John Inch: That was a cheap shot, but I couldn't resist. Okay. The performance, including restructuring this year, the $1.36 to $1.40, Brad, can you remind us how much of that you say it's including restructuring benefits, how much of the restructuring benefits again in 2017 and are there a spillover that you could quantify that go into ’18?
Brad Cerepak: Oh gosh. Okay. But restructuring benefits, I think last time we said within that line item, the restructuring benefits would be about 46 million, which included carryover from the prior year 2016. Now given the acceleration that we're talking about with respect to the integration with DFS and other activities, we're now at about 52 million, so up 6 million of restructuring benefits. At this point, I really don't have a good number of the carry over into ’18, but certainly we're going to continue to see the continuing impact of the integration activity where we said 35 plus million I think, we were thinking. It wants to go higher and we’re not seeing a lot of that right now in 2017, because of the costs. The delta between the benefits and the cost being about 6 million, that continues to grow into those out years, so that you can count on.
John Inch: Yeah. That makes sense. Bob, what were your comments around EMV in ’18, I missed it. You were talking about EMV picking up significantly in ’18. What’s the framework in context of that again please?
Bob Livingston: To be specific, we shared this at our June investor conference that we do expect some slowdown and softness and EMV roll-out here in the US in the second half of ’17 and in the first half of ’18. But we do expect that EMV activity to start to pick up in a measurable way in the second half of ’18.
John Inch: So that makes sense. So that's just basically the anniversarying of the soft patch because of the push out in spite of the deadlines, are customers kind of giving you that feedback? I mean, obviously your primary competitor is sort of saying the big oil companies are still spending and what, I'm just trying to understand how kind of hard and fast some of these estimates sort of are, so –
Bob Livingston: Yeah. I would agree with that. Our larger customers, the oil companies and some of the larger chains have continued with their EMV upgrades, especially in the first half, but those commitments were made by the customers in the October-November-December timeframe of last year and they have continued with their EMV upgrades and we still see continuing EMV upgrades in the second half. It hasn't fallen to zero. It's just not as strong as we would have expected eight months ago. But the input we're getting from customers is, they can defer it a year and many of them are deciding to do that.
John Inch: That makes sense. If we go back to earlier in the year, you were cautioning against getting too crazy in terms of us forecasting too high a variable contribution margins for energy and I think one of the commentaries was, look, we might have to put back or layer in some cost. So I guess I'm wondering is that still sort of valid, I mean, you did really great variable contribution margins this quarter and the context I'm sort of trying to understand is, as the rig counts kind of swap the baton with well completion, is there something about the mix of those activities or sort of absorbing fixed costs that naturally would cause for variable contribution kind of rates if you will to ebb against this notion of, I do actually have to hire people back because the business is just really good.
Bob Livingston: No. I understand your question. So I would tell you that we did especially in our drilling inserts business, we did see cost added in the first quarter. We saw some additional cost added in the second quarter, and in the second quarter, we did make a conscious decision that we wanted to bring our lead times and our delivery cycles back in. We divide and stretch a little bit, but we’re willing to bring them back in. Within artificial lift, the bulk of the cost adds here in the first half of the year, I don't want to say all of it, but it has been primarily related and restricted to cost adds around our ESP business. In the second half of the year, as we expect well completion activity to pick up a bit, we will have to add some cost in other parts of artificial lift.
John Inch: And just last, our energy, so all this opining about divesting energy, what about the prospect of doing an energy deal or two maybe in -- maybe in the submersible pump business or something like that, is that off the table and if so why would it be?
Bob Livingston: Well, that question has been asked before and I -- my response -- my response over the last six or nine months has been, look, what we have today and especially in artificial lift and automation, it reflects the strategy that we laid out in ’09 and ’10 to build this upstream business and we were really focused around artificial lift. And if you look at where our spending on acquisitions has been over the last six years, Brad, over the last six years, within this segment, gosh, I think 90% of it has been in artificial lift. We actually feel we're pretty much done with larger deals in the upstream business. There is always a smaller opportunity or two that we look at. We're looking at one or two right now that would help us expand our capability, especially around technology or geo in artificial lift. But you shouldn't -- you shouldn't expect us to be spending any significant M&A dollars in our upstream energy business next quarter, the following quarter or next year.
John Inch: Yeah. Just wasn’t sure if the thought had maybe changed, considering the industry has rebounded to the degree it has.
Bob Livingston: No. I think if you're going to see anything of any, I call it, reportable size within upstream, you'd see us execute on something around automation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC.
Deane Dray: Yes. Back to energy and I may have missed this, but can you comment on the contribution from price across the business by drilling and production and bearings and automation.
Bob Livingston: Okay. My comment, my lead comment on price for energy for the second quarter is that it was neutral. Maybe, it was what, a positive 0.5% or something, which is called neutral. We actually do expect a little bit of a price increase activity in the second half, Deane. I would label it as very specific, very modest and most of what we're looking at right now is to offset the increased costs we're seeing on some steel input.
Deane Dray: And then when I look at the book to bill just under 1 and I'm trying to reconcile that with the comments and the nice things you're saying about bearings and compression growth in the quarter. Since that's a bit longer cycle, I would have thought you would have seen that come through in higher bookings and I know on an absolute basis, bookings were up big, but why wouldn't that have been reflected in a higher book to bill?
Bob Livingston: I just wouldn’t read anything to it. I think it's just all a matter of timing. We had an outstanding quarter at bearings and compression in the second quarter. The revenue and earnings were a bit higher than we had anticipated, coming into the quarter. And it's -- that business is pretty much a book and ship business. It just doesn't carry a lot of backlog.
Operator: Your next question is from Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones: If we could start with some of these investments, you called out engineering and corporate investments, are there an increased level of investments going on in other segments? Is this, maybe you’re catching up on some stuff that you'd scaled back in the last couple of years when demand wasn't great and how you're thinking about making some of these, what I assume are more voluntary investments going forward?
Bob Livingston: No. At the segment level, I think the only significant investment that we've called out and we did that early in the year, I think on the, at our January meeting and our January call was within engineered systems and we did make a very conscious decision late last year as we come into 2017 to increase some investment spending, we call it investment spending, it's the P&L around the build out of our digital textile business and a little bit more, little bit of an increase in product development spending and innovation spending within our marketing and coating business. But if you look at the other three segments, yes, I mean we've increased spending, but it was not along the lines of warranting a call out, like we did at engineered systems.  With respect to -- your other comment was with respect to what corporate and it is up a bit this year. We have increased our spending around IT security. We've increased some spending around IT infrastructure. And we're carrying a little bit more of expense at corporate right now with respect to helping us manage our digital rollout.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And then just in the fluids business, you’ve obviously seen a big pickup in the short cycle energy business, some of your long cycle energy business that’s hitting fluids, have you seen any change in trends in that business there.
Bob Livingston: So within, this is specific to pumps, correct?
Nathan Jones: Yes.
Bob Livingston: All right. Within the pumps, I would say the only thing that we've noticed in pumps with respect to our longer cycle oil and gas exposure is that we have seen throughout the year, it was more noticeable in the second quarter than it was in the first. We have seen an increase in pump activity, especially in the Permian. But that's not what was driving the 4% organic growth in the second quarter and I’m sitting here today, I will tell you that's not what's driving our increased outlook for fluids in the second half of the year. It really is an increased activity in, what I would call, industrial applications and continuing increased activity in the hygienic and pharma.
Operator: At this time, we have time for one additional question. Your next question is from Scott Graham with BMO Capital Markets.
Scott Graham: I have one question and seven follow-ups. My primary question is about the fueling and transport business. And, I know the part of the idea behind acquiring Wayne was to build your critical mass, not just in EMV, but really also away from the EMV, that portion of the business and what gets this business growing, when does that critical mass start to be brought upon the market to accelerate the growth away from EMV?
Bob Livingston: Oh, I think we're seeing it this year. As we have, I think shared at least once last year and a couple of times this year, we see the -- we see that retail -- we see that retail fueling market as a sort of -- as a baseline globally, growing something like 3% a year. And then, you have some, I call it, special cycles that you add to it, EMV being one of them. And we’ll experience that in 2017. Don't lose sight of the fact, don't lose sight of the fact that within fueling and transport, which includes OPW that there's a business within OPW that provides components and hardware for the railroads. And that rail business is actually down about 20% this year. And we have been talking about that and signaling that for the past, I don't know Brad, four or five quarters, but it will continue to be down this year and it is a headwind for that fueling and transport business. The other parts of fueling and transport I think are doing quite well.
Scott Graham: My follow up is simple, the pumps business. We saw some nice organic growth in that business. Did you see anything in any specific end market that was the driver there? I know the comparison was easy, but still up 6 is up 6 and just kind of wondering what was the driver there.
Bob Livingston: Well, I’ve sort of commented on that from an application point of view, it was General Industrial. It was hygienic and pharma and the only other color I would add to that, it was very broad based from a geographic expansion. We saw growth here in US, North America, Europe and China and Asia. It was quite broad based.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Stephanie. I just wanted to thank everybody for joining us today on the conference call. We thank you for your interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day and a good weekend. Thanks. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s second quarter 2017 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Livingston - CEO Brad Cerepak - CFO Paul Goldberg - VP, IR
Analysts: Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Andrew Obin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Andrew Kaplowitz - Citigroup Scott Davis - Barclays Capital Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the First Quarter 2017 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s first quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today’s call will begin with comment from Bob and Brad on Dover’s first quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our updated full year outlook. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up.  Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 4 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 5826839. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Let me begin by saying I am very pleased with our first quarter business activity and results. Revenue and bookings growth was broad based at every segment. I was very encouraged by our organic performance as revenue was up 4% and bookings increased 12%. When factoring the significant contribution from acquisitions as well as the impact from dispositions, revenue and bookings grew a very healthy 12% and 21% respectively.  During the quarter, the recovery of our US drilling and production markets accelerated on higher than expected rig count. Well completions also expanded in the quarter. Further, our businesses serving the printing and identification, retail fueling, and retail refrigeration markets, as well as the majority of our other industrial markets had very solid activity. From a geographic perspective, US, Europe, and China markets all grew organically year over year.  From a segment perspective, energy exceeded expectations with broad based improvements. Revenue was up 15% organically, largely driven by early cycle upstream applications benefiting both our drilling and artificial lift businesses. Our automation and bearings and compression businesses also had a very strong quarter. We converted very well on the volume improvements, resulting in segment margin above expectations.  Engineered Systems growth of 5% reflected another strong quarter in printing, identification, and the impact of acquisitions. In the industrial platform, growth in the majority of our end markets, most notably auto service equipment, was offset by reduced volume in our Environmental Solutions business. Of note, although chassis supply has been challenging, it did improve as we exited the quarter. Overall, bookings were very strong.  Fluids also had a very solid quarter, posting 32% revenue growth. Solid activity in retail fueling, along with the majority of our other businesses, was partially offset by continued softness and longer cycle oil and gas applications, most notably transport activity. Of note, Dover Fueling Solutions had strong first quarter market activity and remains on track with our integration plans and delivery of synergy benefits.  Refrigeration and food equipment revenue grew 5% organically. This result primarily reflects strong activity in the retail refrigeration market, especially in the glass door and refrigeration case and systems product lines. Customers are increasingly closing medium temperature cases, which is benefiting our business.  Now looking forward. In energy, stronger than expected US rig count deployment, along with increasing well completion activity, will result in higher full year revenue growth than previously expected. We are now assuming the 2017 average US rig count to be between 820 and 840, up significantly from our forecast at the beginning of the year. We are maintaining our forecast for the average WTI price to be around $55. Our improved outlook reflects our strong position in the Permian and the success of our drill bit insert and ESP product lines. We are also benefiting from improved bill rates by our bearing and compressions OEM customers.  In Engineered Systems, we expect our printing and identification platform to continue to deliver consistent solid performance, driven by our unique position in the digital textile market and our focus on consumables in marking and coding. Regarding our industrial platform, we anticipate an increase in year-over-year organic revenue driven by our strong bookings. Within fluids, we expect the majority of our businesses to remain solid, including retail fueling, hygienic and pharma, and other industrial markets. The strong overall growth rate in this segment will be primarily driven by Dover Fueling Solutions, where the US is growing nicely and European markets are improving. We also expect our transport market, which has largely stabilized sequentially, to benefit from easier comps in the back half of the year.  Finally, in refrigeration and food equipment, healthy bookings, especially in retail refrigeration, will drive higher revenue than previously forecasted. The strength in our retail refrigeration business reflects our leading position in glass doors and cases as well as our technology around energy efficiency. We also expect food equipment to have a solid year.  Given the continuing strength of our bookings activity as we enter the second quarter, we feel confident of delivering strong performance across all segments in 2017. As a result, we are raising our full year revenue and EPS guidance.  With that, I'd like to turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning everyone. Let's start on Slide three of our presentation deck. Today, we reported first quarter revenue of $1.8 billion, an increase of 12%. Growth from acquisitions of 12% was complemented by organic growth of 4%. Partially offsetting these strong results was a 4% impact from dispositions and FX.  EPS was a $1.09 and included a gain of $0.39. Adjusted EPS of $0.70 exceeded the high end of our expectations, principally reflecting strong performance on higher revenue and a lower tax rate.  Adjusted segment margin was 11.8%, an 80 basis point improvement over last year, largely driven by strong incremental margin on increased volume in our energy segment. Bookings increased 21% to $2 billion. This positive result was broad based and reflects organic growth of 12% and acquisition growth of 12%, offset by a 3% combined impact of dispositions and FX. Total company book to bill finished at a seasonally strong 1.12. Overall, our backlog increased 20% to $1.3 billion. On an organic basis, backlog increased 13%.  Free cash flow was $36 million for the first quarter, which is always our lowest quarter of the year. Our quarterly result was impacted by inventory increases driven by selective pre-builds. Overall, we remain committed to full year free cash flow of about 11% of revenue or 140% of net income.  Now turning to Slide four. Organic growth in the quarter was solid led by energies growth of 15% on improving US oil and gas fundamentals. Refrigeration and food equipment increased 5%, primarily on strong retail refrigeration markets. Engineered Systems was up 2%, primarily reflecting continued solid growth in printing and identification. Fluids organic revenue declined 2%, principally reflecting weak longer cycle transport markets. As seen on the chart, acquisition growth in the quarter was most prevalent at Fluids and Engineered Systems at 35% and 9% respectively. Now moving to Slide five. Energy revenue of $324 million increased 14% year over year and 11% sequentially. Earnings were $42 million and segment margin was 12.9%, both significantly improved over last year. These results exceeded our expectations, driven by continuing improvements in oil and gas fundamentals, especially the US retail. These results also reflect strong conversion on volume.  Bookings of $348 million were up 27% year over year and 16% sequentially. These bookings trends, along with continued rig count additions and higher expected well completions, set us up for a strong second quarter. In total, in the second quarter, we expect year over year revenue growth of about 30% or 4% on a sequential basis. Book to bill finished at 1.07. Turning to Slide six. Engineered Systems revenue of $608 million was up 5% overall and included organic growth of 2%. Excluding a gain on a disposition, earnings of $86 million increased 4% over an adjusted prior year, driven by volume growth. Our Printing and Identification platform revenue of $249 million increased 4%. Organic revenue was up 5%, reflecting solid global marking and coding and strong digital textile markets. In the industrial platform, revenue increased 6% to $359 million. This result included net acquisition growth of 8% and a 1% organic decline. The organic decline was attributable to lower shipments at environmental solutions. The remaining businesses in the industrial platform, all delivered solid organic growth, especially our auto service equipment business. Adjusted margin was 14.2%, essentially in line with last year. Bookings of $676 million were up 18% overall, including organic bookings growth of 12% and growth from net acquisitions of 7%. Organic bookings growth was very broad based, with printing and identification up 7% and industrials up 15%. Book to bill for printing and identification was 1.03. Industirals was 1.17. Overall book to bill was 1.11. Now on Slide seven. Foods revenue increased 32% to $525 million, principally driven by acquisitions. This revenue performance primarily reflects solid activity across the majority of our businesses, especially retail fueling within fueling and transport. This market is benefiting from robust activity in the US and also from improving international activity. Overall, organic revenue declined 2% and FX was a 1% headwind. Earnings increased 14% to $53 million, largely driven by volume growth, offset in part by $4 million of integration and restructuring costs. Margin in the quarter was 10%, slightly better than expected. Bookings grew significantly to $566 million, an increase of 35%. This result reflects acquisition growth of 35% and organic growth of 2%. Organics booking growth was broad based. Book to bill was 1.08. Now let's turn to Slide eight. Refrigeration and food equipments revenue of $357 million included organic revenue growth of 5%. Organic revenue increase was largely driven by the strong activity in the glass door and refrigeration case product lines. Food equipment results reflected solid organic growth in the commercial kitchen equipment markets, offset by expected lower shipments in can shaping equipment. Earnings of $34 million were down 12% year over year, reflecting a $2 million impact from a disposition in the prior year and approximately $2 million in restructuring. Margin was 9.4%, 110 basis points below last year and largely in line with our forecast. Bookings of $439 million increased 7% overall and 13% organically, reflecting strong order rates in nearly all of our end markets. Book to bill was seasonally strong at 1.23. Going to the overview on Slide nine, let me cover some highlights. Corporate expense and interest expense were both essentially in line with expectations. Our first quarter tax rate was 25.7%, reflecting the impact of a disposition and other discrete items of about $0.04. Excluding these items, our normalized rate was 27.8%.  Moving on to Slide 10 which shows our 2017 guidance. As Bob previously mentioned, we are increasing our annual guidance. We now expect total revenue to increase 11% to 13% versus our prior forecast of 10% to 12%. This forecast includes organic revenue growth of 4% to 6%, up one point. Our expectation for full year acquisition growth is largely unchanged. Completed dispositions will now impact revenue by 2% and FX is now expected to be a 1% headwind.  From a segment perspective, energy is now expected to grow 20% to 23% organically, up seven points over the last forecast, largely driven by the growth in our drilling and production and automation businesses. Engineered Systems and Fluids organic growth rates are both being raised one point at the low end, driven by solid bookings growth. Refrigeration and food equipments estimated revenue range has been increased one point to reflect our strong first quarter and continued bookings momentum. Corporate expense has been increased $5 million and net interest expense remains unchanged from our last forecast. Our full year tax rate is now expected to be slightly lower than our initial estimate, largely driven by favorable tax items reported in the first quarter. Our forecast for CapEx and free cash flow is also unchanged from the prior forecast. Lastly, we now expect full year segment margin to be around 14%, excluding the gain, up about 30 basis points from our prior forecast. Turning to the bridge on Slide eleven. Starting with 2016 adjusted EPS of $2.85 as a base, the year over year impact of lower restructuring cost in 2017 is unchanged. Performance, including volume productivity pricing and restructuring benefits, is now expected to increase $0.29 from the prior forecast at the midpoint, principally driven by our improved organic revenue forecast, especially at energy. Compensation investment will now be about $0.02 higher than our prior forecast. The combined impact of interest corporate expense and the tax rate is about $0.01 lower than our prior forecast. Lastly, the full year net benefit from disposition will be $0.35. This represents a gain on sale of $0.39 less the $0.04 of previously forecasted earnings from the divested business. In total, we expect 2017 EPS to be in the range of $4.05 to $4.20.  With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Bob for some final thoughts. 
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As we begin the second quarter, I am pleased with the start to our year. Our strong first quarter bookings growth was much more than oil and gas recovery. I like the growth we are seeing across our portfolio and across our major geographic regions. This overall improvement sets the stage for stronger revenue growth in 2017. Beyond the markets, we continue to make strides in several other areas. We are actively investing for growth around Dover. We are increasing sales and customer facing resources, expanding engineering talent and all businesses are focused on driving growth. In addition, we are building our capabilities within many of our businesses. One example of this is our new digital textile printing center of excellence to promote this exciting technology and accelerate its adoption.  We are also continuing to drive productivity through a number of initiatives, including global supply chain, our shared service organization and through relentless efforts around lean and facility consolidation. These efforts, combined with our four main objectives heading into the year, are our primary focus. As a reminder, the objectives are to fully leverage the North American oil and gas recovery, capture significant market opportunities from our acquisitions in Fluids and Engineered Systems, drive core margin improvement and successfully integrate our new acquisitions and capture the synergy benefits. We are doing well against these objectives.  Our energy results have been very strong. Our recent Wayne and RAV acquisitions are performing above plan. Our integration plan is on track and segment margin is showing improvement. In all, while we still have several opportunities for improvement, we've made meaningful progress in a number of key areas. In summary, our markets remain very constructive as we begin the second quarter and I am confident we will continue to perform well, execute on our objectives and leverage our strengths.  With that, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. Okay Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. Before we take questions, I just want to remind the group that we have several people in queue. So if you can ask one question with a follow up, I'm sure that everybody on the line will appreciate that. And with that, Paula, if we can have the first question. 
Operator: Your first question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan of UBS
Shannon O’Callaghan: Morning guys. Hey Bob, maybe start with kind of the mix of business through the year on energy. You talked about rig count better than expected. You also mentioned well completions. Can you talk about how much is being driven by drilling at this point and how you see a bit of the hand off or the pickup from artificial lift phasing maybe through the year?
Bob Livingston: Yes. Good question, Shannon. So that's a forward question, not a first quarter question, correct?
Shannon O’Callaghan: Both. Yes.
Bob Livingston: Yes, both. Okay. So I would say in the first quarter I think the over performance in energy was primarily attributable to the rig count activity being higher than we expected coming into the year. We did see well completion activity increase during the first quarter, but at a much lower rate than we saw on the rate of change with respect to drilling activity. In fact the industry data - I just looked at, I guess it was just a few days ago, even with the well completion activity increase in the first quarter, uncompleted well backlog actually increased in the first quarter. So as we look at the balance of the year with respect to energy, we've got a bit more of a muted expectation with respect to rate of change on rig count in the second, third, and fourth quarters.  We still see increases, but the rate of change will be quite less than we saw in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year, but we are expecting to see well completion activity pick up, especially in the second half of the year. I mentioned this increase in uncompleted wells in the first quarter. Shannon, here is where I would probably be willing right now to give a comment with respect to ’18. I think this uncompleted well backlog that will see activity start to increase again here is in the second and third quarter. I think it really is setting this energy segment up well for continued well completion activity into 2018 and perhaps even beyond. We feel quite bullish about the well completion activity in front of us. 
Shannon O’Callaghan: Okay, great. And then just on refrigeration, seeing some nice strong orders there, just your thoughts on converting that to margin based on some of the production changes you've made in the plants and the change in the mix of orders, et cetera. And then it also sounds like close-the-case is picking up a bit. So maybe just, as you think about the changing mix of the business and the production changes you've made, how confident are you in the ability to convert those orders into attractive margins.
Bob Livingston: So it's - let me comment first on the close-the-case activity. I think we commented on this both at our investor dinner earlier in the year as well as on our January call that this was a big change that we truly did expect to see. We expected change to be rather measurable in 2017 to start to see more and more of the medium temp door cases being taken by our customers with doors on them. That is happening. So that increase in activity both at Hill Phoenix, and I would also say at Anthony was fairly healthy in the first quarter. And we expect that change to continue and we feel very well positioned to benefit from that change. To your other question, with respect to Hill Phoenix, the activity in the first quarter, I would say that our production efficiency and manufacturing initiatives that we had planned for the first quarter, I think we executed well. The results we were looking for in the first quarter were on plan, if not slightly better than we expected, but I'll also repeat myself again. You’re not going to see the pickup in margins in this segment until the second half of the year. And I think the effort that the guys are working on inside the factory and their productivity efforts in the second quarter will continue to show progress and we will deliver these margin improvements in the second half. 
Shannon O’Callaghan: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: Good morning guys. Yes. So - wow, what difference three months makes. I wanted to stick with refrigeration.
Bob Livingston: What? It’s your birthday, Nigel?
Nigel Coe: Sorry?
Bob Livingston: Did you have a birthday?
Nigel Coe: I'm kind of forgetting my birthday at this age. But sticking with refrigeration, obviously a huge uptick in backlog activity there. I’m just wondering, have we seen a change in the underlying market conditions? Is there some large projects stored the numbers, gaining share? Any color there would be helpful.
Bob Livingston: I'm not going to comment on share gains. We actually won't see the industry data on the first quarter for probably another three or four weeks. But the profile in the first quarter was different, Nigel. We know we had some activity with a couple of customers, one of them being one of our top five or six customers, that those orders we would typically have expected to be second quarter orders, they came in in the first quarter. To put us in perspective, we're actually not changing our expectations for the first half with respect to Hill Phoenix. So the over performance we had on orders and in revenue in the first quarter, we're assuming right now we'll pay that back a little bit here in the second quarter, but we are looking for an improved forecast for the year. That said, I will tell you that the order activity so far in April has been quite reflective of what we were seeing in February and in March. So it's - this is one area where we could have another pleasant surprise here in the second quarter. 
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. And then maybe for Brad. Can you just call out the impact to refrigeration margins from the manufacturing alignment and also the impact to fluids margins from Wayne accounting?
Brad Cerepak: Holy. Let’s see here. I'm looking at Bob. So I actually don't have in front of me the data on the Wayne margins inclusive of ADNA. They're not negative, but they’re - we are - as your question infers, we are eating a fair amount of purchase accounting charges here in the first quarter. From a full year perspective, let me give you this comment. I think you should have a fairly good feel for the ADNA for this business for the full year. We do see the operating margins for Wayne and Tokheim expanding through the year. The first quarter is the lowest quarter of the year, both in revenue and earnings for this business. I think for the year, we're looking at margins for the year of 11% in my operating margins brand, 11% for the year, with the fourth quarter being maybe 300 basis points higher than the yearly average. And the first quarter was - I don't think we hit 8% operating margins in the first quarter. 
Bob Livingston: Just shy of 8%.
Brad Cerepak: Just shy of 8%. Yes. So I guess to add to that. The Wayne business is typically double digit, slightly over double digit type margin profile, ex ADNA again, all these numbers that Bob is talking about. And Tokheim, we've told you before is in the high single. So the combination of those two …
Bob Livingston: Is 11 for the year.
Brad Cerepak: Is about 11 for the year. Now, we're - what I would say is DFS or Dover …
Bob Livingston: Fueling Solutions.
Brad Cerepak: Fueling Solutions, we're off to a great start there. I would expect that we will beat our plan with respect to acquisition, delivery of EPS related to DFS.
Nigel Coe: Great and then just any color on the manufacturing costs in refrigeration?
Bob Livingston: I think we still had some production variances in the first quarter. I would call them production variances higher than what they should be, but that variance is half of what it was in the fourth quarter and in the third quarter of last year. I will point out one of the things with respect to refrigeration, Nigel. even though we did see the improvement in production variances, what I call the factory variances in the first quarter and my earlier comment, was as planned, if not a bit better. we were encountering some input cost - metal cost headwinds in the first quarter and Brad, that number was probably about $4 million higher metal cost than we had anticipated coming into the year. We'll continue to see that as a headwind in the second quarter. We are processing material surcharges with our customers. We expect to offset not all of it because there is a lag, but we expect offset a significant chunk of that as we go through the year. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague at Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you gentlemen. Good morning. Wonder if we could just flesh out a little bit more on the energy progression. And I guess the nature of my question is to make sure we get kind of the margin dynamics correct here. So you clearly obviously had a very, very rich mix in Q1 with drilling leading your business up. 
Bob Livingston: Good catch.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes. So I'm trying to kind of balance the idea of you still should show very good operating leverage off of the press space and every one of your businesses, but as the completion activity comes up and perhaps other things are going on, how should we think about this margin progression for the year. 
Brad Cerepak: Okay. So let's stay with the first quarter first. As you know, the conversion there was significant year over year. Adjusted ex restructuring, Jeff, 60% conversion year over year, driven on the strength of drilling as you point out. Sequential improvement in margin on the higher volume about 30%, 31%. As I think about it going forward, and we gave you some numbers related to the second quarter in our script, the pre read, I’m thinking that the year over year for the year, for the full year, will be in the 40% range. So coming off that high first quarter conversion will moderate based upon the mix of business. But sequentially I still see going sequential improvement in that 30% range. 
Jeffrey Sprague: And according, that’s with the restructuring, X, that's underlying ex all restructuring costs.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, it is.
Bob Livingston: Yes. And I would add one other point here to what Brad just shared with you. I think you will also see us here in the second quarter and third quarter add a little bit of cost back into the segment. We have tried to stay as lean as we possibly could in the fourth quarter and first quarter, but as the drilling activity continues to increase and we start to see an increase in well completion activity, Jeff I don't want to see a lead time stretch. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Right. Just a quick follow up on energy and then I have one other question. Just how should we think about the growth in your drill business versus the rig count in the quarter? I assume you lag that growth by some amount as we inflect it higher. I think the rig count was up 33%. 
Bob Livingston: Yes. I do that data, Brad. My recall is, is that our improvement, our rev - our top line growth in our drill bit and serve business, was actually fairly well correlated with the increase in rig count. In fact it may have been a bit higher. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay, great. And then just quickly on cash flow, looked unusually low in the quarter. What's going on there? It sounds like you're pretty comfortable with the year. 
Brad Cerepak: Still feel very comfortable with the year. First quarter activity was a little bit stronger than we expected, Jeff coming into the quarter. So the inventory levels naturally were a bit higher. Receivables a little bit higher than we expected, but I would also tell you that in a couple areas of the business, we did make decisions about halfway through the quarter to do some selective pre-builds to make sure we were holding delivery times where we wanted them to be in the second quarter. And that's - they were …
Bob Livingston: (Indiscernible) about 40 million.
Brad Cerepak: About 40 million.
Bob Livingston: 40, 45 million of free flow.
Brad Cerepak: $40 million of inventory that was - I would just label as pre-builds to support second quarter delivery schedules. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin: Good morning. Just to get away a little bit from drilling and refrigeration, you’ve sort of made this commentary that I think in every segment that you're seeing broad based booking strength. We getting a lot of questions from investors about the macro environment. What’s your read on the macro in the US and globally based on this booking strength? What does it tell you?
Bob Livingston: Well, so if I could ignore I'll call it projects, which tend to distort some of the numbers on occasion, I would say that the industrial activity we were seeing here in North America, here in the US, was fairly indicative of what we were seeing in the third and fourth quarter of last year. And by that, I am also telling you, probably not much of an increase. I mean it was healthy, but I'm not sure we actually saw - I would label it as an increase in market activity here in the US. In Europe I would label the first quarter activity and perhaps even what our expectations are for the second quarter, as an improvement in general market activity for Europe.  Our growth in China was fairly strong. It was I think our organic growth in China may have been - it was better than mid single digits. I think it may have been 7% or 8%, even approaching 10% in the first quarter. And that's important for us because I think I made this comment on our January call with respect to the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter of last year was organic positive for us in China. And I believe the fourth quarter was our first quarter in about seven we'd actually had positive organic growth. So we see that as a fairly positive signal for our business activity in China. The balance of the year may not be pushing 10%, but we look at it as a fairly healthy market for us over the balance of the year. 
Andrew Obin: And just a follow up on fluids within your pumps business. Maybe I missed it. could you just comment on the pricing environment and what are you seeing in terms of bookings on the pumps, and as I said, the quality of the backlog and where it's coming from, and when does it inflect positively? I guess that’s the question.
Bob Livingston: Well, if your comment is on industrial and by that, you're asking me to exclude the impact of some of the later cycle oil and gas activity that we're doing.
Andrew Obin: No. actually no. All inclusive, including the …
Bob Livingston: Oh, inclusive of that. Okay. 
Andrew Obin: Yes.
Bob Livingston: I know the second half is positive organic growth for our pumps business. And Brad is nodding yes. The second quarter is as well. I knew the second half was. So I think our inflection point is the first quarter. And we’re anticipating fairly healthy mid single digit organic growth out of our pumps business for the balance of the year. 
Andrew Obin: And how is pricing?
Bob Livingston: Normal. 
Andrew Obin: Thanks so much. Congratulations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa, JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Good morning. So just to kind of put a bow on it. I guess the 40% incremental ex structuring for the year, is that around the 13% margin for energy? What’s the margin you’re dialing in for energy for the year?
Brad Cerepak: Slightly over 13, yes.
Bob Livingston: Slightly above 13.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just, you guys had given I think some color on the margins for the rest of the segments during the guidance period. Maybe if you could just update some of those or any change. I think it was 15 point, high 15 to 16 in energy and engineered, 13 in changing fluids, 13 in change refrigeration. Maybe just give us some update on the margins by segment for the year.
Brad Cerepak: So I think, Steve you're dead on with those numbers. Here what I would say, is we just went through energy. We’re up 30 to 40 basis points from our last estimates. So that spread pretty evenly across the other three segments. That’s the best way to think of it. So everybody up slightly with energy being up significant. 
Steve Tusa: All right. And then just the - I guess just the second quarter, the margin cadence in fluids, seasonally there's a little bit of noise there from the acquisition, et cetera. Is that - what should we think about as the margin there for the second quarter?
Bob Livingston: Well, I mean I think it's going to be indicative of the full year type of rate. 
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Bob Livingston: So I think you’ll see that and that rate will build into the third …
Brad Cerepak: Through the third and the fourth.
Bob Livingston: Yes, so that the total year, the second quarter looks like the full year, but the first quarter is lower as you know. So it has to build into the back half as the seasonality of the business there.
Steve Tusa: Right. and then just one last quickly on the product recall charge you took in the fourth quarter, I noticed in the 10-Q that was I think tweaked down a little bit from what you had originally expected. Would that have been a change - did that impact the income statement at all/
Brad Cerepak: No. That’s just cash payments against the reserves.
Steve Tusa: Okay, got it.
Bob Livingston: Yes. No P&L impact.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Your next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning guys. Bob or Brad, you mentioned that your organic backlog growth was up 13% as of the first quarter, but you only raised your organic revenue guide for the year up a percent to 5%. So maybe you can talk about the balance between being conservative, maybe more difficult comparison in the second half of the year. And are there any concerns you have in any of your businesses that they could be a little slower in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year.
Bob Livingston: Any of our businesses being slower in the second half, I cannot think of a single one.
Brad Cerepak: No.
Bob Livingston: No. The answer is no. With respect to your question, are we being a bit conservative with respect to our outlook given the 13% organic growth in bookings in the first quarter? Let me take you back to my comment earlier on refrigeration. We had really strong bookings in refrigeration in the first quarter. The book to bill, gosh, what was it like? 1.2 or 1.25, something like that. I think - I'm not sure I'd label it conservative as much as I would express some caution as we enter the second and third quarter, which is typically the ramp season for Hill Phoenix and Anthony. I made a comment earlier. I have - I think we have some belief that the strong bookings we saw and the strong revenue we saw in the first quarter, we would have normally had some of those bookings and some of those shipments in the second quarter.  So as we move into the second quarter, I think I'm being a little bit cautious, but conservative perhaps. We’ll see - let us play the second quarter out and you can tell me whether we were conservative or just being cautious. If you look at it around the rest of Dover, I think we're boding well and if there is an opportunity for us being described as being conservative, it could very well be - and the point you're making here that maybe there is a little bit of caution even beyond refrigeration. Will the bookings rates that we saw in the first quarter continue into the second half? And the only thing I can share with you right now is that the order rates in April are very reflective of what we were seeing in February and March. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay Bob, that's very helpful. And maybe focusing on ESG, you mentioned cross engineered systems broad based organic bookings growth. And then you mentioned that ESG, the chassis availability issue is getting better toward the end of your quarter. I think you said previously that you would expect it to improve significantly in 2Q. So maybe talk about the expectations for that particular business unit. Do you still think 2Q should look materially better within that business and underlying environment around that business?
Bob Livingston: Q2 will be significantly better within this business than we've seen not just in the fourth quarter, but I would say significantly better than what we saw in the second half of last year. Our bookings within this business in the first quarter were actually quite strong. The market activity for us is quite healthy. I think the book to bill within that business in the first quarter - gosh Brad, 1.3, something like that. It was quite healthy. For the full year, organic growth is up nicely in this business. It may be pushing high single digits for the year. So we see a very strong recovery in this business in the second, third and fourth quarters. The chassis delivery has started to improve. We saw significant improvements in March. We see further improvements in April, and I think by the time we exit the second quarter, we'll feel like our shipment production schedule and our chassis delivery will be well matched. 
Andrew Kaplowitz: Great. Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis of Barclays.
Scott Davis: Good morning guys. I'm not sure you mentioned anything, or if you did, I apologize, but you mention anything about your M&A plans for the rest of 2017, the backlog with how things are tracking in that regard?
Bob Livingston: I guess I would give you a similar comment that I've shared on previous calls. We remain very active at looking at some of our targets and having discussions with companies that have been on our target list for two, three or sometimes 10 years. We announced a small acquisition, I guess it was in April.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, in April.
Bob Livingston: Early April with respect to our digital textile printing initiative. Don't expect anything significant from us in M&A over the next three or four months, Scott. But you may see us close on a couple of smaller deals, sort of reflective of the size that you saw in this announcement earlier this month. 
Scott Davis: Okay. And just, can you remind me what your balance sheet capability, or what you think your next 12 months potential balance sheet number is going to be?
Bob Livingston: My number is always higher than Brad’s. We’ve traditionally said it's in the order of magnitude of $500 million to $700 million, that range. 
Scott Davis: Okay. And does book to bill give you confidence to step up in that regard? I mean just commenting on the fact you didn’t buy back any shares in 1Q. 
Bob Livingston: Look, the execution on our M&A targets, it is significantly lesser influenced by our backlog and it is the ability to reach a conclusion and agreement with the owners of the targets. Don't expect us to announce a share repurchase program for 2017. Our focus is still on growing the business.
Scott Davis: Okay, very clear. Thank you guys. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from Deane Dray of RBC.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Hey, was hoping you could give some more color regarding your comment that the Wayne integration is ahead of plan? 
Bob Livingston: Okay. Like what?
Deane Dray: Integration, new product development, geographic.
Bob Livingston: Let see. The bookings in the first quarter, a little bit stronger than we had in our beginning of the year plan for both Wayne and Tokheim, actually for the entire business, Dover Fueling Solutions. I don't remember what the number was in excess of our plan, but $10 million or $12 million greater than we had anticipated. Synergy, the synergy capture activity was on plan. I would counter that by also saying that are our cost to achieve on our integration activity, we did pull some of that forward from the second quarter into the first quarter. Brad, $1.5 million, $2 million?
Brad Cerepak: About $2 million.
Bob Livingston: Increased spending on restructuring and the second quarter within fluids than we had in our opening plan for the quarter. Europe, Tokheim did very, very well in Europe in the first quarter. That said, I'd also have to remind - I keep reminding myself and I’ll remind you that we didn't do very well in Europe in the first quarter of last year with Tokheim, but the step up year over year by Tokheim in Europe in the first quarter was actually fairly impressive and we feel like that market is beginning to recover for them and they are executing very well. With respect to combining the two businesses, we actually had a price increase in Europe in the first quarter. I think on the Tokheim brand we processed a price increase in 1st of February and with Wayne in Europe, the price increase was announced the 1st of March. This is very noteworthy, Deane because I think this may be the first price increase in Europe in this market in, could be seven or eight years. It’s been a long time and the early read is that the price increase is sticking. So all in all, we're quite pleased with the market activity. We are pleased with what the teams are achieving early in the process on the capture benefits. And we were very pleased that we could move some of the restructuring of what I’d label as the cost to achieve forward from the second quarter into the first quarter. So all in all I'm very happy with this business in the first quarter. 
Deane Dray: Great. That’s real helpful. And just, my follow up, on the mix in energy, I know we saw strength in bearings and compression in the fourth quarter. It looked like it was still pretty healthy into the first quarter. What’s the expectation there? I know that a lot of the focus has been on the drilling and the production side, but how about on the longer cycle equipment?
Bob Livingston: Well, you've picked it up correctly. Bearings and compression performance in the first quarter was healthier, was stronger, both revenue and earnings than we had anticipated coming into the year. For the entire year 2017, this business top line organic will be up mid single digits. And margins, margins are performing quite well and continuing to expand, as they should. 
Deane Dray: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. Just wanted to ask about pricing in energy. It was flat sequentially, down 60 bps year on year. maybe give any color as to how you see that playing out over the rest of the year, and if there are any interesting trends within the sub segments of the business.
Bob Livingston: So let's see here. I think if - when we do the analysis, we would show that pricing was down in the first quarter within energy. Brad, it's a little under $2 million for the first quarter?
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Bob Livingston: But I would also say this was price concessions that were delivered to customers in the second quarter of last year. I do not believe there were any price concessions agreed to in the second half of last year. Am I correct with that statement? Okay. So what we're seeing here in the first quarter is sort of the burn off or the tail end of the price concessions that we gave up in the second quarter of last year. With respect to our guide for2017, we are not including any price increases other than those that we would normally see as we introduce new products where the pricing on those new products may be a bit healthier or stronger than the product it is replacing. 
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Thank you. And then my follow up would just be back to refrigeration and food equipment, just food equipment specifically. You’ve had a tough revenue trend for the past 12 months. It sounds like that's mostly in can shaping still.
Bob Livingston: It is. Yes.
Julian Mitchell: How do you see that playing out from here in terms of the recovery slope?
Bob Livingston: The recovery slope here is pretty strong in the balance of the year for food equipment. With respect to our food service equipment in the first quarter, we had quite healthy organic growth rates just within the food service equipment. We still had some really tough comps in can shaping. We had very good order activity in can shaping in the first quarter. And their plan for the year will have growth. I also think it's high single digits for the year. And here's an important thing to note on that business. I actually believe that the bulk of our revenue forecast for the balance of the year, it may be as much as 80% of our production forecast for the balance of the year within can shaping is in our backlog. 
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Paula. This concludes our conference call. With that, we thank you as always for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day. Thanks. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s first quarter 2017 Dover Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg - Vice President, Investor Relations Bob Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer Brad Cerepak - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Andrew Obin - Bank of America Steven Winoker - Bernstein Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Andrew Kaplowitz - Citi John Inch - Deutsche Bank Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2016 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Kristine. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today’s call will begin with comment from Bob and Brad on Dover’s fourth quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our 2017 outlook. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 9th, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 4961-6212 Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Overall, I was pleased with our fourth quarter business activity and results. Among the highlights in the quarter were a continuing recovery in our shorter cycle drilling and artificial lift markets, along with strong results in our printing and identification platform. We also saw solid activity in bearings and compression, as well as our Petrochemical & Polymer markets. From a geographic perspective, organic growth was mixed. Our U.S. activity excluding energy was flat year-over-year. Our European and China activity improved year-over-year and sequentially. Energy performed very well in the quarter, and modestly exceeded expectations. Revenue was up 7% sequentially, largely driven by early cycle upstream applications. Our brands and compression businesses also had a very good quarter driven by a positive customer mix. Segment margin was 10.5% and EBITDA margin returned to over 20%. Engineered Systems organic growth of 1% was driven by another strong quarter in printing and identification which had 5% growth. In the Industrial platform, organic revenue declined slightly, as activity slowed in the second half of the year at Environmental Solutions. Fluids posted 36% revenue growth, driven by acquisitions, organically, fluids was flat. Within this result, strong activity in our Petrochemical & Polymer, as well as our hygienic and pharma markets was offset by continued softness in our longer cycle oil & gas markets. Refrigeration & Food Equipment revenue declined 1% organically, principally driven by tough comps in canned shaping equipment. Core margin performance was below expectations at Hillphoenix, due to product mix and production challenges in case manufacturing. I am confident of the changes we are implementing will result in improvements in this business. During the quarter, we closed Rav and Wayne, and both are off to a great start. We also closed on the sale of a business not considered core to our growth strategies. Now, looking forward. Within energy, we are encouraged by the recovery in the North American rig count and oil prices during the second half of 2016. We see strong growth in 2017 and have developed our guidance based on an average US rig count of 680 to 700 and an average WTI price of $55. Current market sentiment is a bit more bullish than our assumptions, thus our guidance may turn out to be conservative. In Engineered Systems we expect our Printing & Id platform to continue its strong record of performance, driven by increased equipment sales and very consistent consumable revenue in our marking and coding business. Also a strong contribution from RAV will complement modest but mixed organic growth in our industrial platform. Fluids strong growth will be driven by acquisitions, primarily Wayne, from which we expect a significant contribution to EPS. We also expect to see solid petrochemical and polymer, as well as hygienic and pharma markets. Our longer cycle oil and gas markets are expected to remain soft for the bulk of the year, especially within transport markets. Finally, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, we expect solid activity in food equipment, glass doors, and specialty refrigeration cases. At this time, we expect our standard case business to be modestly down on reduced activity at a few big-box retailers. We are very focused on margin and expect it to be better as customer and product mix and manufacturing all see improvements. Order activity is showing strength early in 2017. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: That thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on slide three of our presentation deck. Today we reported fourth quarter revenue of $1.8 billion, an increase of 5%. Within this result, growth from acquisitions of 11%, more than offset an organic revenue decline of 2% and a 4% impact from dispositions and FX. EPS was $1.03, which included a disposition gain of $0.36, a product recall charge of $0.09, and discrete tax benefits of $0.05. For the full year, EPS was $3.25. The earnings bridge can be found in the appendix of our presentation deck. Segment margin for the quarter was 15.8%, adjusting for the previously mentions special items and restructuring margin was 12.8%. This result was below last year largely driven by lower organic revenue and the impact of acquisitions. Bookings increased 7% from the prior year to $1.7 billion. On an organic basis bookings declined 1%, acquisition growth of 12%, more than offset the combined impact of reduced oil and gas markets, dispositions and FX. Organic bookings in Engineered Systems grew 2%. Refrigeration & Food Equipment declined 2%, while Fluids and Energy were down 3% and 4%, respectively. Total company book-to-bill finished at 0.98. Our overall backlog increased 8% to $1.1 billion, and on organic basis backlog declined 1%. Free cash flow was $240 million or 14% of revenue. For the full year we generated nearly $700 million of free cash flow or 10.3% of revenue. Now let's turn to slide four. Engineered Systems organic revenue increased 1%, reflecting solid growth in Printing & Identification, partially offset by soft industrial markets. Fluids organic revenue was essentially flat; Refrigeration & Food Equipment declined 1%, driven by tough comps in canned shaping equipment. Energy organic revenue was down 8%. As seen on the chart, acquisition growth in the quarter was most prevalent at Fluids and Engineered Systems at 37% and 8%, respectively. Now on slide five. Energy revenue of $293 million decrease 9%, on a sequential basis, revenue increased 7%. Earnings were $31 million and segment margin was 10.5% including restructuring costs of 1 million. These results exceeded our expectations and reflected very strong incremental margin. Bookings of $300 million were down 5% year-over-year, but more importantly showed 11% sequential improvement. These booking trends, along with continued rig count additions set us up for a strong start to the year. Book-to-bill finished at 1.02, of note December book-to-bill was 1.09. Turning to slide six, Engineered Systems revenue of $626 million was up 5% overall, included in this result is organic growth of 1% and net acquisition growth of 5%. Slightly offset by FX. Earnings of $97 million increased 8% principally reflecting a strong performance in Printing & Identification and the benefits of productivity. Our Printing & Identification platform revenue of $268 million increased 4%. Organic revenue was up 5% reflecting solid global marketing coating markets and strong digital printing equipment activity. In the industrial platform, revenue increased 5% to $374 million. This result included net acquisition growth of 7%, and an organic decline of 1%. The organic decline reflected slower activity at Environmental Solutions. Margin was 15.5%, a 60 basis point improvement, primarily reflecting the benefits of productivity programs. Excluding acquisitions, margin was 17.3%, up 220 basis points on a comparative basis. Bookings of $643 million were up 6% overall, including organic bookings growth of 2% and growth from net acquisitions of 5%. Organically, Printing & Identification grew 8%, while Industrials declined 2%. Book-to-bill for Printing & Identification was 1.01, industrial book-to-bill was 1.04. Overall our book-to-bill was 1.03. Now let's move to slide seven. Fluids revenue increased 36% to $483 million. Revenue performance reflects 37% growth from acquisitions, partially offset by a 1% FX impact. Organic growth was essentially flat. This result primarily reflects strong shipments to Petrochemical & Polymer customers, and continued strong results in pharma and hygienic markets, offset by weak longer cycle oil & gas markets, especially in transport. Earnings decreased 44% to $35 million, excluding the product recall charge and restructuring, earnings improved modestly. Margin in the quarter was 7.2%, excluding the product recall charge and restructuring, margin was 13.6%. Of note, core margin remained very solid at over 18%, which further adjust for the impact of acquisitions and related deal costs. Bookings were 457 million, an increase of 42%. This result principally reflects the impact of acquisitions. On an organic basis, bookings declined 3%. Book-to-bill was 0.95. Now let's turn to slide eight. Refrigeration & Food Equipment’s revenue of $376 million included an organic revenue decline of 1%. The revenue decline was largely driven by project timing in our can shaping business. Earnings of $118 million included a disposition gain of $85 million. Adjusting for this gain and restructuring, earnings were $34 million down 30% from the prior year, and adjusted margin was 9%. Production and efficiencies of about $7 million at Hillphoenix accounted for the majority of this decline. Bookings of $337 million decreased 2% organically, principally reflecting soft order activity by a few big-box retailers. Book-to-bill was 0.89. Let's move on to the overview on slide nine. Let me cover some highlights. Corporate expense was $32 million, higher than our forecast and includes a settlement of approximately $3 million. Net interest expense was $33 million, largely in line with expectations. Our fourth quarter tax rate was 25.4%, CapEx was $49 million in the quarter. Moving on to slide 10, which shows are 2017 guidance. To start, let me say our revenue guidance is unchanged from the forecast we shared at our investor meeting just two weeks ago. We expect total revenue to increase 10% to 12% including organic revenue growth of 3% to 5%. We also expect acquisitions will add approximately 10% growth, partially offset by completed dispositions and FX. From a segment perspective, energy is expected to grow 13% to 16% organically, driven by improving upstream and North American oil and gas fundamentals. Engineered Systems organic growth is anticipated to be 1% to 3% driven by very solid printing and identification markets. We expect both fluids and refrigeration of Food Equipment to post flat to 2% organic growth. Corporate expense is anticipated to be around $125 million, up about $12 million over last year, reflecting a comp reset and planned investments as we further implement Dover business services across the company. Net interest expense is up modestly over 2016 on the funding of the Wayne deal. We forecast the full-year normalized tax rate to be about 28%, CapEx should be around 2.4% of revenue and we expect to generate free cash flow at 11% of revenue. Lastly, we expect segment margin to be around 13.7% at the midpoint of our guidance.  Turning to the 2017 bridge, on slide 11. Let's start with 2016 adjusted EPS of $2.85. We expect the year-over-year impact of lower restructuring costs in 2017 to be $0.08 to $0.10. Performance, including changes in volume, productivity pricing and restructuring benefits will add $0.81 to $0.95 to earnings. Increases in investment and compensation will impact earnings $0.15 to $0.13. Growth investments comprise about two-thirds of this total. Lastly, the combined impact of interest, corporate expense and the tax rate will be a $0.19 to $0.17 headwind. In total, we expected 2017 EPS to be in the range of $3.40 to $3.60. At the midpoint of our guidance, this represents a 23% increase over the adjusted prior year. With that, let me turn the call back over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. I am very optimistic about 2017, and believe that we are well-positioned to take advantage of the many opportunities in front of us. Within Energy, we see improving US oil and gas markets driving growth in our drilling, artificial lift, and automation businesses, which represent about two-thirds of this segment revenue. For this segment, we are expecting strong organic growth in 2017. Within Engineered Systems we see adoption rates of digital printing continuing to grow, and our marketing and coding business, marketing conditions remained favorable and we expect continued strong execution. Additionally, our recent RAV acquisition will be a significant contributor to growth and we are excited to become an even stronger partner with our customers in the global vehicle service markets. We also expect our core industrial businesses to post modest organic growth. In Fluids, 2017 strong growth will be driven by recent acquisitions, most notably Wayne, we have a great management team in place who are fully focused on the EMB opportunity, and capturing significant synergies. Modest organic growth will largely be driven by strong hygienic and pharma markets and improved customer activity in our petrochemical and polymer and industrial markets. Lastly, in Refrigeration & Food Equipment, recent strong bookings and can shaping equipment has set Food Equipment up for an improved 2017. We also expect another solid year for glass doors and specialty refrigeration cases, also encouraging is the fact that we are well booked in refrigeration cases for the first quarter. And, I fully expect margin to expand in the second half of the year, as our improvement initiatives take hold. As we begin the year, our markets are largely constructive, and I am confident we will execute well and deliver on our 2017 plans. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. Now, Paul, we will take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks. Before we open up the line to questions, I just again like to remind you as a courtesy if you can ask one question with a follow-up, will be able to get more questions and we have over 20 people in queue. So with that, Kristine, let's take the first question.
Operator:
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Jeff.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: I've got two unrelated questions, if you can take them. First, just on Wayne itself, Bob, now that you've got it closed. Can you just share a little bit kind of – it's performance here the last three to six months, the trends in the business into the close, so to speak, and is there any kind of overhang or anything to be thinking about in the first half as you digested?
Bob Livingston: So there – Jeff, I'll give you a comment on the second half of '16 because that's really when we started tracking their performance on a fairly close basis. As we have communicated and as we expected, the retail fuel and market does build quarter-to-quarter sequentially through the year. We saw that happen at Wayne. I would say for the second half of the year, revenue plan they were perhaps – they perhaps lately exceeded it, they actually had a strong – a pretty solid and strong December, our first month of ownership with them. So we were quite pleased with the performance of the business in the second half of the year. I'll actually share this with you for those who may be interested if you are trying to fill out your models. I think the revenue we booked under what the 3 or 3.5 weeks of ownership in December, Jeff, I think it was approaching $50 million.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. Great.
Bob Livingston: Very strong margin, but you know, dilutive to the results of Dover because of – to your question on overhang, we had some expenses and cost in the fourth quarter. But, Jeff, as we go forward, we are going to continue to see charges through the P&L related to Wayne and capturing the synergy benefits. I would say, those amount to about $9 million to $10 million or so in 2017 and not having all the date in front of me, I'd say they're pretty evenly spread. I don't see any big impacts sort of the first quarter on Wayne related to synergy costs.
Jeffrey Sprague: We, obviously, don't have any idea of like how - what Wayne's plan look like versus history or anything. But would you characterize the performance as up versus 2015? Do you have visibility…
Bob Livingston: No. We actually do have, I don't have the exact data. But I do know that it was up in '16 over '15, Jeff. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. Thanks. Could you just quickly and I'll get off on price for Energy, I think you said you weren't planning it and Baker out there this morning saying that people are begging for prices to be held flat so to speak. Do think there will be upward pressure on price for you, price realization? Is that starting to happen in your business yet?
Bob Livingston: Upward pressure on price, you are asking if the customers are going to encourage us to raise our prices? I don't think that's going to happen.
Jeffrey Sprague: No, are you going despite the discouragement raised it anyhow?
Bob Livingston: I - you could actually see that very, let’s say, very judiciously in the second half of the year. I would not expect to see anything of note to occur in the first half of the year, Jeff…
Brad Cerepak: And we are not planning…
Bob Livingston: And we're not planning on any price increases at all for 2017. I will point out that we did end 2016 on a price down number of - I think it ended up right at 2% of revenue for the segment, Brad, am I correct? 
Brad Cerepak: Correct.
Bob Livingston: For Energy, which is what we had been guiding all year in. So I feel comfortable with, I call it, the pricing part of the Energy plan for 2017 and maybe we see a little bit of lift in the second half, Jeff. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thank you very much.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Shannon.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Bob, maybe put a little more context on the comment that the energy markets are little more optimistic than what you've baked in. I mean you talked about the 1.09 book-to-bill in December. Maybe just a little context on where that stands versus what you would normally see it end of December. And also the bearings and compression business in there actually turned this quarter too, I mean, is that going to continue or is that kind of a one-off?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So let me give answer to the questions, it’s probably a shorter response on bearings and compression. The folks there had an outstanding fourth quarter. But I would also tell you it was just about as expected. We had some project shipment scheduled for the fourth quarter. The team did a great job of executing. They delivered good margins on that, but it was some project activity, Shannon. We looked into 2017 for bearings and compression. We've got modest organic growth in bearings and compression. It is a bit lumpy. We're not going to see sequential growth in B&C from the fourth quarter to the first quarter simply because of the strong project shipments in the fourth quarter, but we will see growth in 2017. Comment on the – let's call it the upstream activity. Look, the headline number we all watch, right, actually I would say two headline numbers that we watch and we one of them we can see weekly is rig count deployment, and so we all know what the trend line has been. The – we were – nobody was more pleased to see the rig count increase that was posted last week. I think it was 35 or 37 units, Brad, 35?
Brad Cerepak: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: So, as we start here in January, maybe our rig count assumption is a bit conservative. That said, Shannon, don't look at rig count as being the leading indicator for the entire segment. It is a very, very good indicator for our drilling activity and, in fact, I would tell you that in 2016. Our drilling activity increased perhaps even a little bit stronger than we saw in the rate of change with respect to rig count in the second half of the year. I think some of that was a little bit of restocking. But in 2017, I would expect our drilling activity to pretty highly correlate with the rig count that's not quite true with automation and artificial lift. The significant increase in CapEx spending that we've seen with customers in the second half of 2016, and I suspect the lion's share of some of the increase CapEx spending that we'll see in the first – at least in the first quarter of 2017 is highly weighted to drilling. We are seeing increases in well completions. But it is not nearly at the rate that we’re seeing with rig count increases. We do expect well completion activity to pick up during the year but the rate of change in the first half – second half of last year was nowhere near the rate of change we saw in rig count. I hope that gives you some color.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Yeah. That's great Bob, thanks. And just one quick follow-up on the sequential margin there it was very strong leverage sequentially even adjusting for restructuring 3Q to 4Q. Anything in particular, I mean other than was that mainly the fact that the drilling business had a strong quarter or were there any other positive mix factors to consider in for Q4 for Energy?
Bob Livingston: Well, you're right about the drilling – our drilling business having a very strong fourth quarter, but again I'll give a shot out to the guys at bearings and compression. The revenue increased sequentially from the third quarter to fourth quarter and delivered pretty good margins on that business.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, of course the board in Energy they were sequentially up as you know, and the margin conversion was quite good. In fact, going into 2017, sequentially, we would expect very strong margin conversion and year-over-year margin conversion in Energy in excess of 40%.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Great. Thanks, guys. Operator Our next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Andrew Caddell [ph] for Deane. Once that you give some more color on the declines you've been seeing in Environmental Solutions and I think how long you expect this to persist and what might be in guidance?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So the second half – I'm not sure I can separate the fourth quarter from the second half on that. The second half activity was probably down – gosh it could have been as much as 5% or 6% versus the first half of 2016 just within Environmental Solutions and we actually weren’t expecting that. We were expecting a little bit of a falloff in the fourth quarter, but as we came into the second half of year we weren't expecting that falloff in the third quarter. We see the softness continuing in Environmental Solutions through the first quarter. We think by the time we get to mid part of the second quarter that the customer buying activity returns and we'll see a much stronger revenue and earnings progression in that business and our guide reflects that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And is there a specific vertical that’s causing this ongoing kind of weakness?
Bob Livingston: No. This is a fairly defined vertical. It’s [indiscernible]…
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, can you update us I think on Energy there's a pretty steep margin kind of improvement as the year progressed and just want to see if that's on track as you kind of round out January?
Bob Livingston: Well, I don't have January closed yet, but the order rates not just in Energy, I would say this for all that's on the call. The order rates here in January, in general, largely across Dover are coming in a little bit stronger than we had anticipated for January. And specific – your specific question about conversion in Energy, I think Brad answered that a few minutes ago. We’re expecting fairly healthy incremental margins in energy, a little bit better than 40% and we feel pretty confident with that. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Yes. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just I'll ask question energy, I apologize. Can you comment on exit margins in December? 
Bob Livingston: Okay.
Andrew Obin: Relative to what you've…
Bob Livingston: I'm going to take a guess, I know Brad is going to correct me. But I think our operating margins and this would've been no adjustments, whatever restructuring charges we had in December would've been included in this. But I think our operating margins in December were like 11.1%. They were little bit better than 11%. 
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Bob Livingston: Okay.
Andrew Obin: And that's with adjustments?
Bob Livingston: I'm sorry. Repeat that.
Andrew Obin: That was with the adjustments.
Bob Livingston: If there were any.
Andrew Obin: Okay.
Bob Livingston: If there were any restructuring charges, the margin I'm giving you includes those restructuring charges. I just don't recall what the restructuring charges were in the month.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. In the month.
Andrew Obin: Appreciate it.
Bob Livingston: We had a $1 million for the quarter.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And just to follow up on Wayne, could you just talk what it is you are seeing in the channel in terms of larger customers putting full retrofits versus readers? What are you hearing, because we are sort of hearing conflicting messages from the channel? On one hand you have sort of big brands encouraging their retailers to do a full upgrade at the same time you do have the allegation of the cycle. 
Bob Livingston: Well, I'm not sure that we are hearing much different from that. It does vary from customer to customer and I'm referring to you said specifically to larger accounts. It's going to be a bit different. But as a general statement, I think what we are generally hearing is that, if the dispenser is eight years or older. The dispenser on, if it's been in the field eight years or longer, I think the operators are being given strong encouragement by the brand owner to replace the dispenser in its entirety. If it's less than eight years, then we're seeing - we are simply seeing the retro - the up fit or the upgrade being sold.
Andrew Obin: And what…
Bob Livingston: I'm not so sure, I don't think that's much different than what we've been hearing over the last three or four months either.
Andrew Obin: Got you. And what share of the install base is eight years or older?
Bob Livingston: Pardon?
Andrew Obin: What share of the install basis eight year…
Bob Livingston: I don't have that data.
Andrew Obin: I’ll take it offline. Thank you so much.
Bob Livingston: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker with Bernstein.
Steven Winoker: Thanks and good morning, all.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Winoker: Hey, just like to start some of the peer companies have talked about customer pull-through and budget flushes at the end of – through December. Maybe outside of Energy, which you covered pretty well in your other businesses. Did you see any signs, evidence, discussion where that that might be happening?
Bob Livingston: No. I mean, we had strong order rates in December, but I wouldn't – I don't think we – that's just not part of our portfolio make a. That's – we don't think we see that.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And then on margins, both in Fluids and Refrigeration, and Hillphoenix, outside of the one timers, obviously, still – obviously we have productivity issues and refrigeration. But maybe talk about just some of the activities there from an operational basis, from a supply chain planned basis to what extent do you think you'll start to see better leverage incremental’s performance?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So I think we may have shared this, maybe on our October call. I think I shared with you that our – I told that our production variances within Hillphoenix that we sort of took it on the chin was in the third quarter were about $7 million. Okay. And I think, in the fourth quarter it was a little less but it wasn't, I mean, it was still, I would still say it was too high. It was enough $5 million to $6 million range. One of the key metrics and there are several, but one of the key metrics, one of the key KPI's that we managed to within this business is the production hours per case and we've been making slow and steady progress on that KPI for the last four or five months. I'd like to think the trend we're seeing here in the early part of the year here so far in January is one that we continue with, but we have seen a rather significant improvement in our KPI here in January on production hours per case. 
Steven Winoker: Okay. And on the…
Bob Livingston: We're not – I've told you, our guide is that the second half of the year is when we're going to start to see some improvements in margins within the segment, driven by the improvement in margins within Hillphoenix, and don't expect it any sooner than that.
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And how about…
Bob Livingston: We'll try to deliver it sooner but don't expect it any sooner.
Brad Cerepak: And maybe I can add to that a little bit. And maybe just pick up where Bob left off on our margin profile. And what I would add to that is, as we progress through the year, we see the first quarter margin really setting up lower year-over-year, given the Refrigeration and some other things including Tokheim becoming what I call core now. So I'm talking core margins, first quarter being below the prior year but then progressively improving throughout the year where we see our core margin expanding for the year, by roughly 20 basis points year-over-year, being impacted again by what we said already, by investment levels that we are making. So the progression for the year really coming off of last year is what I would say modestly down margins in the first quarter, expanding margins throughout the rest of the year. Important that's our profile….
Bob Livingston: Its not just profile, so if I were to add to that, if you were – if you follow – if you look at the top end of our guide and look at the revenue number, the second half of the year is up about 250 million am I right on that?
Brad Cerepak: That’s right.
Bob Livingston: Up about 250 million over the first half. The two Brad’s comment on this, the two drivers of this is the sequential build through the year within our Energy segment and the – I call it the market profile within retail fueling, both of which we believe will be normal and ordinary in 2017. And the pressure we're going to feel in the first quarter as Brad related on margins on a year-over-year comp, it's real and we have it in our guide that way. But we will see a significant change in business results in the second quarter and a slight improvement going into the third quarter. And we'll again, because of Refrigeration we'll see what was a seasonal roll off in the fourth quarter. But I think you really need to look at our profile again, because the Energy model for this year of sequential improvements through the year and the impact at retail fueling is having on the Dover profile, I call it the quarterly waterfall, it does create a little bit different profile for Dover in 2017.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. And coupled with by the way let's not forget that we had gains on dispositions in first quarter and in the…
Bob Livingston: In '16.
Brad Cerepak: In '16 and in the fourth quarter now. So the way I think about it first quarter 2016 was $0.52 and with margin that we're talking about we're not giving guidance for the first quarter. But I would tell you we see modest improvement off of that $0.52, and then…
Bob Livingston: Not significant improvement.
Brad Cerepak: Not significant, but more significant than as we progressed through the year. So hopefully that gives you an insight on our margin expectations and what's driving the top-line into more of a back half versus first half growth rate.
Steven Winoker: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: So focus color there on margins. I'm little bit slow this morning, so just want to clarify maybe Brad or Bob, so you look at 1Q EPS of somewhere between 55 and 60 is that the right thing?
Bob Livingston: We're not going to give guidance.
Brad Cerepak: We're not going to argue with you Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Nothing to argue? Okay.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, he's not arguing by the way.
Nigel Coe: So switching back to Energy, just wanted to dig into some of the two smaller segments there. Automation still down significantly and I think we all view that as a bit more of a structural grow longer-term. I'm just wondering what kind of perspective are you hearing from customers on the need or the want to automate their wealth. And typically how long into recovery is it before we see Automation spending picking up?
Bob Livingston: I think we're starting to see it now, Nigel. I actually was pretty pleased with the activity we saw in the fourth quarter within automation. In fact, if I'm not mistaken, automation growth in the fourth quarter actually may have been slightly better than we saw in artificial lift. So I was really pleased with the activity in the fourth quarter. But more importantly, the question you ask is, what are the customers, how are we engaging with customers and what are they saying and we see this as being a significant opportunity for further growth, not only in 2017, but into 2018. And I like the margin profile of this business. I like the level of customer engagement we have in the business and I think you'll see us post some good growth here in 2017. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. And then, digging into bearings and compressions, a lot stronger than we'd expected, but obviously not this in your plan. Just continue to remind us, what is driving that business? Is it more of the OE turbines or specific aftermarket? And….
Bob Livingston: Nigel, I would tell you in the fourth quarter, we did within - within bearings and compression, we did see one of our major OEMs return with some fairly strong demand that we were able to respond to rather quickly in the fourth quarter. We also had some other project type of business in our bearings business, in the bearings portfolio, but the significant part of that was with OE activity.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: The – we don't have all the details here from the cash flow statement, but it looks like there was you know, in the fourth quarter the net change in assets and liabilities was a pretty big number, it was like $140 million or something like that, backing out the first nine months. And anything going on there, is that just – what part of the business was that in, working capital wise or was it something else like a tax dynamic?
Bob Livingston: Well, look, I think my reaction to it not having the date in front of me is that we did complete several acquisitions in the fourth quarter. You're seeing that impact on the balance sheet for sure. And so, not able to give you the date net of that or the core working capital. You have to follow up with Paul on it in a little bit more detail, but nothing fundamentally different. With respect to the core, I'd say, if anything, we saw based on the trends to the back half of the fourth quarter that our working capital grew a little bit, Steve. So we did – we were a little bit lower on our guide on free cash flow and I would say that that's on the balance sheet but it's not a big number.
Brad Cerepak: The other color I'd give you, Steve, on that is December inventory build, we actually had December increase in inventory and that's pretty unusual for us. But the – it was in response to stronger order activity we saw in November and December. Our order rates built through the quarter excluding refrigeration, our order rates pretty much across the board within Dover built through the quarter, we typically don't see an inventory build in December. We experienced a little bit of that this year.
Steve Tusa: Right. And I guess just another follow-up cash question on CapEx. You guys were at a relatively low level versus D&A you guys have, obviously, done a couple of big deal so there you may have enough capacity and historically your CapEx has kind of moved up with sales, it feel like it’s kind of at the low end of the range right now. Would you expected that to continue to kind of inch up as a percentage of revenues over the next couple of years as we get into recovery mode or you have plenty of capacity to kind of observe any growth you see out there?
Brad Cerepak: Look, I think the guide we're giving for '17 of 2.4% is that the number, Brad? 2.4% of revenue, Steve, that's a good number.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Brad Cerepak: I'd almost say it's a good top end number for the next couple of years. You have to appreciate, we still have even with all the cost takeouts and Energy over the last couple of years, Steve we didn't impair assets.
Steve Tusa: Right, right.
Brad Cerepak: So with respect to production tooling and autoclaves and everything else, we're – we actually won't see the standard level of CapEx within the Energy business that we perhaps saw in '11, '12, '13 and '14.
Steve Tusa: Okay, one last quick one on first quarter. Just kind of clarifying what the range of Nigel put out there, you had said up modestly, up modestly from the 52? I mean, 55 to 60 I'm not a math guy but that's you know…
Brad Cerepak: I'm not either.
Steve Tusa: That's a 10% growth rate there. So that would even seem to be a little bit more punchy than what you're talking about just to make sure everybody's level set, did you say up modestly or did you say up double-digits from that year?
Brad Cerepak: I said to Nigel, I'm not going to argue with you.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Okay. I guess that's the answer. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Brad Cerepak: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Just on the fluids business…
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. Pumps, I know we're short of time. So pumps had flung to a slight growth rate in Q4, you know, having been down very significantly in the preceding six months. How do you see pumps revenues playing out in 2017? Was that some sort of lumpiness in Q4 that now reverses or…
Bob Livingston: So it is interesting. Good pick up on that and good question. It has been something that we have all been watching pretty closely here in the second half of the year and I will tell you, we actually started to see a turn, albeit extremely small in the third quarter. We actually had a sequentially a little bit of pick up in revenue third quarter over second quarter, and I think fourth quarter versus third quarter it was 3% or 4% improvement in our pumps revenue, so we were very pleased to see that. We're actually forecasting a little bit of growth in organic growth in our pumps business in 2017. We're not going to see it in the first quarter. We've got some – I would call it some unfavorable comps just with respect to activity against the first quarter of last year. There is a little bit of project activity that flows through this part of our portfolio. But we - for our standard pumps and we're seeing the pick up in general industrial activity, not in oil and gas, but for our standard pumps, we are continuing to see and expect some substantial improvement in standard pumps. When you put it all together, look at some of the project activity, the first quarter is going to not have a strong of a showing as we saw in the fourth quarter or that we'll see in the remaining part of 2017.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then, my follow-up would just be on the extent of your ambitions on sort of further portfolio moves. Obviously, 2016 was extremely active, you spent about $1.6 billion on M&A, $200 million coming in from divestments. How are you thinking about 2017 in that context?
Bob Livingston: A bit more modestly. We've got an active pipeline, but I will - to be quite frank, it's near-term over the next three, five, six months. There's nothing upsizing our pipeline. You may see us close on a couple or maybe even three. I would label them as smaller activities and Brad it can't even be at $100 million - all three of them are much less than $100 million. So they are small bolt-ons and add-ons. But I would also tell you, don't be surprised if you see another divestitures announcement here in the next few months. 
Julian Mitchell: And buybacks just sort of…
Bob Livingston: The activity will be light compared to '16.
Julian Mitchell: Got it. And buybacks?
Bob Livingston: I think we will do our best to offset dilution this year. But beyond that, I’d like to keep the capital available for growth initiatives and M&A. 
Julian Mitchell: Very clear. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz with Citi.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Bob or Brad can you talk a little bit more about the increase investment at the company and specifically within Engineered Systems? You mentioned at the Investor Day that you want to develop your products and your technology faster. Can you give some color on what specific end markets within Engineered Systems you are targeting? Are you targeting that revenue struck market and whether the focus of these end markets is going to be market share gain or maybe to offset the more difficult markets you've seen lately?
Bob Livingston: So let's see, I think in our guide, Brad, we have $0.10, had $0.10 impact on EPS guide for '17 with respect to our growth investments. So let's say rough number that's about $25 million. I would say half of that is within Engineered Systems. And when I – and actually to be more specific, half of that $25 million is actually within our Printing & ID platform, and it's pretty evenly split between our marking and coding business and our digital textile business. And marking and coding, it's both, I call it some advanced and a little bit faster - I had the way I want to describe some – not so much rental product launch, let's call it some technology development that we'd like to bring on a little bit quicker than we had in our three years stat plan that we've looked at a year ago or six months ago, and some channel development. We've got a little bit more we want to do at – in our marking and coating business around channel development and so we have green lighted these investments. They'll be phased-in during the year but we have green lighted these investments. Within digital textile, two main areas for the increased incremental investment, number one is around channel mostly related to service capability development, especially in some of the emerging markets that we’re now starting to sell equipment into. But the one item that's different that we're going to fund this year is a technology center or even a center, let's call it a center of excellence that's focused on more than just working with our print customers. But it's going to be set up in a way that it actually encourages and helps facilitate the owners of the label, the fashion houses, to actually allow us to get a little bit more engaged with them at an earlier point of the design cycle to also promote and push the use of our equipment. So it's about half and half but the bulk of it is in Printing & ID.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay, Bob. That's helpful, and then just unrelated, can you give us a little more color on the 20 million in restructuring approximately that you're going to spend here in '17, you know, what's interesting is, if you look at '16, the $40 million you really didn't spend much at all on refrigeration. The segment margins that you said underperformed your expectations. We know you've been working hard on sort of changes to the manufacturing process that you talked about. But do you not need to spend a little more restructuring on refrigeration what are the goals in '17?
Bob Livingston: Well, what you're asking about restructuring and as part of that within refrigeration. Within our retail refrigeration business, the answer is no. We may have a little bit of carryover within the segment, but it's actually not related to retail refrigeration. Do you want to provide some color? 
Brad Cerepak: Kind of going back to what I said before in the 20 million, the lion share of the way we think about that right now is for synergy benefits related to Tokheim and Wayne integration, I would say half of that,– I think I use the number before $9 million or $9 million to $10 million. We’ll see how that develops. But that’s the current thinking of half of that going into fluids. Some of the spend is also going to be in DES as we continue to do some restructuring and some of the industrial business that we have there. Like Bob said, very little, very little in terms of DRFE and then very little in terms of DE as well. So that's kind of the way we’re thinking about it right now.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Thanks, guys.
Brad Cerepak:
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Inch with Deutsche Bank.
John Inch: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, John.
John Inch: Good morning, guys, just wanted to ask about the Tipper Tie gains. They are $0.03 higher than what you said on January 12. Why would that be the case?
Bob Livingston: Just the simple true up to the final accounting that's the simplest way to say it.
John Inch: Okay. And then, Brad was there an offset to the $0.05 tax benefit. I know you don't – these things move around a lot. I just wanted to – it’s complicated. There’s a lot of moving parts this quarter. I just wanted to make sure if there was an offset for that?
Bob Livingston: To the $0.05?
John Inch: Yes. But that’s…
Bob Livingston: That's our discrete tax and this is no real offset to that, no. So you could think about within the guide, the previous guide range of $3 to $3.05, the discrete put us – if you include them we’re at the upper end of the range, if you exclude them we’re at the lower end of the range versus where we were previously.
John Inch: Okay.
Bob Livingston: As you know we don't forecast discrete tax benefits. They are very lumpy. They come when they come so to speak. There was an international piece associated with this $0.05 and some state related reserves. So very much tail end related. In fact, we had to wait to see the year completed itself before we knew for sure whether we met the goal to release them and that's why it was very late in the game.
John Inch: That's fine. What were the fluid margins X Wayne and Tokheim? I was just looking at my notes and I think there were 19.3% a year ago if you X out deal cost and purchase accounting that may not be wholly accurate. I just think I remember that. So I'm just curious.
Brad Cerepak: Well, we have the number at, I'd say excluding restructuring, deal costs and the like, last year I have 18.3.
John Inch: Okay. What were they this quarter X Tokheim, I guess Tokheim is not in there, what were the X Wayne?
Brad Cerepak: X Wayne and Tokheim, Tokheim still acquisition, this it crush over into…
Brad Cerepak: In '17.
Brad Cerepak: In '17. I'm sorry. Let's make sure we got our years right here. In '16 it was 18.3%. Are you asking for what '15 was?
John Inch: Yes. I was trying to compare the apples-to-apples, Brad. I'm sorry.
Brad Cerepak: Okay.
John Inch: So the fourth quarter of 2015.
Brad Cerepak: 19…
Brad Cerepak: That was the full year Bob.
Bob Livingston: Yeah, 19.7.
John Inch: That was 19.7 and then what was it in the fourth quarter of '16 if you axe out the Wayne?
Bob Livingston: 18.3.
John Inch: Right. Got it. Okay. That was all I had. Thanks much.
Bob Livingston: Very good. Thanks.
Operator: We have time for one final question this morning. Our final question will come from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Maybe going back to Steve's question earlier on cash flow, so the quarter was about or the year was about $50 million lighter than we expected. Is that predominately because of big inventory build because orders were better is that - did I hear that right earlier? 
Bob Livingston: Well, no actually, I don't know if I can say predominant. I know that was one of the characteristics that was different in the fourth quarter, especially in December. I would also tell you that we actually didn't have the rollover in Hillphoenix revenue in December like we normally see. And Hillphoenix is a pretty big generator of cash for us in the fourth quarter historically, so it is a little bit of inventory and a little bit of DSO. But I'm telling you there's nothing unusual in it, Joe.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, 50-50 maybe on that 50 million split between receivables and inventory.
Bob Livingston: What is unusual from an operating perspective is to actually see as build inventory through the quarter.
Joe Ritchie: Well, so that kind of brings me to my follow-on question, right? Because as we're progressing through 2017 it looks like you are basically forecasting high teens cash flow growth year-over-year at a time when your orders are improving, I would expect some type of inventory build. And so how are you guys thinking about inventory and just more generally net working capital for 2017?
Bob Livingston: Okay. I don't have an exact numbers here. I know we've got working capital – our working capital target for '17. I don't have the absolute number. I know we're - our internal targets are to reduce our working capital metric. I think its 60 or 80 bps in '17 with most of the emphasis, most of that improvement coming out of inventory.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. So all right, so the plan is to reduce inventory while orders are going to get better. Okay. And then maybe the last question, you guys mentioned in the Fluids business that there's improved activity in petrochem in 2017. Is that a function of some of these petrochemical crackers that are getting completed in North America? Or what's really, kind of…
Bob Livingston: No. It’s – I wouldn’t label North America is a big driver of that for us this year. We have participated in this. We continue to participate in that, but the upside in '17 we're actually starting to see some of the emerging economies especially in China. In fact, our – we have had some pleasantly to note we've had even here early in January we've had a very strong start on order activity in China with respect to this vertical.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. That's good to hear. Thanks, guys.
Bob Livingston: Thanks.
Operator: That concludes today's Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for any closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Kristine. Yeah. This concludes our conference call. We thank you again for your continued interest in Dover, and certainly look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Have a good afternoon. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the fourth quarter 2016 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg - Vice President, Investor Relations Bob Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer Brad Cerepak - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Scott Davis - Barclays Capital Steve Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein Joe Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Andrew Kaplowitz – Citigroup Andrew Obin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steve Tusa - J.P. Morgan Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Deane Dray - RBC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2016 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s third quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today’s call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s third quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with an outlook for the remainder of 2016. We will then open up the call to questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through November 2, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 88535285. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our third quarter results were disappointing. As the continuing weak macro environment further declines in longer cycle oil and gas applications and production inefficiencies and our retail refrigeration business impacted both volume and earnings. These results were well below our expectations, and more than offset solid improvements in our upstream drilling and production businesses, as well as continued strong performance in our Printing & Identification platform. From a geographic perspective our US and China activity declined organically, both sequentially and year-over-year. On an organic basis our European markets improved sequentially and year-over-year. Within Energy, revenue was up 5% sequentially largely within our drilling and production markets, this improvement was driven by increases in the North American rig count principally in the Permian. The recent trends in rig count and oil price are constructive and supportive of continued near term improvement in our early cycle businesses. That said, within this segment we continue to be challenged in longer cycle applications. Engineered systems organic growth of 1% was driven by another strong quarter in Printing and Identification which posted organic growth of 5%. And the Industrial Platform organic revenue declined 2%, though our vehicle service equipment business had a very strong quarter. Fluids posted 17% revenue growth driven by acquisitions. However our organic revenue declined of 9% reflects activity reductions in our businesses with longer cycle oil and gas exposure as well as tough comps. Lastly, growth in retail fueling was less than anticipated while our businesses serving to hygienic and pharma markets continue to show very strong growth. Refrigeration and food equipment revenue declined 2% organically principally driven by tough comps and can-shaping equipment. Margin performance was well below expectations at Hillphoenix primarily driven by production challenges in case manufacturing. We continue to implement changes to improve the business. Regarding acquisitions we have closed two deals since our last earning call both in Engineered Systems. We added a small Automation and Data Analytics business and also acquired a European Lift business. The addition of the lift business gives us a $500 million platform into growing vehicle service equipment market. We also recently announced that the Wayne acquisition due to an extended regulatory review in the UK will now likely close in the first quarter. Our teams are actively exploring measures to satisfy the regulators’ concerns as quickly as possible, this matter relates only to the UK dispenser business which is very small in the context of the transaction. Now looking forward. Within Energy, we are encouraged by the recent improvements in North American rig count and oil prices and believe both are constructive for continued near term improvements in our business. That said we anticipate our longer cycle oil and gas related businesses to remain sequentially flat. In Engineered Systems, we anticipate activity and our industrial platform to remain soft due to a challenging macro industrial environment as well as from activity deferrals, as some customers push out order delivery in 2017. We expect our Printing and ID platform to have strong growth. Fluids overall growth will be less than we expected in our prior forecast, driven by continued weak longer cycle oil and gas markets as well as CapEx reductions like integrated energy customers. We expect the strong growth we’ve seen in our hygienic and pharma markets to continue. Finally within Refrigeration and Food Equipment, we expect customer spending to slow as we close out the year. We also expect margin challenges to continue as we work to improve manufacturing at Hillphoenix. And with that, I’d like to turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let’s start on Slide 3 of the presentation deck. Today we reported third quarter revenue of $1.7 billion a decrease of 4%. This result included in organic revenue decline of 7% growth from acquisitions less dispositions was 3%, EPS was $0.83. Segment margin for the quarter was 14.1% below last year largely driven by lower revenue and the impact of acquisitions and production inefficiencies. Bookings decreased slightly from the prior year to $1.7 billion. Within this result, acquisition growth of 6% was more than offset by the combined impact of reduced oil and gas markets dispositions and FX. Organic bookings in Engineered Systems grew 5%, Refrigeration and Food Equipment grew 6%, while Energy was down 22% and Fluids decreased 9%. Overall book-to-bill finished at 0.99. Our backlog increased 4% to $1.1 billion or 1% organically. Fresh cash flow was $189 million for the quarter or 11% of revenue. We remain on track to generate free cash flow roughly 11% of revenue for the full year. Now let’s turn to Slide 4. Engineered Systems organic revenue increased 1% reflecting solid growth in printing identification partially offset by soft industrial markets. Refrigeration and Food Equipments declined 2% driven by tough comps and can-shaping equipment and softer customer spending in retail refrigeration. Fluids organic decline of 9% was largely driven by upstream and midstream oil and gas exposure tough comps and lower than expected growth in retail fueling. Energy organic revenue was down 24%. As seen on the chart acquisition growth in the quarter was most prevalent at fluids with 27%. Now on Slide 5. Energy revenue of $273 million decreased 25%, on a sequential basis revenue increased 5% driven by our upstream drilling and artificial lift businesses. Earnings of $13 million included restructuring cost of $5 million. Adjusting for these costs earnings were $18 million and margin was 6.8% in line with our expectations and sequentially improved. Current quarter activity, order activity remains positive and we believe we’re on track to exit the year with margin near 10%. Bookings were $271 million, a 10% sequential improvement. Book-to-bill finished at 0.99. Now on Slide 6. Engineered Systems revenue of $571 million was up 1% organically. Earnings of $97 million decreased 5% principally reflecting the impact of a disposition and also impacted by business mix. Our Printing and Identification platform revenue of $253 million increased to 11%. Organic revenue was up 5% reflecting solid global marketing and coding and strong digital printing activity. Acquisitions added 7% growth. In the Industrial Platform revenue was $317 million which included in organic decline of 2%. The organic revenue decline was fairly broad based and also reflected activity deferrals into the first quarter at environmental solutions. Margin was 17% and 80 basis point decline. Bookings of $580 million were up 3% which included organic growth of 5% in both platforms. Book-to-bill for Printing and Identification was 0.98, industrial book-to-bill was 1.04, overall book-to-bill was 1.02. Now on Slide 7. Within Fluids revenue increased 17% to $413 million while earnings decreased 12% to $66 million. Revenue performance reflects 27% growth from acquisitions partially offset by a 9% decline in organic revenue. The organic result was driven by declines in our longer cycle upstream and midstream oil and gas businesses and tough comps reflecting $18 million in project shipments last year that did not repeat. In addition spending from certain integrated energy customers particularly in retail fueling was lower than anticipated. This decline was partially offset by very strong results in our hygienic and pharma markets. Margin declined 530 basis points reflecting lower organic volume and the impact of acquisitions and deal cost. Bookings were $414 million, an increase of 16%, this result primarily reflects the impact of acquisitions on an organic basis, bookings declined 9%. Book-to-bill was 1. Now let’s turn to Slide 8. Refrigeration and Food Equipments revenue was $451 million included an organic revenue decline of 2%. Earnings of $64 million declined 16% from the prior year largely driven by production challenges at Hillphoenix, the impact of the disposition and product mix. The organic revenue decline was largely driven by tough comps in our can-shaping business. Margin was 14.2%, a 140 basis points below last year. Within this result production inefficiencies at Hillphoenix were $6 million or about 130 basis points of the decline. Bookings of $429 million were flat year-over-year and included organic growth of 6%. Organic growth was largely driven by strong order activity in our can-shaping business which will be shipped in 2017. Book-to-bill was 0.95. Let’s go to the overview Slide on Page 9. Let me cover some highlights. Corporate expense was $27 million and net interest expense was $33 million both largely in line with expectations. Our second quarter tax rate was 28% generally in line with expectations. CapEx was $43 million in the quarter. Now moving to Slide 10 which shows our full year guidance. Our 2016 revenue guidance has been adjusted to reflect reduced forecast. We now expect total revenue to decrease 4% to 5%. Within this estimate organic revenue is expected to decline 7% to 8%. We continue to expect acquisitions will add approximately 7% growth partially offset by dispositions and FX. From a segment perspective, Energy’s organic decline is essentially unchanged from our prior guidance. We continue to expect further sequential revenue improvement into the fourth quarter. Fluids and Engineered Systems full year organic revenue forecast had both been reduced two points. We now expect Fluids to decline 6% to 7% and Engineered Systems to be flat to 1% growth for the year. The Refrigeration and Food Equipment organic revenue has been lowered three points and now is negative one to flat. With regard to margin, we now expect adjusted margin to be around 14.1% this excludes restructuring and deal and other cost. Turning to 2016 bridge on Slide 11. Let’s start with 2015 adjusted EPS of $3.63. We expect the year-over-year impact of lower restructuring cost in 2016 to be about $0.05. Performance including changes in volume, productivity, pricing, restructuring, benefits will impact earnings $0.73 to $0.71. This has reduced $0.38 at the midpoint from our prior forecast. Increases in investment and compensation will impact earnings $0.11 to $0.09 reflecting a roughly $0.09 reduction from our prior forecast. Acquisitions less dispositions is $0.05 lower than our last forecast. Reflecting the impact of our recent acquisitions and also softer retail fueling activity. In total, net acquisitions will be about $0.07 accretive. Lastly the combined impact of interest corporate expense and the tax rate has been adjusted $0.01 from our prior forecast. In total we expect 2016 EPS to be $3 to $3.05 down about $0.38 to midpoint from our prior guidance. Approximately $0.06 of this reduction is attributable incremental fourth quarter deal and restructuring cost. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Bob for some final thoughts.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I look back over the last 18 months our results certainly haven’t been up to our expectations. That being said, I don’t want to lose sight of the many positive achievements our businesses have made over this time. In Energy, we effectively managed to recycle that saw a US rig count drop from 1,200 to 400 in six quarters. Through this down cycle we streamlined our business while maintaining strong service levels. We are now very well position to service our customers as activity in North America upstream markets improve. In Engineered Systems, we have expanded our Printing and Identification platform which has historically been a strong performer. Our industrial platform has also performed very well over the last few years, though facing some tough comps this year. I’m excited about what we’ve done in this segment especially with our recent acquisitions. Within Fluids, we have built a strong plastics and polymer. We are also in the process of building a world class retail fueling business. Our Fluids performance will improve through ongoing integrations and the addition of Wayne. Lastly, in Refrigeration and Food Equipment, we’ve done a good job diversifying our customer base and growing share with several customers. While this new business has certainly put stress on manufacturing, we have executed well on customer service, quality and delivery times. As previously noted, we have added scale in several markets where we see strong growth potential. In addition, we’ve further focused our business by divesting non-core assets. In all, our recent acquisitions combined with Wayne will add over $700 million in revenue next year. These deals together with a continuing recovery in upstream oil and gas markets and our commitment to improve margins give me confidence we are on the right path. With that, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. Now Paul let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. As a reminder, we have lots of people in queue so I’d like to remind you - please you get one question with one follow-up and with that, Paula if we can have the first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from Scott Davis of Barclays
Scott Davis: I’m trying to get sense, I struggle sometimes the model you guys - because when things come back it’s going to be probably pretty darn good. But when Energy comes back is the incremental margin and I’m talking more on upstream stuff. Is the incremental margin higher in 2017 than it was in kind of the good years as to say three years ago or is it lower? And I guess the reason why I’m asking this question is that, does the restructuring mean that you get a higher incremental margin or does that get offset by weaker price?
Bob Livingston: Well I would start first by saying I don’t - with everything we’re looking at with respect to our planning for 2017, we are not assuming that we are going to have price increases.
Scott Davis: Yes, I’m just talking about - did the decreases hurt you, I mean I would assume prices are going to be down in their backlog, right?
Bob Livingston: Yes, we don’t see further price degradation in 2017, Scott but we surely are not planning on price increases. But to the heart of your question with respect to the incremental margins in a recovery phase. I would say in the early months of the recovery let’s say at least the first six months, we are going to be quite diligent and not adding any cost unless they’re absolutely required to service the customer. So I think as we see, a 10%, 15%, maybe even up to a 20% increase in volume. We will not be adding the cost base back like we would have had in 2014. I think as you get behind the flex point of the manufacturing capability and you’ll see us adding some cost. But I think in the first few months of the recovery you’ll see incremental margins that will be quite attractive.
Scott Davis: Yes, okay that’s helpful and then, I know there’s lots of questions so I want to ask quick follow-up on Hillphoenix. What does production inefficiencies really mean? I mean in my world it means volumes are light, you didn’t control cost, but does it mean something different, to you guys?
Bob Livingston: Well no, actually volumes aren’t light, Scott. In fact I was pretty pleased with the bookings at Hillphoenix in the third quarter and I will tell you that maybe I’m being a bit cautious here but the booking, the order rates, the booking rates here in October are coming at a bit stronger than we had anticipated for a normal fourth quarter order run rate.
Brad Cerepak: Seasonally strong.
Bob Livingston: Seasonally strong. So the production inefficiencies have nothing to do with the reduced volume. It’s actually the complexity that we’ve added into the organization with many new customers and smaller product box and I would tell you sort of the fixes and changes that we’re making sort of fall into two key areas. One is little bit better integrity around our comp [ph] bond releases and a little bit better integrity around holding our production schedules once they’re released and that’s been a challenge for the team over the last three or four months. The guide we have in the fourth quarter. I would like to believe I’m being cautious with this guide with not only the segment but specifically with Hillphoenix, that our guide for the fourth quarter does not assume any further improvements in our production variances beyond what we were running at in September. That said, we continue to work every week, every day to improve the manufacturing flow at Hillphoenix. You want to add anything to that, Brad?
Brad Cerepak: No, I would just say that’s a view versus our expectations and year-over-year the team continues to make progress. I mean I would say the added piece I would say is that the production through the facility year-over-year is not abnormal. And what I mean by that is that, the production cost seem to be fairly in line it’s where our expectations are much higher for further productivity.
Bob Livingston: I’ll give you a number. We measure this with respect to their production variances. The cost for us in the third quarter for these production variances at Hillphoenix was $6 million.
Scott Davis: Okay.
Bob Livingston: It’s a significant number.
Scott Davis: Great answer. Okay, thank you guys. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Winoker, Bernstein.
Steve Winoker: I want to stick on Hillphoenix for a while. I have been known that business for more than 15 years and they were one of the few folks who were able to make money in this industry, when so many others were bleeding and a lot of that was the magic of the whole business model and you’re talking, I know as you’re making everything more complex or sorry as the customer mix is becoming more complex that is one of the problems that the old guys always had before you took over one of them and others struggle. So is this more than just a small manufacturing fix but rather a whole design for manufacturability and broader fix. I mean I’m just a little more concerned of what I’m hearing.
Bob Livingston: Longer term, we’re looking at I would label it as product design opportunities but that’s not impacting our product flow today. It is just unbelievable how much the, I call it the mix complexity has changed at Hillphoenix over the last six and nine months and as we hit the seasonal ramp period here in late second quarter and in the third quarter that complexity really did hammer us, Steve.
Steve Winoker: Okay, all right well we can maybe dive in later. But and then just on that point, you mentioned $6 million production.
Bob Livingston: And by the way when you Hillphoenix has always made money, look we’re still making money, which is not to our expectations. I’m not just saying my expectations we’re not operating at Hillphoenix’s expectations.
Steve Winoker: Okay, fair enough and just so I’m clear that production variance of $6 million. Is there any way to sort of give us the thought for how much of, I don’t know the year-on-year negative impact came out of these inefficiencies?
Bob Livingston: Well let’s see, I think Brad you shared a comment that margins were down 130 or 140 basis points. Actually I think if you do the math, maybe 120 of the 140 decrease was the $6 million of production variances. Am I close on that number?
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Bob Livingston: In the third quarter and we’re talking third quarter year-over-year.
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Steve Winoker: Okay, I think I used my follow-up question. So I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: So just not to [indiscernible] this too much but just one last question on Refrigeration and Food Equipment. When do you think this gets rectified and does your new production design allow you to then potentially stem share loss and potentially even gain share. So how are you guys thinking about that?
Bob Livingston: Well, your comment about share loss I would say that one is behind us because you’re referring to the loss of the business at Walmart.
Joe Ritchie: Yes, I just look at your trends. I’m sorry.
Bob Livingston: Yes, go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: No, I was just going to say I was just looking at your trends in the most recent quarters and I think they’ve been flat to down depending on which sub-segment we look at and it looks like you’re continuing to lose share in certain pieces of your business and so I’m just curious whether this allows you to potentially stem some of that?
Bob Livingston: Okay and this is a question specific to Hillphoenix.
Joe Ritchie: Correct.
Bob Livingston: Okay, I will tell you that aside from the Walmart global bid that we lost the chunk of business and we have not lost share with other customers, we’ve been gaining share.
Joe Ritchie: Okay.
Brad Cerepak: Keep in mind we do have a disposition in there that you have to take out when you do your comparisons.
Joe Ritchie: Fair enough.
Bob Livingston: [Indiscernible] business was divested in the fourth quarter of last year and if I remember correctly, I think.
Brad Cerepak: [Indiscernible].
Bob Livingston: We can say $85 million to $90 million in sales.
Joe Ritchie: Got it, but I guess in terms of maybe the initial question was, when does it get rectified so maybe some thoughts there?
Bob Livingston: Again, you’re asking a question about the Walmart business.
Joe Ritchie: I’m talking more about the production inefficiencies that contributed to the margin that you.
Bob Livingston: I think you’ll see us having the two key areas that I’ve mentioned here around the integrity of the comp [ph] bond releases and the integrity of the holding the production schedule. I think you’ll see us have that completed here in the three or four months.
Joe Ritchie: Got it and then maybe coming off of refrigeration and food equipment for a second and talking about fluids. If I take a look at the organic orders over the last few quarters they’ve continued to deteriorate. I guess at what stage do you think that this reverses clearly Wayne closes will help you from a growth perspective, but I’m just curious how you’re feeling about 2017 from organic standpoint, where we stand this year?
Bob Livingston: Look the biggest year-over-year decline within fluids that we’ve experienced has been in the applications and the businesses that are either in the upstream or the midstream oil and gas markets. And when I shared that comment I’m including what we would label internally as our transportation activity around railcar, tank cars as well as terminal loading arms. And the bulk of that decline has been in North America, that decline has been fairly significant. I think year-over-year if I rolled all of that together it’s probably down about 23%, 25% and it’s about this oil and gas exposure is about 22%, 23% of the segment when I include transportation. We’re not expecting any recovery in the fourth quarter that I can tell you. I think the outlook for 2017 in this part of the business is going to be dependent upon further recoveries in the upstream oil and gas market and I think we’ll have a better feel for that as we move through the fourth quarter.
Joe Ritchie: Got you. I’ll get back in queue, thanks guys.
Bob Livingston: We will provide our outlook and some detail in this part of the business at our investor dinner in December.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, good enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citigroup.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Maybe just a little more color on Fluids in terms of the Fluids transfer business. You know I think Joe asked about, it did weaken this quarter versus last quarter a little bit more that particular business. You guys have mentioned big integrated not spending in the past you mentioned Canadian OPW’s weakness and then of course Tokheim you were setting some improvement in the second half of the year. It doesn’t seem like it’s materialized as much as you thought, so maybe you can talk about the pieces of fluid transfer.
Bob Livingston: Okay, so across the board within fluid transfer. No actually I don’t want to say across the board because in the couple of our businesses that deal with hygienic and pharma markets, their order activity and business activity is up actually quite strong. I think its high single digits 8% or 9%. The bulk of the headwinds that we have experienced this year and again I’m repeating myself from Joe’s question have been in the upstream and midstream oil related markets. The North American retailing fueling market and this is not Tokheim, this is now OPW we’ve had growth in North America but it’s been less than we expected and I think third quarter growth year-over-year for North America retail fueling this is the OPW legacy business. I think was 6%. That said, North Canada was significantly lower than we expected and it ended up being a decline in spending the customers or from customers in Canada. Tokheim, I think we’re probably going to end the year. The second half will come in fairly close to our expectations of Tokheim that we had in July but we do see some changes. Middle East is softer than we were looking at three months ago. China has degraded a bit but not much. I’m talking a $1 million or $2 million but it hasn’t changed that much since the July call and absent my comment or excluding my comment on the Middle East. European activity has had growth with Tokheim during the second half. Do you want to add anything?
Brad Cerepak: Yes, I would interject on there. I think from our last views on Tokheim we probably see a softer sales number now for the year of about $10 million to $15 million and it’s impacting us about $0.02 in the acquisition line but as Bob said it’s really more the emerging markets part of Tokheim.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay that’s helpful but maybe just on ‘17. I’m not asking for guidance but if you look at sort of the non-organic pieces just sort of puts and takes. You’ve got lower restructuring spends in 2017, incremental restructuring savings, your auto aftermarket acquisition and Wayne potentially coming in, Tokheim more accretive given the deal cost go down there’s just a lot of moving pieces. Are there any sort of advice you could give us on how to model the pieces and then it looks like competition indefinitely came down significantly this year that headwind next year.
Brad Cerepak: Well there’s - we’ll have a lot to say about.
Bob Livingston: I’m glad to get the question because I told Brad we’re not give guidance today.
Brad Cerepak: We have a lot to say in December but you’re right. I mean I would echo some of things you’re saying. And we do see a lower restructuring spend next year. We expect 40 to 44 this year, we always have restructuring so not giving guidance today but it’s always been put aside tough markets 15 to 20.
Bob Livingston: 15 to 20, yes.
Brad Cerepak: So that will be lower, we have carryover benefits on restructuring which will take us into 2017 my rough number would say that’s about $30 million. I think we’ve said that before, we still see that as an opportunity. You’re right the acquisitions will be better for us next year. We do have Wayne slipping out now best estimate its first quarter, we were hopeful to get that done this year and get some of the final expenses and not only the final expenses but I would say the early amortization step ups through the P&L and the first part of the fourth quarter here, that will now hit us in 2017. And I think there will be a lot more to talk about in terms of the integration and the synergy benefits there as we get into December, but too early really to pin point a number, we have to first close the deal.
Andrew Kaplowitz: Okay, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin: Just a question on fourth quarter. Seasonally Q4 is usually below Q3 and I appreciate there was some idiosyncratic things in Q3 but we’re modelling Q4 in line with Q3 and I was just wondering if you could give us big buckets as to what the sequential positives are and specifically also want to understand if you sort of highlighted lower compensation and investments versus your prior guidance, how much of that is in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter?
Brad Cerepak: Well I’ll take the last one, first and then Bob can talk sequentially, but probably the segment would be best. You know that compensation, when you think about that investment and comp line, I would say half of it is comp, half of it is just holding back on some adds that we would have normally have done this time of year going into next year. And I would say it’s 50-50 split between the third and the fourth, we trueup [ph] comp accruals every quarter and so year-to-date updated that during the third quarter and you’ll see a little bit of that coming through in the fourth on that comp line. As far as.
Bob Livingston: Okay with respect to sequential trends third to fourth. We expect Energy to be up a bit on the top line more than that improvement on the bottom line. We expect Fluids to continue to have growth sequentially into the fourth quarter and.
Brad Cerepak: 4%.
Bob Livingston: Yes and I would tell you that the bulk of not all of it, but a significant chunk of it maybe 60% of the growth we’re seeing in fluids from the third to the fourth is retail fueling.
Brad Cerepak: We have growth in MOG [ph] pump too.
Bob Livingston: And MOG [ph] pump. DES will be up, but I would say that’s probably all related to the acquisition, I think organically, DES is probably flat. We’ll see continued growth in our product ID platform and maybe very modest decline organically in our industrial platform and refrigeration segment is down but it always is, it’s seasonally down.
Andrew Obin: And just a follow-up question. You made comments on broad sort of industrial weakness and I appreciate you’ve given some color. At the same time if you look at the Product ID, those short cycle more consumer driven businesses seem to be doing well, just from a 40,000 foot view what’s happening in the economy because it seems a lot of other industrials have had weak second half of September.
Bob Livingston: Yes, you pulled out a good example here with our Product ID business especially [indiscernible] and number one I think we commented on this a couple times earlier this year with respect to both China, what we’ve seen in China over the last couple of years and in Europe and I think we’re seeing it here in the states, here over the last six months or so a clear difference in customer spending of what I call OpEx items versus CapEx items and I label our market and coating business as an OpEx item. It is interesting when you look at our order trends during the third quarter what did give me some pause as we close the quarter, was September order rates were actually less than August. That’s a bit unusual for us. We have really peeled that to try to understand what’s going on and where we’re seeing it, but and again I’m going to repeat it September order rates were less than August, that’s giving us a little bit. I call it pause for I guess maybe I hope what proves to be a bit of a cautious approach with respect to our fourth quarter guidance. If I were to share with you some early reads here in October. October order trends are actually a little bit better than we expected.
Andrew Obin: Thank you very much.
Bob Livingston: And that’s across the board. I would tell you something else we started to see here in the second quarter or in the third quarter. Not only with orders that were in our backlog but with new orders, we can pretty easily circle about $50 million of revenue that was expected to ship either in the third quarter or the fourth quarter where customers have pushed it out to 2017. It’s not anything significant with any individual business but collectively the number surprise me.
Andrew Obin: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa from J.P. Morgan
Steve Tusa: So just wanted to make sure I got the fluid. You said revenue is up 4% sequentially in 4Q and so I guess is ultimately and I’m not sure what base you were talking about with Tokheim, but what’s the actual revenue number you’re thinking about with Tokheim, this year?
Bob Livingston: I don’t have it with me, Brad.
Steve Tusa: Well you said, you tweaked it by $10 million to $15 million, so it’s kind of specific comment, that’s all.
Bob Livingston: Yes, but you asked me for total number and I don’t have that here with me right now.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, well it’s going to be Steve around $230 million to $240 million. It’s down significantly due to the emerging markets mainly China as we talked about before. Sequentially Tokheim had second quarter into third quarter 13% growth rate, this is the seasonality of that business and we see that continuing into the fourth quarter with about 10% sequentially on Tokheim specifically 4%.
Bob Livingston: For the segment.
Brad Cerepak: For the segment, that’s on the strength of some tenders we won, we’ll see them ship in the fourth quarter into 2017 by the way. So 2017 in Tokheim I think will have better comps, a better opportunity for us.
Steve Tusa: Okay and then just a quick follow-up by, that’s great color by the way on the fourth quarter. On refrigeration and food, your margins have kind of they treaded [ph] down this quarter, they were down even adding back their production inefficiencies, I mean will you be able to grow margins at this business in the fourth quarter and also, has Kroger gotten into you guys as far as giving you any indication of what they’re going to spend in 2017 or does that come kind of later in the year?
Bob Livingston: We have an indication, but we don’t get enough, I call it specifics until a little bit later in the year. And help me with the number. We did see within the Hillphoenix backlog, I think about a $1 million worth of orders and maybe it may have been bit less but there was something, it wasn’t a bit number but we did see it.
Steve Tusa: How big is Kroger now for you guys, are they almost as big as Walmart?
Bob Livingston: No.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Bob Livingston: A third.
Steve Tusa: And then just quickly 4Q margins for refrigeration directionally because they were down but they were up in the first quarter, so just curious is to how you kind of play that out as you run through these production inefficiencies.
Brad Cerepak: Fourth quarter margins are little bit better.
Steve Tusa: Year-over-year?
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Steve Tusa: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: A couple things, just on oil back to energy specifically. Just a couple pieces of color I’m looking for. First you commented about long cycle weakness. I’m wondering if that’s a comment away from the drilling and production numbers in the bearings and compression, can you just elaborate on that first.
Bob Livingston: Well let me, give you a perhaps a better definition of what I refer to when I say our early cycle applications and it really is drilling and artificial lift, Jeff. When I label our early cycle applications, our longer cycle applications yes is bearings and compression as well as our wench business.
Jeffrey Sprague: So are you seeing further downward pressure specifically in the gas driven market?
Bob Livingston: This is not deteriorated since the second quarter. And our bearings and compression business and third and fourth quarter, we actually see a very, very modest. In fact it’s so modest, you have to call it flat. Flat performance from the third to the fourth and our bearings and compression business and slightly improved margins.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then back to the early cycle stuff on the drilling and production side, what are you seeing now on production, completion specifically, is there an uptick in completion activity with kind of wells here with, kind of five handle any real inflection in those two there?
Bob Livingston: Yes, there was an increase in activity in the third quarter on the completion of wells. Let me give you a data point here at comp. so if I look at rig count, second quarter to third quarter and my number is going to be the poorly average from second quarter to third quarter. The rig count was up I think 14% and in our early cycle applications around drilling and artificial lift combined, the growth in that part of the business was almost identical to the increase in the rig count. It correlated very, very well, Jeff. We would expect that correlation to hold true for October and November as well. We’re being a bit cautious here in our outlook for energy with respect to the month of December. We have some concerns that we are going to see something similar to last year, when customers went really quite for the last two weeks of December and in fact many of our customers actually did not take product delivery at all through the final two weeks of the year. I don’t know if we’re going to see that same phenomenon again this year, but we do expect a little bit of slowing in activity in December and it’s not connected to rig count per se, it’s just connected to customer spending and I call it balance sheet management.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes, I would have guessed and correct me if I’m wrong but what you said there about you’re up 14 tracking to rig count up 14 implies I guess no net draw down on ducts [ph] in the quarter and I guess I would have thought that in my cap.
Bob Livingston: Okay, there was a net draw down, I don’t have a number but I think it was significant relative to what we’ve seen over the last three or four quarters. I think, the net draw - and we haven’t seen the final data on that. But I think the net draw down on ducts [ph] in the third quarter could be approaching a 1,000 wells. You have to appreciate that 20%, 22% better than 20% I think it maybe 22% or 23% of our artificial lift business is outside of North America and that especially in the Middle East and Latin America in the third quarter, we actually saw, I think a small single-digit decline year-over-year in our non-North American business and our US artificial lift business the, it was a little bit better than the rig count increase.
Jeffrey Sprague: And just finally I’m sorry, if I could sneak one in, you gave us in the bridge kind of the fuel cost impact in Fluids, but can you give us the sense of what the overall mix effects of all the M&A is in Fluids, if you can parse that down to kind of almost the same store sales basis on the core underlying Fluids.
Brad Cerepak: You want core margins, Jeff?
Bob Livingston: Do you want core margins?
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes.
Bob Livingston: So let’s see, we had a.
Brad Cerepak: Core margins, ex-acquisitions.
Bob Livingston: Ex- acquisitions and deal cost 20%.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: Yes, we caught a lot of grounds so couple of clean ups from me. So just going back to Andrew’s question about the sort of 30,000 foot macro view, what you hearing from customers? I mean, are we seeing budgets to third or budget cuts or is there some softening in the solution channels, where we are seeing some inventory headwinds, I mean any color there will be very helpful.
Bob Livingston: It depends, I think it somewhat depended upon the sector. I think what we continue to see in our longer cycle, oil and gas applications is continuing budget cuts and I’m not so sure that the customers are actually cutting their CapEx budgets but are being reallocated. We are convinced that’s happening a little bit here in North America with respect to the EMV rollout, even though we in our OPW legacy business have shown organic growth year-to-date and we’ll show it for the year. It is less than expected and we are rather certain that part of that reduction is being diverted to the EMV rollout. So they’re not necessarily cutting their budgets but reallocating where some of the CapEx spending is going. In the industrial that one’s a tougher one to call, Nigel. The orders do seem to be closing a bit longer, the cycle is a bit longer and as I mentioned earlier the push outs that we’ve seen over the last couple of months, I made the comment to Brad just recently, we’d go back several years before we would find a quarter really saw that level of push out activity.
Nigel Coe: Yes, that’s the [indiscernible] of my question. I’m just trying to figure out what caused that to happen this quarter as oppose to maybe first half of the year. Yes, okay.
Bob Livingston: I’m not sure, I can answer that question. I can tell you that it’s rather evident right now.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great and then just on the fluids margins. You know in previous calls you call out the impact of acquisitions it’s obviously lot of noise in that number. So I’m just wondering if you can give us.
Bob Livingston: Let me maybe correct that, when we say ex-acquisition and deal cost, maybe that number is also ex-restructuring. It’s all out, its ex-restructuring acquisitions and deal cost.
Brad Cerepak: So it really is the core margin of the continuing business of fluids.
Nigel Coe: And sorry, what was that core margin again, Brad?
Brad Cerepak: 20%.
Nigel Coe: 20%, okay that’s helpful.
Brad Cerepak: In the quarter, yes.
Nigel Coe: Right, and then just a quick one on the Energy, you know the comments in your prepared remarks seems to point us to minus 26% or there are about on your full year guide, but then you commented about the December caution. So the reason for the range on energy, the wide range of energy would be because of the December caution perhaps.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Nigel Coe: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Deane Dray of RBC.
Deane Dray: One of the changes that people are talking about in retail refrigeration is the recent announcement that Amazon is planning to move into grocery stores and so what might the prospects be for Hillphoenix this new customer, what the timing might be and are you in discussions with me?
Bob Livingston: Amazon is a customer of Hillphoenix, we are working with them pretty closely on their distribution centers and I know that guys are having discussions on their, I call them their neighbourhood rollout program.
Deane Dray: Any chance you could size for us, what an opportunity that might be and the time out?
Bob Livingston: They can’t even size it for us. Deane. From a timing perspective, I doubt you would see anything measurable in our business before the second half of next year and that’s a guess rate now based upon what little bit we know that’s been shared with us.
Deane Dray: Got it and then on potential divestitures, are you still contemplating others like you did with Tipper Tie, what might the prospects be for those in timing there?
Bob Livingston: So I’ll turn this over to the guy, who runs M&A.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. I don’t want to say too much about timing on other things but as you know we’ve always communicated that there are parts of the portfolio that given the right opportunity perhaps, we would love to do something once, now that’s the best I could tell you at this point.
Deane Dray: That’s pretty vague, Brad.
Brad Cerepak: I know. I’m not announcing divestitures today. I’m not - announcing any divestitures today.
Deane Dray: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse
Julian Mitchell: Thanks for saving the best to last.
Bob Livingston: We did, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Welcome. I’m glad to hear it. Just on the refrigeration again, really on the top line and I guess there doesn’t seem to have been much linkage so far between the year-on-year change in organic orders and the year-on-year change in organic sales, orders have been trending pretty good I think organically up about 5%.
Bob Livingston: Orders have been strong, yes. Orders have been strong.
Julian Mitchell: So when should that gap start to close because it sounds like Q4 again will be tough for the revenue line, is it all coming in the first half of next year although the visibility is low on that?
Bob Livingston: I would say, you’ll see that gap closed, maybe not all in the first quarter but it will close in the first four months.
Julian Mitchell: Understood and then just within the energy business the pricing pressure I guess has been stable at around 1.8% in the last couple of quarters.
Bob Livingston: [Indiscernible].
Julian Mitchell: That’s the good rate for next year, okay. And that should be the good rate for next year, is that what you meant by no sort of further degradation earlier on.
Bob Livingston: Should not be any worse than that.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. This concludes our conference call. With that we want to thank you once again for your continued interest in Dover and we will look forward to speaking with you again next quarter and just a reminder, our Investor Day will be in early December and we will send out invitations for that. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you that concludes today’s third quarter 2016 Dover Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg - Vice President, Investor Relations Robert Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer Brad Cerepak - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Andrew Obin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Shannon O’Callaghan - UBS Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Joseph Alfred Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Steve Winoker - Bernstein Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley
Presentation:
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2016 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Kristen. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s second quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s second quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2016. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 4, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 43614405. And before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our second quarter results excluding deal costs and one-time items were generally in line with our expectations, but disappointing nonetheless. Now, let me share some specific comments on the quarter. Within the quarter, our June revenue, earnings and bookings were significantly improved from April’s results. We expect to see this positive momentum carry into the third quarter and give us confidence for an improved back-half of the year. From a geographic perspective, excluding our Energy segment, our U.S. activity remains solid and grew organically low-single-digits year over year. Our European markets were down sequentially and year over year on an organic basis. China improved sequentially, but remained down from the prior year. We continue to be challenge by weak energy market dynamics. Though we believe that second quarter will mark the low-point of our 2016 performance in our Energy segment, our markets improved, albeit low April, as North American rig count modestly increased and the price of oil remained in the mid- to high-40s. While, the recent trend is encouraging year-over-year rig count and customer CapEx were still down substantially. These factors drove our second quarter revenue down about 9% sequentially. This result was slightly better than expected as we continue to see the positive impact of our share gain initiatives. Engineered Systems’ organic growth was 2%. As the Printing & Identification platform had a very strong quarter posting organic growth of 9%. These outstanding results we’re seeing both by our marking and coding, and digital textile equipment businesses. In the industrial platform, organic revenue declined 2%. This result was primarily driven by environmental solutions due to some deferred activity and tough comps against a very strong second quarter of 2015. Fluids posted 16% revenue growth, driven by several recent acquisitions. On an organic basis revenue declined 8%. Our businesses with direct oil and gas exposure, and those businesses serving integrated energy customers posted declines greater than we anticipated. Our businesses serving the hygienic and food, and pharma continued to show growth. Our Refrigeration & Food Equipment segment grew 1% organically, principally driven by increased volume in display and specialty cases with several retail refrigeration customers. In all, retail refrigeration grew 4% organically in the quarter. Our food equipment markets were mixed, where very weak results in our food processing business in Europe offset growth in other food equipment end-markets. Regarding acquisitions, we have closed three deals this year, including Tokheim, and have signed an agreement to acquire Wayne, which we are very excited about. Our teams have been fully engaged planning the integration of Wayne and Tokheim, and the market response to the announcement has been positive. We anticipate the transaction will close around the end of the third quarter. When Wayne closes we will have a $1.4 billion presence in the fuel distribution and retail fueling market, and be able to provide a unique product and service offering to our global customers. This deal along with others furthers our strategy to position Dover with a stronger long-term growth profile. Now, looking forward, within Energy we are maintaining our full-year revenue guidance. We see modest sequential improvement, assuming current oil prices and the North America rig count stay constructive. Initially, we expect our artificial lift business will benefit from increased MRO activity at the well-site. We also believe an increased completion rate for drill, but uncompleted wells will continue, especially in lower cost basins like the Permian. In all, we expect second-half revenue to be about 2% higher than first-half revenue. In Engineered Systems, our expectations for organic growth are unchanged. We expect the marking and coding business to grow mid-single-digits and our digital textile businesses to have double-digit growth. Within our industrial platform, we expect revenue in the second-half to be similar to the first-half. Fluids decline in organic revenue will be more than offset by growth from acquisitions. In our current forecast, we have lowered the high-end of our organic revenue as a result of continued soft markets. We have also reduced our growth rate for Tokheim as China activity in volume and other emerging markets is expected to remain weak in the back-half of the year. We expect the solid growth we’ve seen in our hygienic and pharma markets to continue. Finally, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment we are trimming the high-end of our full-year forecast for organic revenue growth. While our retail refrigeration business remains solid, driven by our leading technology and merchandising solutions, we anticipate can-shaping orders and shipments to push out over year-end. We have a strong backlog within retail refrigeration, and I’m pleased we have made good progress in our productivity and efficiency initiatives. In summary, I feel confident that our energy segment will show modest improvement in the back-half of the year. We expect our U.S. industrial markets to remain positive and for Europe and China to modestly improve. Our pipeline remains active and we expect to announce a few additional deals before year-end. With respect to guidance, we are adjusting our full-year EPS guidance to $3.35 to $3.45, principally reflecting the impact of our full - of our reduced full-year revenue forecast and for deal cost in one-time items. With that, I’ll turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let’s start on Slide 3 of our presentation deck. Today, we reported second quarter revenue of $1.7 billion, a decrease of 4%. This result included in organic revenue decline of 7%. Growth from acquisitions less dispositions was 3%. EPS was $0.76 including $0.04 of restructuring costs, deal costs of $0.02 and $0.04 of one-time items. Segment margin for the quarter was 13.1%, 250 basis points below last year. Approximately half of the margin reduction was due to higher year-over-year restructuring deal costs and one-time items. Bookings decreased 2% from the prior year to $1.7 billion. Within this result, acquisition growth of 6% was more than offset by the combined impact of reduced oil and gas markets, dispositions and FX. Organic bookings in our Engineered Systems and Refrigeration & Food Equipment segments grew 4% each, overall book-to-bill finished at 1.01%. Our backlog decreased 6% to $1.1 billion and was down 1%, when excluding dispositions. Of note, backlog increased 2% sequentially, largely reflecting retail refrigeration activity. Free cash flow was $172 million for the quarter or 10% of revenue. Our cash flow conversion to net income benefited from actions to reduce working capital. We expect to generate free cash flow of roughly 11% of revenue for the year. Now, turning to Slide 4, Engineered Systems increased organic revenue 2%, while Refrigeration & Food Equipment was up 1%, these increases reflects solid growth in Printing & Identification and in retail refrigeration. Fluids’ organic decline of 8% was largely driven by oil and gas exposure. Energy organic decline was 28% driven by weak North American oil and gas markets. As seen on the chart, acquisition growth in the quarter was most prevalent at Fluids with 24% growth. Now on Slide 5, Energy revenue of $259 million decreased 29%. Earnings were impacted by restructuring cost of $6 million, as well as other one-time costs of $5 million from our decision to temporarily suspend production at several plants and $2 million in settlement costs. Adjusting for these items, earnings were $13 million and margin was 5% in the quarter. This margin performance largely reflects significant volume declines and price reductions of approximately 2%. We expect $6 million of restructuring charges in the third quarter, $3 million higher than our prior forecast for this segment. We continue to believe we can exit the year with margin near 10%. Bookings were $246 million and book-to-bill was 0.95. Turning to Slide 6, Engineered Systems’ revenue of $592 million was flat overall and included organic revenue growth of 2%. Earnings of $104 million increased 8%, principally reflecting the benefits of productivity, volume leverage and a favorable product mix. Our Printing & Identification platform revenue of $264 million increased 15%. Organic revenue was up 9% primarily reflecting strong global marking and coding, and digital printing equipment activity. Acquisitions added 8% growth, while FX was 2% negative. In the industrial platform, overall revenue declined 10% to $329 million comprised of an organic decline of 2% and a 7% impact from dispositions. The organic revenue decline primarily reflected activity deferrals in tough comps in our environmental solutions business. Margin was 17.6%, a 130 basis point improvement. Bookings of $571 million were up 2%, which included organic bookings growth of 4%. Organically, printing and identification bookings increased 14% and industrial bookings decreased 2%. Book-to-bill for Printing & Identification was 1.01. Industrials book-to-bill of 0.93 reflects deferred order activity with environmental solutions. Overall book-to-bill was 0.96. Now, moving to Slide 7, within Fluids, revenue increased 16% to $406 million, while earnings decreased 23% to $54 million. Revenue performance reflects 24% growth from acquisitions, partially offset by an 8% decline in organic revenue. The organic decline was driven by our businesses with direct oil and gas exposure, lower spending in certain integrated energy customers, particularly retail fueling and project timing. This decline was partially offset by continued solid results in our hygienic and pharma markets. Regarding acquisition growth, our retail fueling activity in China was weak, as were other emerging markets. Margin declined 670 basis points in the quarter, reflecting lower organic volume, the impact of acquisitions, $4 million in deal costs and $3 million in incremental restructuring costs. Excluding acquisitions related deal costs and restructuring margin was 19.4%, a decrease of 80 basis points over an adjusted prior year. Bookings were $414 million, an increase of 24%. This result primarily reflects the impact of acquisitions. On an organic basis bookings declined 1%. Book-to-bill was 1.02. Now let’s turn to Slide 8, Refrigeration & Food Equipment’s revenue of $429 million was down 4% overall and included organic revenue growth of 1%. Earnings of $63 million declined 4% from the prior year. Earnings were flat with last year after adjusting for our recent disposition. Organic revenue growth was largely driven by increased volume with several retail refrigeration customers, especially in the display and specialty case product lines. Within Food Equipment results were mixed. Solid results in commercial food service and can shaping equipment were offset by weak European food processing equipment results. Margin was 14.7%, unchanged from last year. Bookings were $469 million, down 4%. This result includes 4% organic growth, offset by dispositions and FX. Organic growth was primarily driven by strong retail refrigeration bookings. Book-to-bill was a seasonally strong 1.09. Of note, book-to-bill for retail refrigeration was 1.13 as compared to 1.06 last year. Going to the overview on Slide 9, let me cover some highlights. Corporate expense was $25 million and net interest expense was $32 million, both largely in line with our expectations. Our second quarter tax rate was 27.3% excluding discrete tax costs, slightly lower than our prior forecasted rate. CapEx was $35 million in the quarter. Now, moving to Slide 10, which shows our full-year guidance, as Bob mentioned, our 2016 revenue guidance has been adjusted on the high-end to reflect reduced forecast for Fluids, and Refrigeration & Food Equipment. We now expect total revenue to decrease 3% to 5%. Within this estimate, organic revenue is expected to decline 6% to 8% as compared to our prior forecast of down 5% to 8%. We expect acquisitions will add approximately 7% growth, partially offset by dispositions and FX. At the midpoint of our guidance, adjusted segment margin is expected to be around 15%, excluding restructuring and deal costs and one-time items. Corporate expense is now anticipated to be $108 million for the year, $12 million below our prior forecast on reduced spending. Our full year forecast for interest expense is unchanged and the pre-discrete tax rate has been slightly lowered to be in the range of 27.5% to 28%. From a segment perspective, Energy and Engineered System’s full-year organic revenue forecasts are unchanged from our prior guidance. Fluids’ organic revenue has been reduced two points on the high-end, and now is forecasted to decline 4% to 5%. Refrigeration & Food Equipment organic revenue has been lowered one point at the high-end and now stands at 2% to 3%. The impact of acquisitions, dispositions, and FX remains unchanged. Turning to the 2016 bridge on Slide 11, let’s start with 2015 adjusted EPS of $3.63. We continue to expect the year-over-year impact of lower restructuring cost in 2016 to be $0.07. Performance including volume, productivity pricing and restructuring benefits will impact earnings $0.37 to $0.31. This is reduced $0.20 from our prior forecast and now includes $0.05 of deal costs and $0.04 of one-time costs. Increases in investment and compensation will impact earnings $0.20 to $0.17, reflecting roughly $0.02 lower spend from our prior forecast. Acquisition plus dispositions will be about $0.12 accretive in total, $0.04 lower than our prior forecast, primarily driven by slower activity in China retail fueling markets and other emerging markets. The combined impact of interest, corporate expense and the tax rate is about $0.06 better than our prior forecast, driven by reduced corporate expense and a slightly lower tax rate. Lastly, discrete tax benefits of $0.04 are included in our forecast. In total, we expect 2016 EPS to be $3.35 to $3.45, down about $0.19 at the midpoint from our prior guidance. Approximately, $0.09 of this reduction is attributable to deal costs and one-time cost, and a remainder is driven by a lower revenue forecast in Fluids and Refrigeration & Food Equipment, offset in part by lower corporate expense and a reduced tax rate. With that, I’m going to turn it back over to Bob for some final comments.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. Let me share some summary comments, as we move into the back-half of our year. We saw a strong organic booking growth in Engineered Systems and Refrigeration & Food Equipment, which sets them up well for their second-half revenue plan. In energy, we expect improved sequential performance driven by modestly improving markets, share gain initiatives and a reduced cost base. We also see a renewed focus on land-based drilling and production, especially in lower cost basins. Within Fluids, second-half revenues will be up to seasonality in our retail fueling business and continued strength in our pharma and hygienic applications. We are excited about our growth and margin expansion opportunities in the retail fueling market, especially with the addition of Wayne. I am pleased with the many positive changes we’ve made to our business profile over the last few years. We now have several large businesses with global scale and you should expect us to continue the strategy of creating great businesses across our growth markets. In all, I believe we’ll demonstrate much stronger performance in the second-half. We remain focused on improving our financial performance and increasing shareholder value. With that, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. And now, Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. Before we take the first question, I just like to remind you as a courtesy, we have several people in queue. So if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we’ll be able to take more questions. And with that, Kirsten, if we can have the first question.
Operator: Certainly, our first question comes from Andrew Obin with Bank of America.
Andrew Obin: Good morning, guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Andrew.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: I’ve just a question and I’ve been getting a lot of questions from investors this morning on Energy. Can you just give us some more color as to what gives you reassurance? I mean, the book-to-bill is still below 1 on Energy. What gives you reassurances that things are in fact improving? And when do you think we’re going to start seeing improved bookings? And just a follow-up, I’ll to the follow-up right now, on Fluids, on pumps how bad is the weakness and how long do you think it will last? So these are my questions. Thank you.
Robert Livingston: All right, good. Energy, I think, we started to see the change in Energy in the second quarter, Andrew. There was - actually in my prepared comments, I made a comment that June was much stronger than April and that comment was across the board within Dover. But it was noticeably so within Energy. Our upstream order activity and Energy in June was up 18% over April. And our expectation for the third quarter and Energy order rates here in the first two, three weeks of July, we’re actually running slightly ahead of our third quarter forecast, especially in what we will label as the early cycle business activity around our rods and our ESP pumps. We see the term and we feel fairly confident with our forecast for the second-half of the year. In fact, I would - I think another two or three weeks of order activity, like we’ve seen in the past three weeks, maybe I would label the revenue and earnings forecast for Energy as having a little bit of upside for the year.
Andrew Obin: And on Fluids?
Robert Livingston: Fluids, the oil-and-gas hit is in our pumps business, and it’s not just standard. For the most part we’ve been dealing with declines in our standard pumps through distribution, which we continue to see a little bit of that here in the second quarter. It was a bit more than we expected. But the most significant thing in the second quarter was the loss of a - I will label it as an oil and gas project. We lost it on price and it was within our engineered pumps business group, not our standard pumps. It was a one-off order.
Andrew Obin: And do you have a sense how long you think - when do you think orders there start turning positive or could flatten out?
Robert Livingston: Yes, within the oil and gas piece of our Fluids that one is tough to call. If you look back at the - as our Energy cycle or as the Energy cycle started, we probably didn’t see a measurable downturn in our pumps business for probably at least three months after we started to see the downturn in our Energy segment. If we truly are at a turning point here in the Energy cycle, Andrew, my best guess is we are not going to see much of a change in order activity within our pumps business related to oil and gas into early next year.
Andrew Obin: Terrific, thank you very much.
Robert Livingston: We are not forecasting anything, any pickup in our pumps business related to oil and gas in the second half, that’s for sure.
Andrew Obin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shannon O’Callaghan with UBS.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Good morning, guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Hey, Bob, maybe just a little more explanation on the thought process around the plant shutdowns you decided to do in Energy during the quarter. And then, I think, Brad said that you are ramping up the restructuring more of the third quarter. Yes, that sort of - in the same mix that you’re sounding, you’re sounding lot more positive on the market. So it seems like you’re doing shutdowns and more restructuring, but believing in the turn, so may be reconcile those.
Robert Livingston: As we entered the second quarter, we did have additional restructuring plan, especially in our rods and our pump businesses around artificial lift. And as April unfolded, even though it was as bad as we expected, Shannon, we were sort of firming our opinion that we would see a turn here in the rig count, before the end of the second quarter. And we made a decision to hold the workforce intact in May and June instead of having employee separations. We shut - I believe you know the count. I think it was at least four factories down for two weeks in the second quarter instead of employee separations. It did call some P&L charges to the quarter that we did not have in our initial forecast or planning, but I would tell you now, recognizing the change in the order rate activity during June, I’m glad we made that decision, the restructuring that we have scheduled for the third quarter, and I think it’s primarily in the third quarter, isn’t it for Energy?
Brad Cerepak: Yes, in the third quarter, it’s incrementally up $3 million in Energy, but in total.
Robert Livingston: In Energy, but it’s in artificial lift interest…
Brad Cerepak: Just in total for the company we’re still forecasting the same level of total restructuring, but Energy is up. And, maybe, Bob, you want to…
Robert Livingston: Yes. And the restructuring activity in the third quarter is not in artificial lift, it’s in a couple of the other businesses. And, Shannon, I would - Brad, correct me if I’m wrong. But I think the charges we have in the third quarter, we do expect the benefits in the second-half of 2016 to equal or be even better than the charges we take.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Okay, great. Thanks. And then, just on Fluid margins, as we work up from kind of a 2Q level on Fluid margins to the back-half where do you see them going, I know the elimination of, I guess, the Wayne dale costs will be part of the lift. What else we have going on and what do you think Fluid margins look like for the year now?
Robert Livingston: So reported Fluid margins in the quarter were a little better than 13%, but if you adjust for - if you adjust for restructuring and some of our one-time cost, especially our deal cost that we had in the second quarter, it’s 19%. It is interesting to still note, Shannon, that if we look at our core business. And now I’m excluding our acquisitions that we’ve added here over the past, over the past several months, our core business excluding restructuring and one-time cost was 19.4%. And our forecast for the year in this segment on the same basis - just looking at the core, the margins on our core business, excluding deal cost, 19.9%, almost 20%.
Shannon O’Callaghan: And then, what you think it is going to look like kind of on a reported basis at this point?
Robert Livingston: All cost in 16% - 15.5% to 16%.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Sorry to just belabor this, so the deal costs go away versus 2Q when you’re at 13.3%, what else lifts you from 13% up to, say, like high-teens in the back-half all in?
Robert Livingston: Shannon, a big change in the second-half with respect to Fluids is volume improvement. You’re going to have to help me here, Brad, with the number, but I think the volume increase in the second-half over the first-half. And I don’t have it compared to the second quarter, but I’m just doing second-half versus first-half. I think the volume improvement is about a $100 million, maybe even slightly more than that, but rough number $100 million. And that’s driven by the normal seasonality we’re expecting in our retail fueling business and continued strength in our hygienic and Pharma markets. And we do have a change here in the second-half. We feel like we’ve got the benefit of some favorable product mix in the second-half. We’re going to have very good conversion on this volume in the second-half.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Okay. Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, thank you.
Robert Livingston: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, just a question on overall on organic sales growth, so organic sales fell about 7% in the first-half, the year as a whole implies down 7% for the second-half. But you talked about a big or a - or a meaningful sort of delta across the board in June relative to April. So I’m just trying to understand why there is no improvement in sales given an easier comp in the back-half?
Robert Livingston: Well, that answer maybe starts and ends with a comment on Energy. Even though, sequentially we are forecasting a very modest improvement in Energy. Our organic revenue in the second-half within our Energy segment is still down 19% versus last year.
Julian Mitchell: Okay. And then secondly, within Fluids, on the booking side bookings have been sort of flattish organically, but our six months the organic sales worse than that. So maybe just give us a little bit of insight into how much of Fluids is sort of book and ship, and how much visibility the recent bookings give you on the three to six months sales looking out?
Robert Livingston: Sure, if I define book and ship, let’s say, bookings that ship within 90 days, not necessarily within 30 days, my guess would be, Julian, that 75% of Fluids bookings would fall into the book and ship category, book and ship within 90 days. We did see a significant increase in bookings within this segment, as we moved through the quarter. In fact, the - we started to see, it was a bit late. We actually started - we actually expected to see this in May and it didn’t happen. But the June order rates within Fluids were up 13% or 14% versus April. And this is the start of our seasonal period within retail Fueling and we expect to see that continue. I’d add a little bit of extra color. If we look at the order rates for the first two to three weeks of July, across the board our order rates are very supportive of our third quarter forecast.
Julian Mitchell: Very helpful, thank you.
Robert Livingston: We will see a significant increase in retail fueling business activity in the second-half.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie: Thank you. Maybe just following upon…
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie: Hey, good morning. Maybe just following up on that last point on the expectation for a big increase in the second-half of the year, you took Tokheim forecast for the year. I’m just curious - give maybe a little bit more color Tokheim. Does that have negative implications for Wayne? And what is - why do you believe that we are going to see a pickup in the second-half in retail fueling?
Robert Livingston: Well, number one on Tokheim, the reduction in our revenue forecast for Tokheim for the year is almost exclusively China. I think it’s, what was it? $14 million is our reduction in the Tokheim revenue forecast. And, Joe, I think we’ve got 12 of that.
Brad Cerepak: 12 of it is China.
Robert Livingston: …is China. We expect Europe to exhibit the normal seasonality that historically has been seen in this market. And our second quarter order activity reflects that. In fact, I think our European dispenser order rates in the second quarter, especially in June were quite strong with Tokheim. And I think even for the entire second quarter dispenser bookings - dispenser book-to-bill I think was 1.2.
Brad Cerepak: It was 1.2.
Robert Livingston: …for the second quarter. We are at the front-end of that build in the seasonal ramp in the retail fueling business.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie: Got it, okay. That’s helpful. Maybe, I guess, switching gears, my second question on Energy. The expectation that we could do double-digit - exit the year with double-digit margins, maybe kind of talk me through some of the puts and takes on the restructuring side, because it seems like you’re implying some pretty low detrimentals to exit the year at that rate, even if organic growth is slightly better. So I’m just kind of curious on how we’re getting there?
Robert Livingston: You want to help me with this one, Brad? The plan - what is in our plan and our guidance right now are operating margins within the Energy segment, I think of 9.7% or 9.8% for the fourth quarter. Am I correct?
Brad Cerepak: Yes, yes.
Robert Livingston: Okay. Almost 10%, as I shared in my comments. And we are be - I think we are actually being cautious with this. We are not baking into our expectations, our forecast. I would say the traditional incremental margins that we see on increased revenue within Energy, we have some businesses that have traditionally incrementaled up - converted up, very, very strongly. I think our conversion that we are using in the second-half of the year I think it’s in the low-30s - 32% or 34%. Traditionally that would’ve been 40%, if not, a bit higher. I think we’re being cautious with respect to anticipating continuing price pressures. And perhaps a little bit of uncertainty as to which product lines actually see the uptick in revenue in the second-half. It is worth noting that here early in July, and I’m repeating myself, we are seeing some - we’re seeing the order rates in our rods business and our ESP pump business come in a bit stronger than our third quarter forecast.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, and, Joe, I guess what I would add to that is first-half restructuring in DE is about $12 million of cost. Second-half we’re looking at half of that, most of that being in the third quarter. With respect to benefits though, benefits are also doubling themselves into the back-half of year. So the first-half benefits on restructurings, moving into the back-half give us strength into the fourth quarter. And that’s also helping us in our view that we can get to 10% margins.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie: Got it, so basically you’re going to hold - you’re going to try to hold margins year-over-year. I mean, organic growth is still going to be negative in the fourth quarter. But the restructuring benefit should help offset. Is that fair?
Brad Cerepak: That’s correct.
Robert Livingston: Yes. Correct.
Joseph Alfred Ritchie: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research.
Robert Livingston: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning. Hey, hello, could we just touch on price a little bit more? I think they’re down too, that you mentioned, Bob, is in the zone relative to what you were expecting for the year. A little bit of erosion from Q1 and your comment in Q1 was interesting that you thought price wasn’t worse, because there is not enough demand for people to you see any elasticity and therefore why cut price. I just wonder now if you’re seeing this little pulse of activity how people are behaving on price perhaps it’s too earlier really know.
Robert Livingston: Yes, it’s too early to answer that one, because I would say the pulse in activity is about six weeks old, Jeff. I’ll give you a comp. I think our negative price in the first quarter within Energy for the segment was just a hair under 1%. In the second quarter, it’s a full 2%.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes.
Robert Livingston: But it wasn’t - I don’t think it was any different in June than it was in April. Okay, that’s getting to the heart of your question.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes. And I think you were seeing much that minus 1 or 90 basis points whatever it was in Q1 reflected I think high-single-digits declines in rods and maybe parts of the ESP business. Is that not…
Robert Livingston: And our diamond inserts.
Jeffrey Sprague: Diamond inserts?
Robert Livingston: Yes.
Jeffrey Sprague: I’m sure you had a chance to look or listen to Halliburton yesterday, their comment that 900 is the new 2000 as it relates to absorbing horsepower in the rig count. Some of what they said may not be totally analogous to you. I’m not sure if you’re familiar with what they said. But how do you respond to that? Obviously, part of what they’re saying is longer depths and the like, which would apply you, some of it is pumping more sand, which probably doesn’t. But is there anything you could share with us in terms of Dover value per rig or any changes in kind of the mix of your business that may kind of soften that direct correlation to the rig-count that we’re seeing historically.
Robert Livingston: Near term, I don’t think there is, Jeff. I think for the next couple or three quarters you’re going to see especially - again, especially within our upstream business activity you’re going to continue to see a pretty high correlation with rig count. The longer laterals do benefit us with respect to rods and the pricing around some of our pumps. And I think it will also benefit us. We may not see it right away, but I think it will benefit us with respect to our automation business.
Jeffrey Sprague: Then just one last one, you probably have little more real-time data than I do, but kind of the commentary around the ducks, [ph] what I had heard, there is just really not any major change in kind of the uncompleteds out there. Are you in fact starting to see that, perhaps that’s more in the data in the last month or so?
Robert Livingston: Yes, and I would - you are correct. I would say it’s all within the last month there. The change in June wasn’t stark, but what there was a rate change in June. And I think - I have, I commented this in my prepared comments. I think we will see increased activity around well completions in the second-half.
Jeffrey Sprague: Right, thank you very much guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time restraints, we do ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Our next question comes from Steve Winoker with Bernstein.
Steve Winoker: Good morning.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Winoker: You maybe just - I just wanted to follow-up one of those earlier points. You’ve got, I recall $95 million or so projected savings in 2016 from restructuring. How far through are you? And you still see that as the number?
Robert Livingston: You’re going to help me on this one, Brad.
Brad Cerepak: I would say, okay, so $95 million. That $95 million has increased since our last discussion on this topic. So I would say at this point we’re about $10 million higher. And remember in the $95 million there is carryover in that number, but which completely from 2015. But in terms of our restructuring we expect to have the 2016 action substantially complete here early in the third quarter. And the benefits flowing through in our P&L this year, again I was talking Energy before between first half, second-half. If I look at the total company incrementally new benefits over the carryover that number again in first-half doubles itself into the back-half. So we had - think about it this way, we probably had $20 million of savings in the first-half, we’ll see $40 million plus in the back-half of savings plus the incremental piece get you the - let’s call it $105 million, roughly speaking, benefits.
Steve Winoker: Okay, that’s helpful. And then, could you maybe talk a little bit more about, I guess, let’s say, something positive here around Wayne. You laid out for some high-level expectations earlier, when you announced the transaction dilutive in 2016, modestly accretive in 2017, and more accretive in 2018, I guess, the EBITDA in the 130 range including run rate synergies. You have any more clarity around what you’re expecting there, early view, maybe even down in EPS, any thoughts? I’m going to try.
Robert Livingston: Before Brad answers you, I think he is prepared to, let me tell you that even though we believe right now we can close this in the third quarter that’s not entirely under our control. And it is possible that this moves into the early fourth quarter as a close and that will have depending upon the quarter, even though it may only be three or four weeks difference that that will have a bit of an impact on the - impact it has on our results in 2016.
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Robert Livingston: Now with that qualifier - but there are lots of qualifiers here, Steve.
Brad Cerepak: But let me start by saying that when we talked about - let me just clarify the P&L that we have, the forecast that we currently give you here in this update. It includes deal costs in the second and third quarter in our Fluids business, which we highlighted that’s all related to Wayne. What we don’t have in our forecast, is any contingent upon completion costs, which will come at the time we complete the deal. If we complete the deal at the end of the third quarter here going into the fourth quarter, we feel pretty confident with the numbers that we had previously stated about the amount of sales that they expect for 2016. We said 550. I think they are actually right on that number to doing quite well, quite frankly. So without giving a lot of details around seasonality, if you took one fourth of that number, and then you looked at deal costs and amortization step-ups and the like, our view is it will be in the fourth quarter, incremental to the forecast we just gave you, dilutive, because of again finalization of deal costs, amortization step-ups hitting the P&L, positive operationally. But after those costs dilutive and then of course you would have the funding costs or the interest costs associated with the purchase price of $780 million that would also hit the P&L in the fourth quarter.
Steve Winoker: Okay, okay. And Bob, your comments, are you saying, you weren’t saying it’s more likely it’s going to hit the fourth quarter, you’re just saying possible.
Robert Livingston: No, right now our opinion is that it could close in the third quarter. I’m just repeating myself, we don’t control that.
Steve Winoker: Yes. Okay, thank you, guys.
Robert Livingston: We are fully prepared for it to move into the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan.
Stephen Tusa: Hi, hey, good morning.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Tusa: So just to be clear on what you’re saying on this Fluids stuff, to get to a 15%, close to a 16% margin, that implies something in kind of the - I don’t know, what’s kind of the second-half total profit number? I mean, I have $100 million to start with here in the first-half. Typically over the last three years pretty consistently you’ve been up, half-over-half around high-single-digit. This would seem to be a more dramatic type of increase. I mean, almost like I don’t know, almost 650 to $60 million maybe $70 million bucks. I mean, I’m just kind of struggling with, why you have this kind of confidence?
Robert Livingston: All cost in - you are using all cost in as opposed to adjusted numbers. So our revenue we’re looking in a better $100 million revenue increase in the second half. And, yes, you are correct, the earnings increase in the second half is just about $60 million.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. And you’re saying that is for a Tokheim business that is underperforming, you’re saying that’s on kind of an organic basis, that’s the retail fueling business?
Robert Livingston: That’s the Tokheim European activity that we expect to be much stronger in the second half and a significant increase in the OPW business with respect to retail fueling in the second half. And the absence of some charges that we had in the first half that aren’t repeating.
Stephen Tusa: But you do have some deal charges in Wayne, I mean is it R&D take more deal charges in Wayne in the second-half as well?
Robert Livingston: We - I think, we have, what, $3 million to $4 million?
Brad Cerepak: We are, Steve, but we did have from the original Tokheim deal, we had rollover of these inventory step ups…
Stephen Tusa: From all the acquisitions?
Brad Cerepak: And all the acquisitions, Gavorez, [ph] all that in the first half, they don’t repeat itself. So the standard amortization stays in place in the second half, but that big inventory rollover is gone, as is restructuring - restructuring in the second half is less than the first half. But you are right, deal costs for Wayne first half to second half in the forecast is basically the same number.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. Is Tokheim on it kind of a run rate basis is Tokheim making money on common all-in, including the amortization that kind of stuff?
Robert Livingston: Including amortization in the first half, I think it was slightly better than breakeven, and the loses which we took, the charges we took in China. And the second quarter, I don’t have - the second quarter was when we made the transition. And we started to see the improved activity at Tokheim, I think it was in May. Steve, the Tokheim, I think 80% of our earnings for Tokheim are actually in the second half of the year.
Brad Cerepak: But after the amortization, the answer is, yes, it is possible, it is accretive.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then one last question just on energy. What you see the third quarter being there from a margin perspective?
Robert Livingston: Oh, goodness. I don’t have that, it’s less than the - it’s less than our forecast for the fourth quarter…
Brad Cerepak: It’s kind of linear, it’s linear…
Robert Livingston: So you got the back-end to that, yes.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, it’s linear coming out of the second quarter.
Robert Livingston: 5% to 7%.
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: Good morning. Hi.
Robert Livingston: Hi Nigel.
Nigel Coe: So just wanted to I mean, cover obviously lot of the major topics. Just wanted to dig into Engineered Systems, the strength in P&I, that’s normally pretty steady business, so the strength you called out is a bit surprising, especially given the underlying production backdrop. So just maybe, Bob, Brad, if you could just address that, maybe throw in color on new products, market share gains et cetera.
Robert Livingston: Yes. Well, the product ID had a very strong quarter Nigel, thank you. The core business, the business we’ve owned for a long time our marking and coding business, help me here with my recall, I think organic growth for the quarter was 6%.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, 5%, 6%.
Robert Livingston: That was strong, but we’ve been working lot of issues there over the last year or so and we’ve seen a lot of improvements in the business. I’ll give you a little bit of color on the marking and coding business beyond that. Sequentially, the business was up I think, 8% or 9% coming out of the first quarter. Nigel, it’s around the world with the exception of China. It’s around the world with the exception of China. In fact, organic growth for the marking and coding business may have actually been higher in Europe in the second quarter than it was here in the States, which is a bit of a change. But our - we had very strong organic growth here in North America. I think, organic growth in Europe may have been 7% or 8%. And we saw it in both increased sales of equipment as well as consumables. And I would also say it continued to build through the quarter.
Nigel Coe: But I’m assuming the underlying market is not growing.
Robert Livingston: But what looks - pardon?
Nigel Coe: So I’m assuming the underlying market is not growing at those kinds of levels, so I’m just wondering what drove the up-movements [ph].
Robert Livingston: We view the underlying market that this business is serving with a growth of about 3%.
Nigel Coe: Okay, okay. And then you mentioned the environmental solutions business down some deferrals there. Waste management at the well [and the pumps at the well] [ph] is doing quite well right now. So I’m just wondering if you have any context on why there might be some deferrals. And maybe just remind us, how does this business cycle with the broader truck cycle.
Robert Livingston: I’m not sure I have a correlation for you with respect to the broader truck cycle. And my opinion would be that it’s not very highly correlated financial. In fact, I would tell you that when the truck cycle is up it does create some challenges for our business in just getting customer deliveries on time. The second quarter - we expect to see growth in this business for the year. We expect to see growth in the industrial platform in the year. I think we have a schedule or planned it at 2%. We saw some projects slip out from the second quarter into the balance of the year. I wouldn’t label it as slip or slips or deferrals with the two major haulers, but more with municipalities, and a recent acquisition with two of the smaller players - a recent merger of two of the smaller players.
Nigel Coe: Okay, okay. I’ll leave it there. But I almost understand it. I can’t agree with the second-half versus first-half. And I believe we can’t get the $100 million of sales ramp up, but we’ll follow-up offline. Thanks, guys.
Robert Livingston: Okay.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we had now exceeded our allotted time for Q&A. And it’s my pleasure to hand our program back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Yes, thank you very much for joining us for the second quarter earnings call. In advance, I’ll apologize for any people who didn’t get on. We tried to get more calls on, but they kind of dragged on a little bit. So I will follow up with you later in the quarter and we look forward to talking to you in the third quarter. Thanks a lot. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s second quarter 2016 Dover Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg - VP of IR Robert Livingston - President and CEO Brad Cerepak - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Steven Winoker - Bernstein Steve Tusa - JP Morgan Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Andy Kaplowitz - Citi Group
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the First Quarter 2016 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Kristy. Good morning and welcome to Dover's first quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's first quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2016. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 5th, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1-800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 79357235. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information on Dover can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. As previously communicated, our first quarter was well below our initial expectations, driven by significant further reductions in activity and capital spending within our U.S. oil and gas related end markets. These conditions primarily impacted our energy segment and to a lesser extent fluid. The market served by engineered systems and refrigeration and food equipment remained solid, resulting in an organic growth of 3% in each segment. In total, we delivered first quarter adjusted EPS of $0.52 until further steps to reduce our cost and right-size our businesses. In addition to introducing new products and pursuing share gains, we are increasing the restructuring actions and have stepped up our efforts on productivity, including shared services. Now let me share some comments on the quarter. From a geographic perspective, excluding our energy segment, our U.S. industrial activity remained solid and grew organically low single-digits year-over-year. Both our China and European markets were down sequentially and also down organically from the prior year. In energy, markets further deteriorated as we moved through the quarter. Market activity levels hit new lows on continued declines in the U.S. rig count and reduced capital spending, which in turn drove our first quarter revenue and earnings down significantly. Our teams have remained resolute on actions to drive sales and share gains and in reducing all non-essential cost, while still maintaining their engineering talent and ability to respond to customer opportunities. Engineered systems organic growth was 3%. Within printing and identification, we once again posted solid results in our core marking and coding business. And the industrial platform, organic growth was broad based. Fluids posted strong revenue growth driven by the recent acquisitions of Tokheim, Geller [ph] and Reduction. On an organic basis, our businesses with direct oil and gas exposure and those businesses serving integrated energy customers, especially within retail fueling posted declines. Our Refrigeration and Food Equipment segment grew 3% organically, largely driven by retail refrigeration. Revenue in earnings performance was as expected, benefiting from our customer expansion efforts taken over the last several quarters. Regarding acquisitions, we believe we have line of sight on several deals over the next few quarters and our key growth markets. Now looking forward, within energy as a result of further U.S. market declines, we have reduced our organic revenue forecast, which is now expected to be down 27% to 30% for the full year. On a sequential basis, the first quarter was down 12%. We now expect the second quarter to sequentially decline another 10%. In Engineered Systems, our expectations for organic growth are unchanged, driven by the leading technology and new products offered across the segment. We expect the marking and coding business to grow low to mid-single-digits and our digital textile businesses to have double-digit growth. Within our industrial platform, we expect modest broad based growth. Fluids will grow this year, driven by their recent acquisitions, which should generate roughly 400 million in revenue in 2016. We also expect solid to strong growth from our industrial hygienic and pharma markets. Overall organic revenue is expected to be a few points lower than previously forecasted, as a result of direct oil and gas exposure, lower CapEx spending for integrated energy customers and project timing. Finally, within Refrigeration and Food Equipment, our plans for organic revenue growth and margin improvement remain on track, heading into the seasonally strong second and third quarters. Our leading technology and merchandising solutions are resulting in customer wins at several regional and national food retail chains. In summary, we are lowering our full year EPS guidance to reflect the impact of oil and gas markets. Our full year guidance includes 40 million of restructuring costs, which will deliver significant benefits on an annualized basis. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Brad for further comments.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on slide three of the presentation deck. Today, we reported first quarter revenue of $1.6 billion, a decrease of 5%. This result was comprised of an organic revenue decline of 7%, and an FX impact of 1%. Growth from acquisitions of 6% less dispositions resulted in net acquisition growth of 3%. EPS was $0.64; it includes $0.05 of discrete tax benefit and a $0.07 gain from a disposition. Segment margin for the quarter was 11.7%, a 180 basis points below last year. Adjusting for first quarter restructuring of approximately $14 million, margin was 12.5%. Restructuring activities were primarily focused within our Energy and Fluid segment. Bookings decreased 4% over the prior year to $1.7 billion. Within this result acquisition growth of 4% was more than offset by the combined impact of reduced oil and gas market disposition and FX. Organic bookings in our Engineered System and Refrigeration and Food Equipment segments grew 4% and 5% respectively. Overall, book-to-bill finished at 1.03, up slightly from last year. Our backlog decreased 10%; to $1.1 billion and was down 6% excluding disposition. Free cash flow was $96 million, or 6% of revenue consistent with the prior year first quarter. We expect to generate free cash flow of roughly 11% of revenue for the full year. Now let's turn to slide four. Engineered Systems and Refrigeration and Food Equipment both increased organic revenue 3%. This increase reflects broad based growth of Engineered Systems and in retail refrigeration and can-shaping businesses of Refrigeration and Food Equipment. Fluids organic decline of 3% was driven by oil and gas markets and lower CapEx spending in select fluid transfer markets. Energy organic revenue was down 33% on further decline in the North American oil and gas markets. As seen on the chart, net acquisition growth was most prevalent as fluid with 22% growth, principally driven by Tokheim. Now on slide five. Energy revenue of $283 million decreased 34%, driving earnings down from the prior year to $11 million. Energy's results continued to be further impacted by declines in oil and gas markets fundamentals especially the U.S. rig count. Energy incurred an additional $6 million in restructuring costs. Since the beginning of the oil and gas downturn in 2014, this segment has reduced their workforce by 32%, or 2,100 people. Excluding the Q1 restructuring costs, our operating margin was 6%, reflecting volume and price decline. We expect to complete additional cost actions in the second quarter and exit 2016 at around 10% margin. Bookings were $273 million and book-to-bill was 0.97. Turning to slide six. Engineered Systems revenue of $577 million increased 1% overall, reflecting organic revenue growth of 3% and unfavorable FX of 2%, net acquisitions were neutral, where the acquisition growth of JK was essentially offset by the revenue connected with the sale of the business. Earnings of $94 million increased 6%, principally reflecting the benefits of productivity and organic volume leverage. Of note, $11 million gain on the disposition was principally offset by increased cost associated with a factory - of recent factory consolidation and other one-time items. Our printing and identification platform revenue of $240 million, increased 4%. Organic revenue was up 1%, primarily reflecting solid North American marking and coding market. Acquisitions at 8% growth, while FX was 5% negative. In the industrial platform overall revenue decline 2% to $337 million, where organic growth of 4% was offset by a 5% impact from a disposition and a 1% from FX. Organic growth was broad based. We incurred $2 million in restructuring costs at the quarter. Excluding the Q1 restructuring costs, margin was 16.6%. Bookings of $573 million was flat, reflecting organic bookings growth of 4% and acquisition growth of 3%. Largely offset by the impact of a disposition in FX. Organically printing and identification bookings were essentially flat and industrial bookings increased 6%. Book-to-bill for printing and identification was 1.01, while industrial was 0.98. Overall, book-to-bill was 0.99. Now on slide seven, within fluids revenue increased 17% to $399 million. While earnings decreased 16% to $46 million. Revenue performance reflects 22% growth from acquisitions partially offset by a 3% decline in organic revenue and 2% from FX. Our fluids transfer and pumps results reflecting impact of weak oil and gas markets, reduced capital spending and the timing of orders, partially offset by solid results in industrial hygienic and pharma markets. Lower organic volume, the impact of acquisitions and 3 million of incremental restructuring costs reduced margin 460 basis points in the quarter. Excluding restructuring and acquisition and related purchase accounting, margin was 17.5%, an increase of 70 basis points over an adjusted prior year. Bookings were $418 million, an increase of 23%. This result primarily reflects the positive impact of acquisitions. On an inorganic basis, bookings were flat. Book-to-bill was 1.05. Now let's turn to slide eight, Refrigeration and Food Equipment’s revenue was $363 million declined 2% from the prior year, and earnings with $38 million, an increase of 6%. Organic revenue growth of 3% was largely driven by wins at several retail refrigeration customers. We also had solid results in our glass door and can-shaping equipment businesses. Overall, the disposition of our walk-in cooler product line in FX impacted revenue 5% and 1% respectively. Operating margin was 10.5% and 80 basis point increase over last year. This improvement was largely driven by the benefits of productivity and leverage on organic growth. Bookings of $411 million were down 2%. This result reflects 5% organic growth offset by a 6% impact of a disposition and 1% from FX. Book-to-bill was 1.13, reflecting normal seasonality in the retail refrigeration market. Going to the overview on slide nine, let me cover some highlights. Corporate expense was $30 million and net interest expense was $32 million, both in line with our prior forecast. Our first quarter tax rate was 27.9% excluding this pretax benefit. Now moving to slide 10, which shows our full year guidance. As Bob mentioned, our 2016 revenue guidance has been lower to reflect the oil and gas markets. We now expect total revenue to decrease 2% to 5%. Within this estimate, organic revenue is expected to decline 5% to 8% a 4-point reduction from our prior forecast. We expect net acquisitions will add approximately 4% growth unchanged from our prior guidance. We now expect the impact of FX to be about 1% negative for the year. At the midpoint of our guidance adjusted segment margin is expected to be around 15%. Excluding restructuring costs and further adjusting for acquisition and purchase accounting, margin is expected to be around 16%. Our full year forecast for corporate expense, interest expense and the pre-discrete tax rate remains unchanged. Additionally, CapEx remains unchanged as does our full year free cash flow forecast. From a segment perspective, energy full year organic revenue forecast is now expected to decline 27% to 30%. We have also reduced fluids organic revenue forecast, which now expected to decline 2% to 5%. Engineered Systems and Refrigeration and Food Equipment is unchanged versus our prior guidance, net acquisitions remained at 4% growth. Turning to the bridge on slide 11. Let's start with 2015 adjusted EPS of $3.63. We now expect the year-over-year impact of restructuring cost to provide a $0.07 benefit, reflecting total 2016 restructuring cost of $40 million versus $55 million last year. Our revised forecast reflects $20 million or $0.09 EPS in incremental restructuring costs versus the prior forecast. Performance including changes in volume productivity, pricing and restructuring benefits will impact earnings $0.09 to $0.17. This is reduced from our previous forecast principally driven by the effect of lower volume. Increases in investment and compensation will impact earnings $0.19 to $0.22, reflecting roughly $0.07 of reduced spend. Acquisitions plus dispositions will be $0.16 to $0.17 accretive in total. This amount includes the operating earnings of acquisition plus dispositions and the related gain. The carryover benefit of prior year's share repurchases, the impact of interest corporate expense and the tax rate are all unchanged. Lastly, as I mentioned before, we had a discrete tax benefit of $0.05 in the quarter. In total, we expect 2016 EPS to be $3.51 to $3.66, down about $0.50 at the midpoint of our prior guidance excluding the gain on a disposition and discrete tax benefits. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob for some final thoughts.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As we begin the second quarter, markets remain mixed. Businesses with exposure to oil and gas continue to be impacted by historically weak markets. Engineered Systems is benefiting from solid industrial end markets, healthy printing and coding end markets and a continued growth in adoptions of digital printing and global textile activity. Refrigeration and Food Equipment is also quite resilient due in part to their leading retail refrigeration technologies that helps our customers capitalize on the growing trend of selling prepared and fresh food. Within fluids, although it's early, we are very excited about the customer response to our recent acquisitions. Within retail fueling customers are now asking us to provide our full scope of products. We are also seeing revenue synergies at our plastics and polymer customers with the addition of gain [ph] and reduction. We will continue to execute on initiatives to help drive growth and fund investments, namely, launching new products across the entire organization, expanding our business with new customers and new geographies, leveraging or Dover excellence program to continue to drive margin productivity and cash flow. And capitalizing on a scale for the establishment of shared service centers. In all, leveraging these growth opportunities and executing on our internal actions will help to mitigate mixed markets, drive productivity and redirect resources to pursue growth initiatives. We also expect to fully leverage the recovery in our oil and gas markets, when it comes. With that, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. And Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. Before we turn it back to Kristy, I just again like to remind you, if you can limit yourself to one question with one follow-up, that would be helpful. We have about 20 people in the question queue. So with that, Kristy, if you can give us our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question is coming from Steve Winoker of Bernstein.
Steven Winoker: Thanks, and good morning, guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Steven Winoker: Could you maybe just start talking about the pacing of the energy revenue, as we move through the year, given the order dynamics, how long it takes to work through and the energy margin progression as well?
Brad Cerepak: Okay, we’ll see, Steve I think in my script I commented on our sequential decline in the first quarter of 12% and that we are anticipating another sequential decline in the second quarter of about 10%. You look at the second half, the second half revenue is closely aligned with what we view as the run rate for the second quarter, and I would add one color comment on that. In the second half, we do have about 45 million of share gain revenue, sort of split evenly between the third and fourth quarter on wins that we’ve won and we have one at slide two, absent the share gain wins, the revenue in the second half would be modestly below the second quarter run rate. On margins for the year, margins are going to - I think, at the top end of our guide, margins are about 6% or 6.5%, all in, including restructuring. The restructuring activity is very heavily loaded in the first and second quarter. Second half sees the benefits from the restructuring activity and the absence of any new restructuring actions. And we do, our guide does show that we exit 2016 with an operating margin at energy, just about 10%.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And just to follow that up then, if conditions were not to get any worse at this point, Bob and Brad, at what point do you see - could you actually see the comps easing enough into next year that you’d actually be able to crossover in a positive territory?
Robert Livingston: Activity, if we were at the trough now and activity didn’t get any worst, but also assume that it doesn’t get any better than you could see the first quarter of 2017 having a revenue run rate slightly above first quarter 2016.
Steven Winoker: Okay. All right and while let me leave it there, given the number of questions. Thanks, guys.
Brad Cerepak: All right. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague: Good morning. Thank you, guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Morning. I was wondering if you could address price in oil and gas, and also in fluids, it does look like you’re expecting pretty good drop through on your restructuring actions, just kind of look at the footnotes of your bridge here, what are you anticipating for price erosion in that guide and in that payback?
Brad Cerepak: Okay. So your question specific to energy and then the follow-up was fluids?
Jeffrey Sprague: Yeah, I think I'm not sure you've got price pressure elsewhere, but I think that was the point.
Brad Cerepak: I would - for first quarter in energy, price was a negative 1% for the segment. Jeff, I would still tell you that in our guide, we still have a negative 2% to 3% price pressure for the year, but in the first quarter, it was 1%. The price pressure in fluids for the year is less than 1% or I'm going to say about 1%, I think it’s actually 0.9 to be specific. And then for the company as a whole, it's actually very, very slightly positive for the year.
Jeffrey Sprague: That is a shockingly okay price down the number.
Brad Cerepak: It's not that much different than what we experienced last year.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yeah. So, people are behaving despite the volume decline on price.
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Robert Livingston: Again, I would tell you that I gave you a number on energy segment and I would repeat myself what I said last year several times. You will get an individual product lines, you are going to see different stories. We still continue to see price pressure in our rods business that's very similar to what we saw last year, in fact last year I think price down on the rods business last year I think it was 9% or 10%, that's not going to be as bad this year. But we're still going to see price pressure on the rod business this year. And then our diamond insert business, I think for last year, Brad help me here 5%, 4% or 5%, 6% last year and we are expecting another price down in our insert business this year of 3% to 5%.
Jeffrey Sprague: So, you've got positive price elsewhere in energy, where we got the -
Robert Livingston: Bearings and compression.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. And then just a quick one to shift gears. How quickly do you think you can ramp up Tokheim's exposure in the U.S. and where you're at on sourcing OPW through Tokheim and some of that vertical integration we are looking at.
Robert Livingston: The first question about Tokheim in the U.S., I'm going to differ a story on that until we get together at our Technology Day and what was it Paul, early or mid-June? We're still early days on the integration, the onboarding of this business and I think we'll have a better answer for you in June that I could give you today. But the integration of OPW and especially on the retail components business, the integration of OPW in Tokheim is moving along smoothly and the pull-through of OPW, I call it especially the hanging hardware is progressing as we expected. It's pretty positive.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you.
Robert Livingston: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. My first question is just on the fluids guidance for the year on the revenue line. You talked in the presentation about the split between sort of solid industrial hygienic and pharma versus the oil and gas and energy stuff. In your full year organic guide now what do you - how do you split out the assumed revenue delta for each of those buckets in terms of oil and gas price -
Robert Livingston: I don't have that detail in front of me, Julian. But to give you a little bit of color, I did use the descriptive phrase solid to strong when I described industrial and hygienic and pharma. I would tell you that in the industrial part of the portfolio mid-single digit pipe of growth and the pharma and the hygienic more so in the pharma, it's - we're seeing double-digit growth in those verticals. And it's been both of those verticals have been areas we've focused on building our product portfolio over the last couple of years. But they are still relatively small. But I can't give you split for the year. I don't have that kind of detail with me.
Julian Mitchell: Sure. And then, if we just look at the Engineered Systems business and the Industrial Parts of Fluids, was there any change in sort of customer behavior in recent months since the beginning of the year. Would you say it's been fairly steady?
Robert Livingston: Well, within Engineered Systems, the comments would be slightly different between the printing and ID platform versus the industrial platform. I don't think there has been any changes in the industrial platform. In fact, my comment in the script was that we had good organic growth in our first quarter, in our industrial platform, and you know that I did not call out a single business or two. Like I have done in the past. The growth in the first quarter was very, very broad based in the industrial platform. Within the printing and ID platform, Markem-Imaje, I think organic growth was 3% or a little bit better 3% and 4% fairly solid, right on our expectations, interesting, the strong market was not just the U.S. I would call it the Americas. We had strong growth from Canada through Brazil, but the entire America scheme did a very good job for Markem-Imaje in the first quarter. Little bit lower growth in Europe, but it was still positive. China was a challenge. Now I'll answer your question about profile, I will tell you that and I think I shared this on a call or two last years with respect to both Europe and China. We continue to see a slowdown in a deferral and a longer sales cycle, both in Europe and China with respect to orders that are for what I would refer to as capital goods. If it's for operating type of expenditures that products that we're selling to our customers that activity seems to be holding up fairly well.
Julian Mitchell: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Yeah, just a couple of quick questions on segment margins before broader question. Just may be Brad or Bob fluid margins - okay. So fluid margins also impacted by Tokheim accounting this quarter. Can you maybe just size that for us? And also the gain on disposition, did that fall into the ES segments?
Robert Livingston: Okay, Brad can give you some detail, but I am going to enjoy giving you a quick response on the fluid margins, Nigel. If you strip out the acquisitions from out of the fluid segment that we completed in 2015 and then Tokheim in January of this year and just look at the core business. We actually had slight margin improvement year-over-year in the first quarter. I think maybe it was modest, but it was still an improvement, I think it was 30 or 40 basis points improvement in the core operating margin. But obviously the acquisitions are coming on board with lower margins than the core and then we have the purchase accounting on top of that. But Brad can probably give you additional color than that.
Brad Cerepak: Well, the only thing for the first quarter I would add that you know not having the numbers on top of my head right here. We had in the ES about, I don't know about 7 million or so restructuring cost, if I remember correctly. If I adjust for that restructuring cost and I adjust for then the deal, the margins, the margins and fluids would be about 17.5%. So, we can do the math on that and figure out what the delta is on with respect to the acquisitions.
Nigel Coe: Okay, that's -
Robert Livingston: Your other question was on the disposition?
Nigel Coe: Yeah, that - yes.
Robert Livingston: Yeah, that was within the industrial platform of the ES and I think the gain that we, I think we commented on this in the script. I think the gain was $10 million or $11 million.
Brad Cerepak: $11 million.
Robert Livingston: $11 million.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. And then just Bob, Energy have plus and minus 10% or more organic growth declines for six of the plus eight years and it looks like next couple of years you're going to have strong double-digit growth -
Robert Livingston: You mean six of the past eight years.
Nigel Coe: Past eight years, no eight years if you get back to 2009.
Robert Livingston: Yes, okay.
Nigel Coe: Yeah, so I mean, I understand the cycles up, cycles down, but given us the account - is that we have to live with and still remain the growth platform going forward or how you're thinking about energy as part of Dover going forward?
Robert Livingston: So, the question is around margins. Let me just - you'd have start you're going to look at it over a longer period of time looking back, you have to start by understanding the effective product mix and acquisitions on the segment margins and I am not just talking about purchase accounting and amortization. But the pure business profile of the acquisitions that we've made over the last four or five years, you go back to 2008, 2009, the two primary businesses within our energy platform as we’ve reported today would be our artificial lift business and our diamond insert business, both of which have margins then and up until 2000 - up until the last, you know, up until the last nine months have had margins higher than the businesses that we’ve been acquiring. So the mix has changed rather significantly, it’s rather difficult to compare the business - the business margin profile of even prior to the downturn even in 2014 to the business profile we had in 2008. And if you wonder have Paul walk that through you on the call later then he'll be glad to do that.
Nigel Coe: Yeah. Okay. Thanks a lot. There was no really margins is more typicality of the business, but I’ll follow up offline. Thanks Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan of UBS.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Good morning, guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Hey, it’s a follow-up may be a little bit on Nigel's fluid margins question, if we just think about kind of the margins from here in fluids versus the first quarter run rate, I mean, is all of that acquisition impact, is that just normal like ongoing acquisition accounting or was there any stuff that hit more in 1Q that's going to ease through the year or should we - or this kind of a good all-in one run rate, if we just adjust for the restructuring?
Robert Livingston: No, I would say that there is, the answer is typical, there were three acquisitions, we have quite a bit of impact related to inventory turnover in the first quarter that doesn’t continue beyond that, but you do get the normal amortization of the goodwill in the intent, actually the intangibles. So the inventory piece, you know, I would say the first quarter is being impacted by roughly $6 million or $7 millions of inventory, and that doesn’t repeat itself into the second or third, fourth quarters. And then if you think about margins as well on restructuring, we said restructuring was going to be $40 million. If you think about how that’s going to get spend, we had $14 million or so in the first quarter, I would expect by the time we finish the second quarter we'll be about $35 million or so about $40 million spend. So, again as I start to look at first half and second half even for the company, you know, the first half, second half is not traditional what I would say is the split between first half and second half at $48 million to $52 million which it’s showing up in guide rate now was about 43% ,47%, $57 million, but if you adjust for these one-offs that you’re asking about and restructuring and then relook at it at that level, it has closer to 45%, 46% first half.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. That helps. And then just on, Bob your comment on sort of energy being positioned to fully leverage any ventral recovery, price hasn't actually seen that as bad as Jeff was saying earlier, headcounts now down 32% and we’re going to be, hopefully exiting the year around of 10% run rate, so what is that mean, in terms of fully leveraging a recovery, I mean, in a positive scenario, I mean, where do you really think you can get this energy business back to margin wise?
Robert Livingston: Again it’s - you tell me what - if I knew what the volume was going to be next year Shannon, I can tell you - I could give you pretty good guess what the margins were going to be, it is very volume sensitive. We commented on the margins that we don’t - the EBITDA numbers are obviously in our filings, but even as we look at our energy segment as - if we close - if we exit the fourth quarter with a 10% operating margin run rate, Shannon, our EBITDA on that business is about 20% in the fourth quarter. And what we have tried to protect very diligently and I commented on the script as well, is our engineering capability and our ability to respond pretty quickly. So when I say we can take advantage of the recovery and leverage the recovery well, when it does come, part of its around our response capability, but we have taken enough fixed cost out of this business in 2015 and 2016, that the incrementals on our volume increase are going to be rather impressive.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And as a reminder, we do ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. And your next question is coming from Steve Tusa of JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Robert Livingston: Hi, Steve. Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Just I guess a lot of numbers floating around here. For the second quarter, you guys I think you've reached - the numbers have changed a bit, but last year I think it was up EPS wise 30% to 35% from first quarter to second quarter. I'm not even sure what number we're using like let's just use I guess the $0.52 number or maybe like $0.55 to $0.60 number. Because there was a lot of moving parts here. But is second quarter going to be better sequentially than last year or because of the energy dynamics, although small impact now or worse than it was last year seasonally. What's kind of a seasonal color, when you kind of mix this all in for the second quarter?
Brad Cerepak: Well, okay. I understand the question. I haven't done that calculation Steve.
Steve Tusa: Well, I hate to say it's just a question that if you have a view on, if you know what the second quarter is, what is that roughly year-over-year versus the first quarter that’s kind of the baseline question.
Brad Cerepak: I actually don't have the detail in front of me, Steve. I'm taking the guess to even try to answer that.
Paul Goldberg: Yeah Steve, it's Paul. I would just say that the three segments, Engineered Systems, Fluid and Refrigeration and Food Equipment are clearly are going to be improved sequentially second quarter over first quarter. Bob said energy is going to be down 10% sequentially. So the EPS in the second quarter is going to be substantially above, where we are in the first quarter, but we don't give second quarter guidance.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And I guess you guys talked about the energy margin. I assume the energy margin given the revenue decline and as you talked mostly about the back half waiting of, I mean as restructuring coming through et cetera. I assume the energy margins is going to be down in the second quarter.
Robert Livingston: We'll actually all in. I'm not sure that's true Steve. All in the first quarter including I say all in including restructuring charges, I think margins were 4%, 4.1% something like that. We actually do start to get some benefits in the second quarter.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Robert Livingston: So from those restructuring activities that we're for the most part absent in the first quarter. Because Steve most of the restructuring we took in energy and the first quarter occurred in March.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one last question just on the --.
Robert Livingston: I actually expect margins in the second quarter and energy to be a bit better than the first. We actually took out 366 ads in the first quarter in energy. And most of them - in March.
Brad Cerepak: So you will see that impact into the second quarter.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then in energy just a follow-up to Nigel's question. I think what he was trying to get at was not necessarily the margin, but just the cyclicality of the business. Is there any part of that business may be drilling perhaps that's going to be little more challenged over the next couple of years? Any parts of those businesses that are up for strategic review and potential divestiture. Obviously you're not going to do the whole segment but are there any parts of that drilling specifically that you'd evaluate as being strategic or non-strategic for the longer-term?
Robert Livingston: Good question. And it's something we look at. We something we look at every year not just on energy. But beyond that I'm not going to comment.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from Andrew Kaplowitz of Citi Group.
Andy Kaplowitz: Hey, good morning, guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning. So I'm trying to reconcile the EPS of sets of acquisition in 2016. You have $0.16 to $0.17 for the year. You've talked about this little bit in your prepared remarks, but you have $0.18 last quarter. But your numbers now include the $0.07 gain from the disposition. And then of course it also includes the earnings from the disposition of the loss of earnings. So can you talk about how are your acquisitions trending? I know it's early but are they lower than you thought in terms of EPS contribution or the same or maybe a little more color there.
Robert Livingston: Sure. So you're right. And then last forecast we had a roughly $0.18 from acquisition accretion. Where we're stand today in our forecast, we're at $0.19. So roughly it's the same number let's say at that way. So they're trending fine, some are little bit better. Yeah one's up a penny one, there is no big changes, pretty consistent from our last forecast and the way you reconcile it, you get - you take out the gain that to your point and you add and you also have to, you add back the gain and then you subtract out the lost revenue and earnings of the disposition and that’s about $0.09 or so.
Andy Kaplowitz: Okay. That’s helpful. And Bob maybe I can ask you specifically about the fluid transfer business if I look at that business it did turn down a little bit you mentioned oil and gas you mentioned lower CapEx spending you didn’t specifically talk about OPW that seems fine, but maybe just a little more color on that business, what turned down in that business?
Robert Livingston: So, the OPW first quarter was lighter than we expected and in the first quarter, the softness was almost all, not entirely, but almost all in the retail area. Activity in Canada, our retail fueling was significantly below expectations and even our experience from last year thus the comp part of the reason why I have to comment on the integrated energy companies at least, those are some of our customers in Canada, but we also saw some project timing for shales from the first quarter to second and third from some U.S. retail customers who are pushing out some rebuild projects.
Andy Kaplowitz: So, Bob how do we look at OPW for the rest of the year then how do you look at it?
Robert Livingston: I would say for the rest of the year, our expectation is it’s going to be less of a call it a negative year-over-year comp in the second quarter and we’re actually feeling fairly positive about by the second half of the year.
Andy Kaplowitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Dean Dray of RBC.
Deane Dray: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Hey Bob, hope you give us some color on the - in refrigeration those retail wins you had in the quarter and how does that compare to any sort of seasonal expectations?
Robert Livingston: Are you asking it for the customer names, I'm not going to do that, Dean?
Deane Dray: I did not ask for customer names but just some color as to what kind of customers or what kind of products?
Robert Livingston: For those of you who recall that my comments in the first half of last year on refrigeration what we’re seeing in the fourth quarter and the first quarter was actually what we were expecting to see in the second quarter of last year, it just took us longer to get to this point. As you know, we did take a significant drop down and the step down in the Walmart business and the efforts by the leadership team and the sales organization in Phoenix has been outstanding over the past year to deal with the shortfall and they are covering it. They’re covering it Dean, they’ve done a really good job. In fact I would say that the organic growth for the segment in the first quarter just slightly above 3% was actually about a point better than we expected coming into the year and all of that upside was that of our refrigeration business, primarily, but not all, primarily Phoenix and we feel very, very good with the factory load we have right now for the seasonally strong second quarter and the teams are working pretty feverishly and making sure that we can make that same comment as we entered the third quarter. We actually feel pretty positive right now about the seasonal load that we’re looking at here in the second and third quarter.
Deane Dray: And just to clarify so on that filling the Walmart hole, these wins you had they were new customers and that would be considered part of that initiative that you talked about last year about --?
Robert Livingston: No the customers Dean, there’s a handful of new customers in there a single handful, but some of it is just winning larger share.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just a clarification on -
Robert Livingston: I would like to cover a point here Walmart activity is still not where we would expect it to be even in the remodel activity, the first few weeks of the year were actually pretty modest compared to our expectations. March was sort of back on track. But this is a bit of a different year for Walmart. With respect to communication to at least us and to other suppliers that we're aware of is that they have not announced to their supply base a detailed roll out of remodel activity for 2016, it's sort of being done in month or two at a time.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just…
Robert Livingston: For the year.
Deane Dray: Just to clarify on the incremental restructuring that you've announced today. What's the implied payback and you called out the shared service centers a couple times, is that a permanent change and how does that contribute on the cost equation?
Robert Livingston: I'm going to have the Brad on the payback.
Brad Cerepak: On the restructuring. So let's just cover that for a moment. We said incremental 20 million for total of 40 million. So if you think about what we had in terms of benefits in our last forecast where we are today. The benefits on the 20 million incremental spend is up 50 million. I know that sounds like a big number. But in that 50 million I would say 50% of that is right sizing manufacturing so that hourly work variable cost and the other 50% is attribute to structural type of cost take out and so that's what we have in our forecast. So again some of the you'll see the foot note on one of the charts that 100 million now and the aggregate includes we include all in when we say the headcounts are down 366 heads that's also manufacturing and management and overhead type layers as well.
Deane Dray: And the shared services prior the structural change?
Brad Cerepak: Well, yes or no, I mean it's not part of a restructuring activity per se. But it surely is a structural change that we are pursuing here at Dover. We've been running pilot programs where two full years now and this year we sort of announced here internally a couple of months ago the role out of the shared service approach around Dover and it's more than just back office. It encompasses from activity around HR some like activity around finance and accounting. But it's more than just accounts payable and accounts receivable it's much more expensive. And I think actually by the time we get the year end 2016 we'll probably we'll have one segment pretty much fully transition to shared service approach and the other 3 perhaps 30 to 50% transitioned to the shared service platform. We are not - in our guide there has actually no benefits, not net benefits in our guide this year from the shared service roll out. We've got some spending and some investment that we are making this year, we are seeing some benefits. But that's not going to be a net benefit. We'll actually start to see the net benefits of this program in the 2017 and 2018.
Deane Dray: Thank you.
Robert Livingston: Great.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is coming from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys and thanks for fitting me in.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph Ritchie: Maybe just on that payback question, I think the genesis of the question is a fact that when you take a look at your payback and what you are spending from a restructuring standpoint it looks pretty like really good payback relative to what other industrial companies are seeing. I guess maybe the question is one what gives you the confidence that you can get that payback and then secondly are there any obstacles that you see as you are rolling out your restructuring programs that would potentially inhibit you from saying that same type of benefit.
Robert Livingston: Okay. So first-of-all all restructuring activity is not the same. The bulk of not all, but the bulk of the restructuring activity we’ve had and energy both last year 2015 as well as the first half of this year has been people related and my goodness Brad, can I say almost a 100% domestic, maybe almost a 100% North America for sure. And Joe the payback on that is pretty high pretty quick. When you peel off the labor restructuring, the workforce restructuring you look at some of the fixed cost or facility consolidations we did last year and are doing again this year. In a waiting perspective they are pretty minor compared to the benefits we are getting from the workforce reduction and the payback is longer probably more in line with what you are referring to here when you look at the facility consolidations that we have done. But again, most of the work force reduction last year and this year has been North America.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. So I guess the confidence in set in other way your confidence is pretty high - there, okay. And then may be one follow-on question…
Robert Livingston: May be I will get you a very discrete example Brad mentioned that in Energy in the first quarter workforce was reduced by 366 they are either here or not and when they are not I mean the benefits I mean it is a pretty high comfort on that.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay, fair enough. And then I guess, I guess the follow-on question there is really since may be focused on Energy for a second. I remember several quarters ago we talked about additional restructuring actions potentially impacting your service levels and yet you know we have seen that there is no restructuring and actions that are needed to be taken on the Energy side of your business. I guess, I am curious, how are you managing that piece of your business and make sure that service levels are interrupted and when we do see recovering?
Robert Livingston: So like I commented both on the script and in earlier response, we have as good of a job as we can be holding our engineering capability. In fact, I would say at last year in 2015 we actually added resources in engineering. The 2016 we have tweet a bit around the edges on our service response but we have done it, in a way that we know we have got flexibility to move resources around to handle customer demands today, tomorrow and hopefully here whether it is the second half of this year and next year when you start to see a little bit of the recovery. But we have tried very diligently to protect our response time even though we have then sort of trending at the margins. To that point Joe, I am going to tell you, I do not see a lot more flexibility in the second-half of his year or even going in the next year about restructuring activity at Energy that is in line with what we have done in the second-half of last year or in the first quarter or the second quarter of this year. If there's further revenue declines I think we can always find opportunities at the margin but I am not just being very upfront, I do not see the opportunity to take another $30 million of cost out of Energy in the second-half of this year even if we see a little bit of decline in revenue.
Joseph Ritchie: Hey, that's helpful. Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you very much. We just like to thank everybody for their continued interest in Dover. And we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's first quarter 2016 Dover Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg - Vice President of Investor Relations Robert Livingston - President & Chief Executive Officer Brad Cerepak - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Andrew Obin - Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Steven Winoker - Bernstein Scott Davis - Barclays Steve Tusa - JP Morgan Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Andy Kaplowitz - Citi Group Johnny Wright - Nomura
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2015 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Kristy. Good morning and welcome to Dover's fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's fourth quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our 2016 outlook. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 9, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1-800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 22028065. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our fourth quarter and full year results continue to be impacted by tough market conditions especially in oil and gas. We delivered fourth quarter adjusted EPS $0.81 in this driven by solid execution and some year-end tax benefits as our teams continued to pursue customer wins, cost actions and productivity initiatives. In 2015, we increased our efforts around operating efficiencies through our Dover Excellence program. One key element of this program focuses on free cash flow generation which increased to 795 million for the year. The program also supports our ongoing investment and product innovation and customer activities. Additionally during the year we took multiple steps to resize our businesses to reflect difficult market conditions, especially in our Energy segment. These initiatives will remain of focus in 2016. Further we closed on four acquisitions since our last call. These businesses would generate well over $0.5 billion in revenue 2016 and significantly complement and expand our market positions. Now, let me share some comments on the quarter. From a geographic perspective, excluding our energy exposure in tough comps and retail refrigeration markets, our U.S. industrial activity remained solid and grew more than 4% year-over-year. On a sequential basis China markets improved and European activity was largely flat. Both regions were down versus the prior year. In Energy markets were even tougher as we moved through the quarter and into the New Year. Given that as a backdrop our teams focused on actions to drive sales and remained resolute in implementing cost reductions. Our aggressive cost actions have reduced the impact of volume declines as reflected by decremental margins in the low 30s. On the revenue side, we estimate we’ve generated 5% growth from new business, much of it driven by new product introductions and continuing strong service levels. In 2016, we will strategically look to win new business with a strong focus on customer service and of course continue to look for opportunities to reduce our cost structure. Engineered Systems had a solid quarter with 4% organic growth. Within Printing & Identification, our digital textile printing results were strong, driven by a significant increase in order activity. We also posted good results in our core marking and coding business. In the industrial platform modest organic growth was led by strong results in our environmental solutions business. Fluids once again posted strong margin, despite revenue being impacted by oil and gas exposure, reduced year-end capital spending and tough comps offer a very strong fourth quarter of last year. The solid execution resulted in segment margin exceeding 19%, excluding the impact of recently completed acquisitions. Within our Refrigeration & Food Equipment segment, revenue and earnings performance was as expected. Importantly, we now see the benefits of our customer expansion efforts reflected by new wins in retail refrigeration. Our retail refrigeration orders were up 20% over last year, setting us up for an improved start in 2016. As we’ve discussed, we were able to close as we ended the year. Integration activities are well under way and our customers are excited about the broader product sets we now offer. Early results are quite positive. Regarding the acquisition pipeline, we’ve continued to look for businesses that expand and enhance our positions in our key markets and will remain diligent and disciplined on valuations. Now looking to 2016, we expect Engineered Systems, Fluids and Refrigeration & Food Equipment to all grow revenue this year. Within Energy we’ve remained cautious. We have reduced our full year revenue forecast to reflect weaker U.S. market conditions providing some offset we now have better line up side on incremental new business. Our aggressive pursue of additional business expanding our international presence and strong focus on cost is ongoing. We expect to make further progress on these initiatives in 2016. In Engineered Systems, we anticipate solid organic growth led by the leading technology and new products offered across the segment. Specifically, we expect the marking and coding markets to be solid and our digital textile businesses to have double digit growth. Within our industrial platform, modest organic growth will be led by strong performance in environmental solutions and vehicle services. This performance will be complemented by our continued focus on cost and productivity. Fluids will grow driven by the recent acquisitions. We also anticipate continued strong core margin performance on the benefits of ongoing productivity projects. In addition, a well-executed integration of our recent acquisitions will provide a path to future revenue and margin improvement and enhanced customer service through skill and efficiencies. Finally, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment we expect much improved revenue and earnings in 2016, leveraging our leading technology and merchandizing solutions. Retail refrigeration should lead the improvement. We also expect solid performance in our Food Equipment markets. In summary, we are reaffirming our EPS guidance. With that let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Bob. Good morning everyone. Let’s start on Slide 3 of our presentation deck. Today we’ve reported fourth quarter revenue of 1.7 billion, a decrease of 14%. This result was comprised of an organic revenue decline of 12%, growth from acquisitions of 2% and an FX impact of 4%. Adjusted EPS was $0.81and above our implied Q4 forecast. The performance improvement consists of $0.01 higher segment income and $0.05 on the tax line. Segment margin for the quarter was 13.3%, 150 basis points below last year. Adjusting for fourth quarter restructuring of 16.5 million, margin was 14.3%. Restructuring activities were broad based with a continued focus on Energy. Bookings decreased 13% to 1.6 billion, largely reflecting significantly lower oil and gas markets and soft macro conditions. Overall book-to-bill finished at 0.96. Our backlog decreased 16% to 1 billion. Free cash flow was once again solid at 274 million for the quarter 16% of revenue. We are beginning to see the results of our Dover Excellence program reflected in cash flow performance. For the full year we generated 795 million of free cash flow, representing over 11% of revenue, a full point higher than last year. Now turning to Slide 4, Engineered Systems had solid organic growth of 4%, reflecting strong growth in our Printing & Identification and environmental solutions markets. Fluids decline of 6% was driven by weak oil and gas markets and generally softer market conditions. Refrigeration & Food Equipments organic revenue declined 6% primarily on reduced volume from a key retail refrigeration customer. Energy organic revenue was down 40% on significant declines in North American oil and gas markets. As seen on the chart, acquisition growth in the quarter was 2% while FX had a negative 4% impact. Turning to Slide 5 and our sequential results, revenue decreased 5% from the third quarter, largely reflecting normal seasonality in our retail refrigeration markets and a continued step down in Energy markets. Engineered Systems and Fluids were modestly up. Sequential bookings decreased 5%, principally driven by the impact of oil and gas markets and normal seasonality in retail refrigeration. Strong growth in Engineered Systems resulted from solid Printing & Identification markets and robust environmental solutions orders. Now on Slide 6, Energy revenue of 323 million decreased 41% driving earnings down to 31 million. Energy results continued to be impacted by steep declines in oil and gas markets. However, we continue to see targeted customer wins in the Middle East and North America. Energy absorbed an additional 4 million in restructuring cost in the fourth quarter and has incurred 31 million in cost for the full year. Excluding the Q4 restructuring cost, our operating margin was 10.8%, reflecting volume and price declines partially offset by the benefits of productivity and previously completed restructuring. We expect the carry over benefits of these and other cost actions to be approximately 40 million in 2016. Booking through 316 million in book-to-bill was 0.98. Now on Slide 7, Engineered Systems revenue of 597 million increased 1% overall, reflecting organic growth of 4% and acquisition growth of 3%, partially offset by an FX impact of 6%. Earnings of 89 million decreased 4%, principally reflecting the impact of acquisitions in the quarter. Our Printing & Identification platform revenue was 256 million, increasing 3%. Organic revenue was up 8%, reflecting strong digital textile markets and solid North American marking and coding activity. Acquisitions had 6% growth while FX had 11% impact. In the industrial platform, overall revenue declined1% to 342 million, where organic growth of 1% was offset by FX of 2%. Organic growth was once again led by environmental solutions. We incurred 5 million in restructuring cost in the quarter for actions that will further improve our cost structure. Excluding the Q4 restructuring cost, margins were 15.7%, reflecting the benefits of prior cost actions partially offset by business mix. Bookings were 608 million, a decrease of 2%, reflecting organic bookings growth of 1% and acquisition growth of 2%, offset by 5% impact from FX. Organically Printing & Identification bookings were up 6% and industrial bookings decreased 3%. Book-to-bill for Printing & Identification was 0.98, while industrials was 1.05, overall book-to-bill was 1.02. Turning to Slide 8, Fluids revenue decreased 6% to 356 million and earnings decreased 1% to 62 million. Revenue performance reflects 6% decline in organic revenue, whereby the impact of acquisitions and FX largely offset each other. Our Fluids transfer businesses remained solid and were up slightly organically. While our pumps results reflect the impact of weak oil and gas markets and the timing of large project shipments. The impact of acquisitions reduced margins roughly 170 basis points in the quarter resulting in margin of 17.6%. Excluding acquisitions and related purchase having a deal cost, margin was 19.3% reflecting continued strong execution. Bookings were 321 million, a decrease of 7% overall or 6% organically. This result primarily reflects slower year-end CapEx activity and the impact of oil and gas exposure in our pumps markets. Book-to-bill was 0.90. Now let’s turn to Slide 9, Refrigeration and Food Equipments revenue of 419 million declined 9% from the prior year and earnings were 43 million. As expected, revenue continued to be impacted by reduced volume from a key retail refrigeration customer. Our glass door business remained solid and our can-shaping business was improved. Operating margin was 10.2%, adjusting for 6 million in restructuring cost for the quarter margin was 11.7%, down 50 basis points from ingested prior year reflecting lower volume, partially offset by productivity improvements. Bookings were 380 million, an increase of 3%, reflecting significant improvements in order activity. Book-to-bill was 0.91, a large improvement over last year. This strong bookings activity sets us up well as we begin 2016. Now going to the overview Slide number 10, let me cover some highlights. Corporate expense was 25 million, down 5 million, reflecting ongoing cost management initiatives. Our fourth quarter tax rate was 25%, excluding discreet tax benefits. This rate was lower than our last estimate principally reflecting passage of the Tax Relief Extension Act, as of now [ph] our full year normalized tax rate was 27.8%. Moving on to Slide 11, which shows our full year guidance. Our 2016 revenue guidance has been modestly lowered from our recent Investor Day. We now expect revenue to increase 1% to 4%, within this estimate organic revenue is expected to be down in the range of 1% to 4%, one point reduction from our prior forecast due to oil and gas markets. We expect completed acquisitions will add approximately 7% growth, while the impact of FX is expected to be about 2%. This is unchanged from our prior guidance. As a reminder, at the mid-point of our guidance, adjusted segment margin is expected to be around 16.5% excluding the impact of recent acquisitions. Our full year corporate expense and interest expense forecast remains unchanged. We now expect the full year tax rate to be approximately 28%, one point lower than our last guide, reflecting the Tax Relief Extension Act and the impact of recent acquisitions. CapEx remains unchanged as does our full year free cash flow forecast. From a segment perspective, Energy’s full year organic revenue forecast is now expected to decline 11% to 14%, a three point reduction from our prior forecast. The expected full impact from declines in oil and gas markets is partially offset by incremental new business not in our prior forecast. All other segments were unchanged versus our prior guidance. Turning to 2016 bridge now on Slide 12, let’s start with 2015 adjusted EPS of $3.55 around $0.07 higher than forecasted at our Investor Day, reflecting slightly better Q4 performance and an improved tax rate. We expect the year-over-year impact of restructuring cost to provide $0.15 to $0.17 benefit. Performance including changes in volume, productivity, pricing and restructuring benefits will add $0.26 to $0.40 to earnings, modestly lower than our previous forecast. Within this estimate our restructuring benefits of $023 to $0.24. Increases in investment and compensation will impact earnings $0.26 to $0.28. Acquisitions already completely including Toucan will be about $0.18 accretive. The carry over benefit of shares already purchased will be approximately $0.08. Interest, corporate and the tax rate will impact earnings about $0.08, reflecting a minor improvement over our last forecast. In total we expect 2016 EPS to be $3.85 to $4.05. This estimate is unchanged from our prior forecast. With that I’ll turn the call back over to Bob for some final thoughts.
Robert Livingston: Thanks Brad. Markets are mixed as we enter 2016. Our businesses with exposure to oil and gas will once again face challenges, whereas Engineered Systems and Refrigeration & Food Equipment should grow organically. Within this environment we will remain focused on new product launches and innovation across the entire organization, expanding our business with new customers and in new geographies, capitalizing on our customer wins mindset by becoming an even more important partner with our customers and leveraging our Dover Excellence program to continue to drive margin, productivity and cash flow. The combination of these actions is expected to provide incremental revenue of 2 points in 2016 and increase core margin 20 to 40 basis points. The bulk of this incremental revenue is sales from new product introductions. Our plan for EPS growth and strong free cash flow in 2016 is supported by three significant activities that have already been implemented. They are the completion of several acquisitions that will deliver meaningful accretion. 2015 restructuring actions that will provide significant benefits this year and completed share repurchase activity that will deliver $0.08. We expect oil and gas markets to remain uncertain in 2016 and we are poised to take further cost actions beyond what is currently forecasted if necessary. With that I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for staying focused on our customers. Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, before we take questions I’d just like to remind you, if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow up. We have several people in queue, so the more questions we have the less people we can talk to. With that Kristine, let’s have the first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Livingston: Hey Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey, Bob I was hoping you could expand on Energy where you said that there was some new business that you had won, maybe kind of expand there, what products, what regions? And you also mentioned international expansion.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Good morning, Bob.
Robert Livingston: Sure, I’d like to - look I think I have shared this comment on at least one call if not a couple of calls last year that as we work through this down cycle in the Energy business, we have continued to work on new product, new product launches and targeting specific customers that we thought we should an initial business position with or even a larger business position with. And in 2015, I think in the second half of the year, we estimated that we had about 5% of our revenue in the second half of Energy with relabeled as new wins. As we provided guidance and initial guidance at the December meeting, we knew we were going to keep the business that we had won in 2015, but we were not including in our guidance any anticipated new business in 2016 unless we actually had a contract or knew we had won the business. And since then we have won some business, we’ve got contracts. Some of the business will actually have modest shipments on here in the first quarter and it’s across the segment, specifically within the upstream markets, we continue to win new business with our PDC intro [ph], but it is most noticeable within our artificial lift business. But I would be remissive if I didn’t throw or call that out [ph] to the guys and our Bearings & Compression business, they’ve also been pretty active and have been successful in this endower as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie: Thanks, good morning guys.
Robert Livingston: Hi Joe.
Joseph Ritchie: Just a quick question on oil and gas, there’s a lot of outcomes and uncertainty as it relates to oil and gas over the next three years. I’m just trying to get a sense on how you’re thinking about [indiscernible] business is set up today if we go to cash cost or if we get an uptick in oil and gas and really just where is your mindset there today?
Robert Livingston: Well, I guess to begin that answer Joe; I’ll revert back to the answer I just provide Deane. We have been very active in taking cost out in 2015 and you’ll see us continue to do that in 2016. But at some point in time we will see a change in this market and we are still convinced that our superior - what we believe are our superior service levels and the continuing investment we’re making in product development are the right things to do to be prepared for an upturn when that occurs. Our assumptions in 2016 guide, we are seeing our plan in the first quarter, maybe even in the first four months of year reflect the current pricing of oil in today’s environment, let’s call it roughly $30. Our plan does assume that the price recovers a bit in the second half of the year. Our plan is based on $40 oil price in the second half of the year.
Joseph Ritchie: That’s helpful Bob and maybe my one follow up is really around margins and Brad perhaps for you, within the 16.5 guidance for total portfolio what is the Energy number and how do you think about them the trajectory of Energy margins if and when do you get an uptick in oil.
Brad Cerepak: Okay, sure, so the 16.5 at the midpoint, that’s an adjusted number, just to reiterate that. That’s excluding acquisition related activity but with respect to our segment, the core margin expansion is really coming from the other three segments. We see Energy year-over-year adjusted to adjust down into 2016 and I would say roughly, we would say the margin expectation in Energy is around 12% to 13% for 2016. I would say the way we see the year on Energy, reiterating what Bob said is that obviously year-over-year in the first quarter energy is going to be down significantly. I would say we should be thinking about energy more like the fourth quarter moving into the first quarter, sequentially being pretty much the same and as it relates to the rest of the year than as we see in our forecast some recovery in the average price per barrel of oil, is modest. We would see some further improvement throughout the year. As it relates to the other segments, year over year core margin expansions so the first quarter and into the year will look a lot like the sequence what we have seen in 2015, that is the way we think about it.
Joseph Ritchie: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Obin with Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin: Good morning, guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just a question on pretty good industrial performance Printing and ID could you get us some color because it seems you guys did quite a bit better than Danaher reported this morning.
Brad Cerepak: Well, we had - as I reported we had a very strong fourth-quarter at Markem-Imaje organic growth for Markem-Imaje in the quarter was 4%. We actually ended up for the entire second half at 4%, we ended up at 5% organic for the full-year, but on top of that we had a very strong performance from MS, our textile printing business. And interestingly enough we didn’t get any contribution for our higher margin accusation JK in the fourth quarter because of our AD&A charges, but we were quite pleased with the performance of the printing and ID platform in the fourth quarter. I would add to that North America was strong for us in the fourth quarter.
Andrew Obin: And could you just point to specific areas of strength that you were seeing as I said because I think the buy side and sell side are still gloomy in North American industrial and you guys are doing so well.
Brad Cerepak: Well, if you look at the three regions North America, Europe and Asia, I’m doing this little bit from memory here, but I think North America was our strongest business and for Markem-Imaje in the fourth quarter perhaps followed by Europe and trailed by Asia.
Andrew Obin: And if I may on other industrial business what trends are you seeing, are you seeing any destocking towards the end of the quarter, once again very strong performance.
Brad Cerepak: No, actually we were quite pleased with the performance from Engineered Systems in the quarter both platforms, both printing and ID as well as our industrial platform and did not see any evidence at all of destocking.
Andrew Obin: Well congratulations, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you, good morning Jim [ph].
Robert Livingston: Good morning.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, good morning, just before my question, one point of clarification, about what Brad said about Energy in Q1 are the comment about similar to Q4 was that similar rate of year-over-year decline organically or similar revenue levels versus Q4.
Robert Livingston: No, actually I would tell you that if you look at the first quarter for Dover, if you go back and look at the first quarter of last year and the results will be quite similar and the other three segments excluding Energy, the real change you are going to change in the - yeah, in aggregate, the real change you are going to see in the first quarter is simply the year-over-year decline in Energy. Jeff as you remember the first quarter of last year was still a pretty strong quarter, I would love to return to that level this year, but the first quarter for Energy last year was pretty strong and almost all of the first quarter of ‘16 down from first quarter of ‘15 is attributable to the decline in energy.
Jeff Sprague: Right I was trying to get at whether or not regarding with an organic…
Robert Livingston: On revenue actually, okay if you want to look at it sequentially I think our revenue guide for energy is probably down very, very slightly, maybe $10 million sequentially from the fourth quarter.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, thank you.
Robert Livingston: Our earnings are flat in Energy fourth quarter to first.
Jeff Sprague: That’s very helpful. Hey can you just talk about the Fluids for a moment, book to bill it is a little bit disconcerting, you mentioned timing, but is the timing around oil and gas related jobs that maybe could continue to be a timing issue if you get my interest and just …
Robert Livingston: Yeah, actually that was probably one area in Fluids that what was a bit of a concern in the fourth quarter, Jeff, the - we do continue to see the impact of our oil and gas exposure, especially in our pumps business and I am refereeing to the upstream oil and gas activity and that was down a little bit more than we had anticipated in the fourth quarter. We see that continuing in ‘16, in fact, I would tell you we have been overall I believe sitting here today we are being cautious with respect to fluids and our guide for 2016 because of that, it is just much more difficult to forecast accurately our activity through our distributors and the upstream oil and gas market and some of the other I call them second-order connect markets then it is with actively direct with OEMs. But on top of that, we did see an absence where I would call normal CapEx spending that you see in the fourth quarter, what I called year-end capital budget flush outs and there was a little bit different profile in the fourth quarter and I think we’re being appropriately cautious with our Fluids guide for 2016.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Nigel
Nigel Coe: Just wanted to go back to I think the comment that’s you made on regarding Energy the sequential but looks at the last year I think that was the comment and I am just wondering does that includes Tokheim because that is up the - is very material acquisition.
Robert Livingston: No, I’m really referring to earnings Nigel not the top line, obviously in the first quarter we will have the top line performance from Tokheim, but I don’t have the detector but I don’t think we are expecting any contribution or earnings from Tokheim in the first quarter just because we have the normal, well I call it front end of purchase accounting on the Tokheim acquisition. Also don’t lose sight of the fact that as we enter 2016, we don’t drop it to disc ops because that rule was changed but we try to show this details to you on the attached slides that we didn’t disclose a significant business, a $100 million business walk-in covers in the fourth quarter obviously that is not in the numbers in 2016 and we have another pending divestiture that should close here so in the next few weeks that is about a hundred million dollar a year in revenue that is not an guide.
Nigel Coe: Okay, that is helpful Bob. I’m just taking a step back and I guess this repeat into the portfolio, the discussion you just made. How do you think about capital allocation here this year because it seems like it’s a good - better environment to be a buyer yet obviously the macro situations are little bit less visible, so is there a bias towards spending more or maybe conserving capital here, how do you think about that Bob?
Robert Livingston: Well, I always start first with the comment that my preference is to build the business and through capital allocation and will make the acquisitions that are right to help us build bigger businesses and better businesses within Dover. And my second comment is guess we don’t always control the timing of the opportunities. In fact if I remind people here it is rare for us to control the time and we get to say yes or no. I am a little cautious right now with respect to valuations because I think the sort of the down draft on public company valuations is not very well reflected in the - I would call it in private companies that maybe for sale. So we are being a bit cautious here with our outlook here over the next three or four months and then of course that brings up the question of share repurchases. And look, all I can tell you is look at our history we have been quite balanced between M&A and share repurchases over the last three or four years. You should expect us to be as discipline and balance over the next two or three as we have been over the last two or three, but we’re not announcing a share repurchase activity today perhaps more on that over the next two or three months.
Nigel Coe: Okay, very clear, thanks, Bob.
Operator: Again, ladies and gentlemen please limit yourself to one question and one to follow up. Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, thank you.
Robert Livingston: Good morning Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning, just a question on Refrigeration and Food Equipment, adjusted sales were down 7% in Q4, but your bookings in Hillphoenix were very good. So, when you’re thinking about the sale…
Robert Livingston: Thank you, I thought they were as well.
Julian Mitchell: Right, when you’re thinking about the sales base turning around, you are guiding up to 2 to 4 adjusted sales growth for 2016. Do we see those bookings speed into the revenues early in the year in Q1 or that is more of a second half feedings into revenue?
Robert Livingston: Well, no you will see the bulk of those bookings have the revenue impact in Q1 but not all. I mean we do have a different order profile with some of our customers than we did with the Wal-Mart and I think we are well loaded with respect to - our factories are well loaded in their first quarter with respect to our forecast, but we are expecting to see this business and this segment return to a growth profile and in 2016 and we are pretty confident. I would add one further comment, last year we dealt with loss of significant chunk of business from Wal-Mart. We are not looking at Wal-Mart as the provider of our growth in 2016, in fact I think the guys are actually taking the Wal-Mart business down a little bit again in 2016, but with that we still believe we have got a good executable plan for growth within the Hillphoenix business and within the segment.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks a lot and then my follow up would just be on the Energy segment. You talked about how you lowered your oil-price average assumption for the year, what about your assumption on pricing for your own products within that business of those - has that assumption change at all.
Robert Livingston: No, we closed 2015 pretty dead on about 3% price concessions for the whole segment and I’ve commented on the several times during 2015. The bulk of that we saw within our rods business and artificial lift and as well as our PVC insert business, with our drilling activity. We do include in our guide another 2% down on top of that is 2% incremental for the segment in 2016 and we feel pretty comfortable with that.
Julian Mitchell: Great thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Winoker with Bernstein.
Steven Winoker: Thanks and good morning.
Robert Livingston: Good morning.
Steven Winoker: Just a bit fire point to get on the Energy side what rate kind of assumption are you making in now for 2016 given this continued deterioration.
Robert Livingston: So, let’s say I told you that in the first three to four months of the year we are looking at a price of oil 30 or below 30s. For the recount I think low end of our guidance we see the rig count down 28% or 29%, at the high end point of our guidance it is down 25%, 26%.
Steven Winoker: Okay, great that’s helpful thanks. And then if you breakout both the Engineered Systems the industrial peace within that on the pump side the things that were actually down…
Robert Livingston: Wait a minute pump is not an Engineered Systems.
Steven Winoker: No, no, I know, I am talking about two different segments. So within the on the first on the industrial side of Engineered Systems the down 3% on the bookings front and the down 1% on revenue, obviously that is not environmental which is - what is getting hit in that place, in that segment?
Robert Livingston: Well, I’m not following your - I am not - you have asked me about the numbers but I will…
Steven Winoker: You said environmental solutions was positive something negative
Robert Livingston: More of it, what you need to recognize that included in the industrial platform is a business that we owned in 2015, that we still own today, that we are the process of divesting and it is about $100 million a year and that revenue for that businesses is taking out of our guidance in 2016 and I think you’ll note that is probably the most significant decline.
Steven Winoker: That is hitting organic, okay.
Robert Livingston: That is hitting organic, yes.
Steven Winoker: Okay fine and then I was just thinking on the pumps side within Fluids the non-energy side you got industrial plastics and [indiscernible] et cetera what do you think in those areas.
Robert Livingston: Hold it solid.
Steven Winoker: Okay great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis from Barclays.
Scott Davis: Hi guys, and sorry if you already answered this question. I don’t recall hearing you say what you’re pricing your backlog look like holistically, was it that you said it was flattish, I think your sector Energy was better than kind of expected but the price for oil.
Robert Livingston: The pricing in our backlog gosh, Scott we are such a book and ship business, it is not something I really pay much attention to as I commented earlier within Energy our price for the segment, our price concessions for the segment were down 3% for 2015 and we expect another 2% down in 2016 but I’m not sure. Does that answer your question?
Scott Davis: Yeah, I guess I was trying to get at the non-Energy stuff and see if there was some price deflation you’re seeing on those businesses.
Robert Livingston: No, no.
Scott Davis: Okay that’s fair enough and then what is the FX impact on the backlog, has to be pretty substantial I would think so trying to get some granularity there.
Robert Livingston: I would say we dealt with the bulk of the FX impact on our backlog in the first nine months of last year. I don’t think we have any exposure in our backlog beyond what we’re already guiding, which is another 2% headwind this year in FX and I should be sitting here with a smile on my face saying it is down from four to two, but still 2% is a pretty significant number for us, but again it is - we are such a book and ship business that you see it sure pretty quickly in revenue and I think we’ve got it covered.
Scott Davis: Okay, all the other questions have been answered, so thank guys.
Robert Livingston: All right, thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, good morning.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Just a couple of questions on restructuring team can you just help us kind of reconcile, what would be the incremental restructuring did you guys took relative to the third quarter in Energy what was - I had my own expectation but kind of what was the steps up and down that was attributable to Energy from your third quarter guide? And then also of what were the year-over-year savings you guys recorded? I assume you’re getting some of the savings where you took some heavy structuring early in the year, what was the savings that is recorded year-over-year in your Energy margin in the fourth quarter?
Brad Cerepak: Oh my goodness, I don’t have that detail with me the restructuring in the fourth quarter and energy was little over $4 million and I think that was - I think it was probably up $2 million slightly it was up about 2 million over what we thought we would do as we entered the quarter.
Steve Tusa: So, I guess the question is if things are worse here going forward if it is not you guys are down more like in line of what you are down relative to rig count this year, I mean are you still taking kind of these only choosy restructurings or do we need to see more dramatic cost take out, because this seems like $2 million relative to your annual revenue rate and the decline to dramatic step down in rigs that we’d had and the dramatic step down on oil price, is it a little bit late to help us feel good about the margins you’re gearing (ph) for next year.
Robert Livingston: I think if we - and it’s a good question Steve, I’d tell you that if we weren’t continuing to try to expand our customer service activity and we did in ‘15 and our plan in ‘16 is again to actually see an increase in product development spending within Energy, if we weren’t doing that you would see actually more benefits coming through from some of the restructuring actions we have taken in ‘15. In 2016, I think our guide we have; I think $20 million of restructuring charges in our guide for 2016, 80% of that’s probably in the first half Steve, there may be a little bit of trickle over into the third quarter, but 80% of it, I would say is in the first half. Of the 20 million probably 9 million of it is Energy. The balance of the 11, a little bit Refrigeration, but the balance of the $11 million is pretty evenly split between Fluids and Engineered Systems and if we see further deterioration in the Energy market - look we have got a - at some point in time we have this push versus pull of taking cost out versus continuing to invest for tomorrow and for being a better partner with our customers. And if we see further deterioration in the energy market that debate gets a bit harsher.
Steve Tusa: Got it, great, thanks a lot.
Robert Livingston: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Good morning, guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan: In terms of down 45 in drilling and production in the quarter, do you have the split between the drilling and the production piece and then are you seeing any change in sort of drill, but uncompleted well activity or any other dynamics there.
Robert Livingston: So, do I have a split between drilling and production, you will have to follow up with Paul and I don’t have that, I will tell you as a cover comment that through every single quarter in ‘16, our drilling activity was down year-over-year much more than our other upstream activity which is artificial lift and automation. I think our drilling activity in ‘16 was down 60% or 65%, significantly more than we saw in artificial lift and automation. I don’t know, does that give you a little bit color, but I don’t have the exact numbers Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Yeah, that’s helpful and in terms of I mean now that we are down at 30, I mean have you seen any change in behavior on the production side in terms of these uncompleted wells or anything else in the various space.
Robert Livingston: We are monitoring that pretty closely, we continue to see what is the industry, looks like [ph] ducts drilled uncompleted, we continue to see the ducts inventory built during the third and fourth quarter, that’s always hard to forecast. For us it is something that we look at in our sort of our rear view mirror as the data gets released, but we do know that the activity is quite different between the basins here in North America. West Texas or the Permian basin is starting to see some increased completion of drilled, but previously uncompleted wells, we are not seeing that in the other basins and that’s our fourth quarter comment that’s not our first quarter comment.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay, that makes sense, thanks a lot guys.
Robert Livingston: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Kaplowitz with Citi Group.
Andy Kaplowitz: Good morning, guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning.
Andy Kaplowitz: Bob, I think you mentioned that China sequentially improved in 4Q versus 3Q and I know you had some comments of that at the analyst dinner. Maybe you can talk about China across the business, are you seeing more signs of stability there across the business.
Robert Livingston: You are referring to China, if the question is more of a general comment about China, I can’t see the improvement we just don’t see it, even when we talk to our folks on the ground there. I think the improvement we saw in the fourth quarter, I am going to trace it back to comments I have been making all year long it’s - we continue to look for opportunities or new product releases, a new product specific to China market, even with some of the restructuring activity that we have planned in the first three to five months of 2016 and this is [indiscernible] comment within the Fluid segment all of that restructuring is in Europe, People interestingly enough and some of the benefits that we will achieve with the restructuring of China is actually being reallocated to increase our customer facing and service capabilities in China, there are opportunities for growth but I am not going to label, I am not going got label the change we saw in a n fourth quarter is a grounds well changed.
Andy Kaplowitz: Okay, that’s helpful and you talked about Refrigeration already, but the margin itself was relatively low, a lot of that has to do with lower volume, do you think this is the bottom for margin in that segment and do you see have you seen any incremental pricing pressure in that segment or do you expect it to improve.
Robert Livingston: Oh gosh, this is probably the - let’s not talk about the segment, it is specific, my comment would be very specific to Hillphoenix, I would say that this is always been a very price competitive market and we will see what happens in 2016 and 2017 where the change in ownership with our major competitor. Margins in the segment for the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter is historically, traditionally our weakest quarter of the year for margins for the segment. I think we saw that again in the fourth quarter of ‘15, but we do see a pretty good path going forward here in 2016 for margin improvement for the year.
Andy Kaplowitz: Thank you.
Robert Livingston: Do we have another question Kristine?
Operator: Yes, our next question comes from Johnny Wright with Nomura.
Johnny Wright: Good morning, guys.
Robert Livingston: Good morning.
Johnny Wright: So I think in Fluid, Bob you talked about of extreme exposure 10% - 12% gas, does wondering about mid-stream exposure given we have seen some started to come [indiscernible] kind of more pulling back on CapEx, do you have sense of how big mid-stream exposure there is particular in the [indiscernible] and hearing from customer.
Robert Livingston: We have some exposure, I am not sure what the percentage is, I think it may be less than we have in upstream, we have we have seen it in some of our fuel transfer product that’s deal with terminals and distribution I would say it was softer than expected in 2015 but I would label it as negative, we are taking cautious approach as we look at that part of the market in 2016 but I also point out that we also have this mid-stream exposure around Energy within our Energy segment in bearings and compression and we watch that pretty closely especially the OEM build rates around compressors and that was down in the second half of last year. We are not anticipating a recovery in fact I believe that the guys are actually see further decreases in OEM compressor build rates in 2016.
Johnny Wright: Okay, all right guys, given that on the Fluid sides and giving where you are floor keepers and the sales and the book to bill front, what kind of offsetting positives that give you comfort in that negative 1% to plus 2% organic for 2016.
Robert Livingston: Look, you asked a question about the mid-stream but still the bulk of our by a large percentage, the bulk of our activity and fluids is not in upstream or mid-stream, the retail filling piece which is fairly significant and even more so now with the acquisition of Tokheim we view as solid around the globe in 2016, it has both market expansion opportunities as well as some significant drivers and safety and regulatory issues. And we have embedded within that platform, within our fluid transfer platform is our medical and our connector business or fluid connector business and that business I think had 7% or 8% organic growth in 2015 and is looking at something similar to that in 2016.
Johnny Wright: Great, thanks guys.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we’ve reached our allotted time for Q&A today and we thank you for your participation in today’s fourth quarter 2015 Dover Earnings call. Please disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President-Investor Relations Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2015 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and welcome to Dover's third quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. And today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's third quarter operating and financial performance and follow with an update of our 2015 outlook. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with one follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through November 3, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1-800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 52317274. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Overall, our third quarter performance was in line with our expectations. Our team aggressively pursued share gains, cost actions and productivity initiatives which helped to mitigate weak global macro conditions. I was pleased we were able to sign agreements to acquire two businesses, JK Group and Gala Industries. These acquisitions are in addition to the previously announced Tokheim deal and are expected to close later this quarter. Each of these companies offer industry-leading products and significantly complement and expand our market positions. Now, let me share some comments on the quarter. We executed well and were able to post solid results. Of note, the sequential rate of decline moderated significantly in our Energy segment while Refrigeration & Food Equipment's results improved sequentially. Engineered Systems and Fluids continued to perform well. Overall, Engineered Systems, Fluids and Refrigeration & Food Equipment all posted the same or improved year-over-year margin on lower volume. From a geographic perspective, excluding our energy exposure and the tough comps in retail refrigeration markets, U.S. industrial activity was solid. Our Asian and European activity slowed on reduced CapEx spending. Now, some specific segment comments. In Energy, markets remained tough. However, I was pleased with our third quarter results as we posted an adjusted segment margin of over 15%, a 3-point sequential improvement. Our teams executed well on actions to drive sales as well as on broad cost reduction activities. As we enter the fourth quarter, we remain focused on winning new business, maintaining appropriate service levels and continuing to look for opportunities to reduce our cost structure. In Engineered Systems, we achieved modest organic growth. Within Printing & Identification, our businesses performed well in North America but were softer in China. European activity slowed partially due to the timing of order activity. In the Industrial platform, modest organic growth was led by solid results in our waste handling business. Our Fluids segment had a solid quarter, led by our business serving the polymers and plastics market. Fluids segment margin performance was again excellent at over 21%. Within our Refrigeration & Food Equipment segment, retail refrigeration results improved sequentially. I am encouraged by some important recent wins for our Hillphoenix business, which should set us up for an improved 2016. Our glass door business again performed well, leveraging their broad customer base and leading technology. Our acquisition pipeline matured nicely in the quarter. And as noted earlier, we have signed agreements for three important acquisitions since our last earnings call, Tokheim, JK and Gala. While all three companies serve different end markets, they all have commonality in that they each complement and expand our presence in key end markets, are highly synergistic and position us to be a more important partner with our customers. In the case of Tokheim, we added leading Dispenser and Systems business to our strong OPW suite of products. Together, we will have the most complete retail fueling solutions available for our customers. With JK, we add a high-growth, market-leading consumable ink business to our already strong digital printing equipment offering. Our customers will benefit from the coordination and technology sharing between JK and MS Solutions. And with Gala, we will broaden our position serving the polymers and plastics markets. The combination of Maag and Gala will allow us to participate in more applications in the plastics manufacturing process and, thus, become an even stronger partner with our customers. In total, we are spending about $1 billion on these three businesses and acquiring about $500 million in 2016 revenue. Excluding acquisition-related costs, we expect about $0.38 accretion in 2016 from these deals on an operating basis. Now, looking to the remainder of the year. Within Energy, we remain cautious and have further adjusted our full year forecast to reflect the recent decline in rig count, as well as softer bearings and compression markets driven by slower OEM build rates. In Engineered Systems, we anticipate modest growth in both platforms in the fourth quarter led by strong results in waste handling and digital printing equipment. Regarding Fluids, though we anticipate growth to slow in the fourth quarter, we expect fluid transfer to remain solid. Overall, we expect to finish the year with segment margin of around 20% driven by the strong focus on cost management and productivity. And finally, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, we expect normal fourth quarter seasonality off our lower base. However, we do anticipate our glass door, commercial food and can-shaping equipment businesses to perform well. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on slide three of the presentation deck. Today, we reported third quarter revenue of $1.8 billion, a decrease of 11%. This result was comprised of organic revenue declines of 10%, growth from acquisitions of 3%, and an FX impact of 4%. EPS was $1.19 and includes $0.05 of discrete tax benefits. Segment margin for the quarter was 17%, 180 basis points below last year. Adjusting for third quarter restructuring of $12 million, margin was 17.6%. Restructuring activities were broad-based and came in toward the high end of our prior range. Bookings decreased 12% over the prior year to $1.7 billion, largely reflecting tough oil and gas markets. Overall, book-to-bill finished at 0.95. Our backlog decreased 20% to $1 billion. Free cash flow was strong at $243 million for the quarter, or 14% of revenue. For the full year, we now expect to generate free cash flow of approximately 12% of revenue, up one point from our prior estimate. Now turning to slide four. Fluids and Engineered Systems both had organic revenue growth of 1%. Fluids benefited from strong project-related shipments. Engineered Systems growth was driven by solid waste handling markets. Refrigeration & Food Equipment's organic revenue declined 6%, primarily on reduced volume from a key retail refrigeration customer. Weak macros in Energy drove organic revenue down 37%. As seen on the chart, acquisition growth in the quarter was 3% while FX had a negative 4% impact. Now turning to slide five and our sequential results. Revenue increased 2% from the second quarter largely driven by expected higher volume in our retail refrigeration markets. Overall, Refrigeration & Food Equipment increased 10%. Fluids was flat while Engineered Systems declined 2%. Energy decreased 1% sequentially, reflecting moderation in the rate of decline following sequential declines of 15% in Q2 and 22% in Q1. Sequential bookings decreased 1%, principally driven by normal seasonality of Refrigeration & Food Equipment, partially offset by strong Fluid orders. Overall, Fluids grew 7% resulting from solid fluid transfer activity and robust project-related pump orders. Energy grew 2% and Engineered Systems was up 1%, while Refrigeration & Food Equipment declined 12%. Now, on slide six. Energy revenue of $364 million decreased 28%, driving earnings down from the prior year to $49 million. Energy's results continue to be impacted by challenging North American oil and gas markets. Of note, Middle East activity held up well in the quarter and international expansion continues to be an area of opportunity. We incurred an additional $6 million in restructuring cost in the third quarter and are evaluating additional cost actions as we finish the year. Excluding the Q3 restructuring cost, our operating margin was over 15%, reflecting volume and price declines partially offset by the benefits of productivity and previously completed restructuring. Bookings were $352 million, a 33% decrease from the prior year. Book-to-bill was 0.97. Turning to slide seven. Engineered Systems revenue of $579 million declined 5% overall, reflecting organic revenue growth of 1%, offset by an FX impact of 6%. Earnings of $103 million decreased 5%, reflecting principally the impact of FX. Our Printing & Identification platform revenue of $228 million decreased 11% due to FX. Organic revenue was flat, reflecting North American growth offset by softer China and deferred digital equipment order activity in Europe. In our Industrial platform, overall revenue declined 1% to $351 million, where organic growth was 1%, offset by FX of 2%. Organic growth was led by our waste handling and microwave component businesses. We incurred $4 million of restructuring costs in the third quarter for actions that will further improve our cost structure. Excluding the Q3 restructuring costs, our operating margins was a strong 18.5%, reflecting the benefits of productivity and completed restructuring, and a positive business mix. Bookings were $565 million, a decrease of 4%, reflecting organic bookings growth of 2%, offset by a 6% impact from FX. Organically, Printing & Identification bookings were up 2%, and Industrial bookings increased 1%. Book-to-bill for Printing & Identification was 0.99, while Industrial was 0.96. Overall, book-to-bill was 0.98. Now, on slide 8. Within Fluids, revenue decreased 3% to $352 million, while earnings increased 11% to $75 million. Revenue performance was driven by organic and acquisition growth of 1%, respectively, offset by a 5% FX impact. Our fluid transfer businesses remained solid, while our pumps results reflect strong shipments of plastics-related project orders. Segment margin was 21.3%, an increase of 260 basis points, largely reflecting favorable product mix and leverage on volume. Of note, deal costs related to recent acquisition activity were approximately $2 million in the quarter. Bookings were $357 million, an increase of 2% overall or 4% organically. This result primarily reflects strong project orders. Book-to-bill was 1.01. Now, let's turn to slide 9. Refrigeration & Food Equipment's revenue of $492 million declined 7% from the prior year, and earnings decreased 2% to $77 million. As expected, revenue was largely impacted by reduced volume from a key retail refrigeration customer. Our glass door business remained solid and our can-shaping equipment results were improved but were impacted by a delayed shipment at quarter-end which will ship in Q4. Operating margin was 15.6%, an 80-basis-point improvement from last year. This result largely reflects reduced manufacturing supply chain costs as compared to last year and the benefits of restructuring. Bookings were $431 million, a decrease of 6%, principally reflecting slow order activity from our core refrigeration customers. Book-to-bill was 0.87, reflecting normal seasonality. Now, going to the overview slide number 10. Third quarter net interest expense was $32 million. Corporate expense was $26 million, down $2 million reflecting ongoing cost management initiatives. Excluding discrete tax benefits, our third quarter tax rate was 27.3%, reflecting the benefits from restructuring international operations. Capital expenditures were $40 million in the quarter. Lastly, in the quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for $100 million and have repurchased $600 million year-to-date, completing our repurchase plans for the year. Moving on to slide 11 which shows our full year guidance. We now expect year-over-year revenue to be down 10% to 11%. Within this estimate, organic revenue has been reduced 2 points. It is now expected to be down 9% to 10% for the year. We continue to expect completed acquisitions will add approximately 3% and the impact of FX to be approximately 4%. Of note, segment margin is expected to be around 16% excluding restructuring costs. Our full year corporate expense forecast is coming down $9 million to $107 million reflecting flow-through of the third quarter reduction and a lower run rate. Interest expense remained at around $127 million. We now expect the full year tax rate to be approximately 28.5%, a half point lower than our prior forecast. CapEx remains at approximately 2.3% of revenue and our full year free cash flow will now be around 12% of revenue. From a segment perspective, Energy's full year organic revenue forecast is now expected to decline 33% to 34%, a 2-point reduction from our prior guidance. Engineered Systems' organic growth is now expected to be around 3%, within our prior forecast range. Refrigeration & Food Equipment's organic revenue forecasted is expected to be down 7% to 8%, essentially unchanged from our prior forecast. Lastly, Fluids growth rate has been reduced 3 points to 2% to 3%, driven principally by weak oil and gas markets. Turning to the 2015 bridge on slide 12. We now expect the year-over-year impact of restructuring cost to be $0.02 higher than our prior forecast, and be negative $0.02 to $0.04. Performance largely driven by volume declines and also including $0.02 of deal cost, partially offset by productivity and restructuring benefits, will reduce earnings $1.11 to $1.15. Within this estimate are restructuring benefits of $0.45 to $0.50. Acquisitions already completed will be about $0.04 accretive. Note that this does not include Tokheim, JK or Gala. Share reduction will add approximately $0.21. Interest, corporate and a lower tax rate will be in the range of $0.08 to $0.09 benefit. In total, we now expect 2015 EPS to be $3.73 to $3.80, as compared to our prior forecast of $3.75 to $3.90. This range includes approximately $0.20 of restructuring charges, a $0.02 increase from our last forecast, and now also includes $0.02 of deal cost and $0.05 related to discrete tax benefits. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Brad. Although we have clearly been impacted by difficult market conditions, I am pleased with the way our teams have responded and executed in this environment. We've done an excellent job pursuing revenue opportunities and winning new customers. And we have positioned our company well through aggressive cost management and productivity projects. As I look beyond 2015, I am very excited by the breadth of opportunities across Dover. For example, within Energy, our aggressive pursuit of share gains and expanding our international presence is ongoing as we are currently participating in many foreign tenders. The cost and productivity efforts we have taken throughout the year have permanently reduced the cost structure of the business. Engineered Systems should significantly benefit from their continued focus on productivity, especially the shared service initiative and by their addition of JK. I also believe our waste handling business will continue to post strong order rates. In Fluids, I anticipate continued strong performance largely driven by solid results for our businesses serving the retail fueling and polymers and plastics markets. The results will be nicely complemented by the addition of Tokheim and Gala, respectively. And lastly, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, expected improved performance for Hillphoenix will be driven by retail refrigeration customer wins and share gains, and continued strong performance by Anthony. Our Food Equipment businesses should also be solid, boosted by the rollout of new products. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. Now, Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President-Investor Relations: Yeah. Before we have the first question, I'd like to remind everybody, if you can limit yourself to one question with one follow-up, we'll get more questions in, and we have several people in queue right now. So, Laurie, can we please have our first question.
Operator: Again, we ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Your first question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thank you.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Julian. Good morning.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Just a question around the capital allocation. Obviously, the buyback spend has tailed off in the second half, I guess, in line with the initial plan for the year. M&A now stepped up. So, is that just the sort of the vagaries of short-term timing or is there a more fundamental shift in approach on how you're using the cash?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Don't read any – don't read into this, any fundamental shifts. Oh gosh, Julian, I think if you look at maybe the last three years, maybe even four years, you'll see our capital allocation has been pretty evenly split between acquisitions and spending on dividends, as well as share repurchases. In fact, I think it's been about 50/50. I'm not going to comment on guidance for 2016, but I would tell you, if you look at the next couple years or three years, I would not expect the capital allocation profile to be much different than it has been for the last three years or four years.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. And then, just my follow-up is around the restructuring plans. And you said you'd increased it by a couple of cents for this year. I just wonder if there was a possibility you might have pushed that out more given maybe extra weakness on CapEx outside of the Energy business, and what sort of assumptions you have for organic growth behind that extra $0.02 increase on restructuring.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So, we have increased our restructuring activity here in the second half. You see it in the fourth quarter forecast. I would also add that even with the restructuring that we have included in our forecast, we continue to look for opportunities to restructure and to reduce our cost base, especially within Energy, but it's not restricted to Energy. If you look beyond 2015, I – sitting here today, I would tell you that I do expect our restructuring activity in 2016 to be diminished from what you've seen us tackle in 2015, and even in the latter part of 2014. It won't be zero, but I don't expect it to be at the levels we had last year and this year.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Congratulations on the deal close. You've been pretty active for sure. Can you just maybe just give us some color around...
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: I've been signaling this for the last three months or four months.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I know, but sell side is as cynical as you know. But if you can just give us some color around JK and Gala in terms of growth rates and margin profile, that would be helpful.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Gosh. JK, well, let's see. Of the three, Tokheim, JK and Gala, Tokheim and Gala will both be add-ons to existing businesses within Dover. Tokheim will become part of OPW; and Gala, obviously, will become part of our Maag business. JK will actually be a standalone within our Printing & Identification platform within Engineered Systems. The margins within JK – gosh, Brad, are they – they may be the highest margins, operating margins of any standalone business we have in Dover. Is that a true statement?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I think that would be close to – that would be true. And it's a consumable business. So, naturally, we have consumables in our Markem-Imaje business. And I would say it's not significantly different than what we see in our other consumables.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Nigel, the margins will be north of 45%, operating margins at JK. At Gala, low-teens. And I'm not even sure they're at low-teens right now. They're – but we're very close to it, 12%. But we're pretty excited about this opportunity. It's really easy to remind myself that even three-and-a-half years ago, when we acquired Maag, their margins were pretty similar to what we see at Gala today. And the margins at Maag, this year, I think we've – my goodness, Brad, I think we've improved margins over the last three years by about 600 basis points and that is a rough number.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: (29:12) yeah.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: And don't expect that to happen in 2016, but you should expect us to start that journey in 2016, Nigel. And I fully expect those margins to be reflective, if not accretive, to Maag over the next three years or four years.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then, on the accretion numbers for 2016, I noticed in the PR, you mentioned they don't include interest expense. And I'm just wondering, is that because the phantom mix is still pretty Fluids? No pun intended there, but are you still to decide on the phantom mix? I mean, how should we think about, for modeling purposes, the mix between cash and debt, and then the mix on the debt between term and CP?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So...
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Go ahead, Brad.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Let me take that one. So, let me just start with the deals that we expect to close in Q4. As we sit here today, we will execute those deals with existing cash. And the cash that we generate in the fourth quarter, which will be a very healthy, normal fourth quarter that we see...
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Brad, the two deals we do expect to close in our fourth quarter are JK and Gala.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Right. We are not – sitting here today, we still don't anticipate closing Tokheim until early in 2016. So for next year, specifically – so the two deals this year, we'll close with cash and cash generated. As for next year, specifically the Tokheim deal, it depends a lot on the timing. But we expect funding this deal now part cash on hand and some incremental debt, most likely, to your question, using CP. And I would say today, sitting here, we've sized that at a range of somewhere – less than the purchase price, but somewhere in the range of $300 million to $400 million.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker of Bernstein.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks, and good morning.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Just maybe just talk about pricing pressure in Energy and across the other segments. What are you seeing now? You've talked about it in prior calls, a little bit about your expectations. How has that been coming through and what are your expectations going forward?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's really two different topics. It's Energy and then it's the rest of Dover. And in the other three segments, Steve, I would say the pricing has been rather neutral this year. We saw that again in the third quarter. We don't anticipate anything different than that in the fourth quarter. And 2016, though we haven't completed our planning process yet, I would say that our early look on pricing for 2016 would be more of the same. We would expect it to be neutral. We have seen pricing pressure in Energy this year. I think we opened – help me here, Brad. We opened early in the year or on our first quarter call, guiding price down, expectations of 3% to 5%, I think it was. I think we'll end the year closer to the low end of that range than the high end, Steve. And it truly is – you truly do see quite a mix on pricing pressure across the various product lines. And it's not much different during the third quarter or what we expect in the fourth quarter than what I've shared before on calls. In our rod business, I think price down activity in the third quarter was about 10% or 11%, which was fairly consistent with the second quarter. In a couple of other product areas, it's mid-single digits. But overall, not much of a change since our second quarter call.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, on the implied fourth quarter guidance, it looks like your revenue, sequential revenue is declining about 1%. And I think that compares to about maybe 2.5% to 3.5% over the last couple of years, obviously, always different dynamics here. But as you were looking at the sequential behavior across Energy, particularly in the other businesses, is that just indicative of you – believing that you're pretty close to bottoming out? Or how were you thinking about that?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, look, let me give you an opening comment in response to your question, and Brad can perhaps add some detail. If I use the top end of our guidance range that existed – that we shared with you on the July call and look at where we are today, you would see that revenues coming down, what is the number, about $150 million or $160 million on the guide, Brad?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: For the second half.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Or during the fourth.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: And I would tell you that if it's $160 million, $60 million of it was in the third quarter, $100 million of it is in the fourth quarter. And it's – in broad strokes, it's three areas. It's Energy, it's Europe and it's China. And Europe and China touched all three segments. The $50 million to $60 million in the third quarter was fairly modest in Energy. We were probably down maybe $9 million or $10 million below our expectations.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: But up on earnings now.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: But up on earnings, and feel like we were about $50 million short of our expectations in the third quarter in the other segments almost all attributable to slowdown in Europe and China. In the fourth quarter, I would peg that number at $100 million. And I'm – I think we're recognizing the recent activity, recent trend here in rig counts as we went through the second half of the third quarter. But our Energy revenue forecast for the fourth quarter is down about $40 million or $45 million from where we're looking at it in July, and at about $100 million across the other segments, again, mostly attributable to some slowness we're seeing or anticipating in Europe and China. So, I hope that provides some top line cover, maybe.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: It does. Yes. Absolutely.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Steven E. Winoker - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan of UBS.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: So, Bob, a little follow-up to that one. So, it looks like the Energy revenues will be down sequentially another $30 million or so in the fourth quarter. Do you expect that, that would be the bottom or will it depend...
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. That's about $25 million.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: $25 million, okay.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Will it depend on – will that, do you think, mark a sort of sequential bottom for the business or will it depend on rig count? Where are you with destocking, et cetera? I mean, do you think that will be the bottom or not?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's going to be dependent upon energy trends. I think we are – there may be a pocket here or a customer somewhere who still has some inventory that they want to burn off, but I would tell you that the destocking of inventory, we think, is essentially done. We saw a little bit of that in the third quarter. We expected a little bit of that to continue in the third quarter. We did see that. But I think it's – I think that's behind us. I think the – I think, again, the best leading indicator that we've been sharing with you here for near-term activity in our Energy business is the rig count.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, in terms of...
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: And you see that almost as quickly as we do.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Right. Yeah. Now, you've had some other dynamics, too. So, I mean at this point, it's pretty much down to that. And so, when you think about next year just in terms of cost-out opportunities across the company, is that still the biggest thing that you could potentially go after, of rig counts or worse, you would take more cost out of Energy or are there – or will that not be the primary restructuring area next year?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: So, if rig counts – if we continue to get pressured in our energy fundamentals, we still believe we've got opportunities to take some cost out. Though, Shannon, I'm going to be real direct here; it becomes more difficult as we go into 2016. But it will become – in 2016, it will truly become trade-offs between lowering cost and maintaining what we would define as appropriate service levels. But we do know we've got additional opportunities to tackle in 2016 if need be.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: But I would...
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: But I'm not so sure I would agree with the other part of your statement that the bulk of our opportunities in 2016 are still within Energy, Brad. I think we do expect our restructuring activity to be less in 2016 than they were in 2015, but the discussions we're having across the board, we have restructuring opportunities that we've identified, some of which we'll tackle here in the fourth quarter, some of which are lined up for the first half of next year across all four segments.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, gents.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hey. Good morning. Hey, just shifting over to Refrigeration and Hillphoenix in particular, can you give us any other color on the nature of the customer wins that you're talking about or the size and the impact that this might have on 2016?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't want to give you the individual customers, Jeff. I – as we talk about share gains and business wins, I will tell you what's not included in that would be any change that we would expect to see next year with our customer that we've been talking about all year long, which is Walmart. But when you look at...
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Any downward change.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: ...any downward change. But when you look at the business wins and the share gains that we've experienced and benefited from here in the second half of this year, and look at the carryover into 2016, I would label them mostly regional retailers. And we think we're going into 2016 with about $30 million worth of incremental business from wins that we have earned this year and partly have some of the revenue in the second half of this year, but about $30 million of incremental business into 2016 for these new wins and share gain.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And just shifting to Fluids, you'd historically described the direct oil and gas exposure there as some small side, I think maybe 10%, but you're taking the guide down there. Can you give a little bit of color on how hard those businesses are being hit? Do I have that 10% dialed right? What's going on in that?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: 10% to 12%. And almost all of the, I would call it, the hit or the down cycle in oil and gas is restricted to some of the oil and – upstream oil and gas activity that our Pumps business participates in. As Brad said in his script or in his prepared comments, the down guide on Fluids is principally oil and gas, but it's not all oil and gas. We are seeing some softness in Europe and China in Fluids as well. And we'll see how the fourth quarter shapes up. I – the third quarter concerned me a little bit in China. If we were to pull out our project activity, which, as most of you know, can be lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, if we pulled out our project activity from both the third quarter of 2015 and the third quarter of 2014, revenue was down in China double digits in the third quarter. Not expecting it to be down as much in the fourth quarter. In fact, October and September are telling us it won't be. But I'm still being pretty cautious with respect to expectations in China here in the fourth quarter. But our business...
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: How much?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: ...is down 15% – almost 15% in the third quarter in China.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: If I might slip in one more quick one. Your comments about Middle East Energy, there's a lot of stories of budget stress and duress there. And where are you seeing strength in the Middle East and how significant is that?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have – I'm not so sure I've got exact numbers that I can recall for the Middle East. I know we have, goodness, more than – we're participating in more than 50 tenders right now in the Middle East and Southeast Asia, as well as South America. Jeff, three years ago, that number would've been 8 tenders. I mean, it's – the change has been that significant for us. And I would say more than half, probably two thirds of these tenders, I would describe as Middle East opportunities. And the area that has been the most significant for us in the Middle East over the last three years has been our base of activity in Oman, and then the areas in the Middle East that we service from our base in Oman. And that continues to be quite attractive both here in the second half, as well as expectations for 2016 and 2017.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, can you just maybe talk about, just kind of reaffirm or provide some color around what the carryover on savings are for next year, again, on these actions, on the restructuring actions?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, okay. I'll start, but Brad's going to have to help me here. So, as I look at it, Steve, I call it some of the self-help going into 2016. I've already commented that our restructuring charges in 2016 should be less than we've incurred in 2015 and 2014. I'm not going to give you that number until we finished some work. But I think we'll be prepared to share that delta with our investors and the analysts at our dinner in December. But on the restructuring activities that we have executed on in 2015, I think the carryover that we're looking at is about $50 million, Brad?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That's correct.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. $50 million.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. And then just on the Energy, the exit rate for the Energy margin, I'm not sure if you addressed this. What do you expect for Energy margins for the year again? Can you just remind me? Just trying to get a base, trying to get a base for next year, because obviously, 4Q is going to be pretty tough. It's not representative of the year, of course, but maybe just a year.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll give you some color on that to help you with your modeling. The Energy margins for the year is going to be a little bit better than 12%, and this is all-in. Restructuring, this is not adjusted, this is all-in; a little better than 12%. And I think one of the earlier questions was about the decline in revenue. In the fourth quarter in Energy, it's about $25 million. Our margins in the third quarter, all-in, were 13.5%, and will be about 100 bps below that in the fourth quarter.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Any other moving parts or any other segments for the fourth quarter that you want to call out, or is it pretty self-explanatory from a seasonal perspective, and any items to call out within the other segments on the margin front?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, there wouldn't be anything unusual to call out.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Would just like to clarify on the financing plans for JK, Gala. There's a – in the press release, that last sentence said, interest charges associated with incremental debt financing is not included in the EPS estimates. So, Brad said you're going to be using cash and fourth quarter cash flow. So, you're assuming no cost of financing for these deals?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: For the two deals that – as I said, the two deals we expect to close this year, there would be no financing related to that. It would be cash on hand and cash flow in the fourth quarter. And just to reiterate, on the Tokheim deal, depending on where we close next year, what we said would be $300 million to $400 million of financing; most likely, I view that as using CP.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got that. And then, also on other and corporate, that $2 million lower this quarter, should we view that as a new run rate for that expense? Anything unusual?
Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President-Investor Relations: Is the question on 2016?
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I would say the run rate – as you know, in earlier quarters, we talked about this current year has impacted our compensation accruals. So, I would expect that you see some of that come back across that corporate number into next year. So, no, I would expect it to go up slightly.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, my first question on Energy. Clearly, you guys – Bob, you mentioned that pricing has been kind of closer towards the down 3% this year. I'm just curious, what are your expectations for pricing in Energy next year? And how are you thinking about the end market across your businesses?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I'm not giving guidance on 2016 yet, Joe. So, you're going to have to – I'm going to preface my comment by saying, we're still doing a lot of work on that. But I would tell you, at the sort of the high level assumptions we're making, is that the next couple of quarters are probably going to be pretty reflective of what we're seeing here as we end the third quarter and move into the fourth quarter. And I would label that as stability, but at a much lower investment rate and spend rate with our customers. It's a little bit more difficult to call right now, the second half of next year. And we'll give you a little bit more color on that at our dinner in December. But for the first half of next year, without any doubt, we are not planning for any recovery beyond our current run rate in the Energy market. And – but I would also say we're not expecting or planning for another 10% down either.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. I mean, maybe just following up and asking a question...
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: And your second question was around pricing.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would tell you that I'm not sure pricing was going to be much different. I think as we go into 2016, we would continue to see some pricing pressure, especially in the first half of 2016. I'm not sure our guide would be much different than we were providing at the beginning of the year for the Energy segment in total, maybe a 3% price down pressure. And again, you're going to see it scattered around different product lines and regions where some price pressure will be greater than others.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Now – and that's great color. Thanks, Bob. I think the question I was really trying to get at, in the face of potentially another down 3% pricing year for next year, based on all the restructuring actions that you've done this year, can you guys grow margins? Assuming that there is no fall-off in organic growth, can you guys expand margins in your Energy segment next year?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. I'm going to preface this – what my response, again, by telling you, give me – give us the opportunity to spend some more time on this between now and our investor dinner in December. And I think that this time allows us to come to grips with a little bit of what we're going to be expecting and planning for in the second half. Now, to your question about margin expansion. As we sit here today, we actually see the opportunity in all four of our segments, to see margin expansion. It will be varied. But I think we can – in our core business, if you exclude the acquisition activity and aside from JK, the other two acquisitions we've announced do have – do bring with them, much lower margins than what we have as a Dover average. But in our core business for Dover, we do clearly see the opportunity for margin expansion in 2016. Do you want to add more color to that, Brad?
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The only thing I would add is it gets back to what we're talking about before. We would expect sitting here today, not as much restructuring spend, that's part of that answer, and the carryover benefits, obviously, are quite significant going into next year at $50 million. So, that gives us some jumpstart into that discussion of margin expansion into 2016.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: And on top of that, we are anticipating and planning and identifying significant benefits from productivity in 2016.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Wright of Nomura Securities.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning, guys.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Bob, just digging into your comments on China a little bit. Was that 15% number in 3Q for Dover as a whole? And maybe if you could just dig into the verticals a little bit and talk about which pockets were weakest and how that's trended into 4Q.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It was Dover – it was a Dover number. And, gosh, Jonathan, I'm going to have to – I'd be guessing because I don't have good recall on what the down cycle was in China by each segment. It was evident at each segment, that I can tell you. But I don't have the numbers and a good recall for each segment.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: But where is the biggest exposure to China in the portfolio? Is it Printing & ID? Or where is your biggest exposure?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Fluids and Printing & ID. And it's not – it's actually not insignificant for Refrigeration either.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. And then just one more. The comments you made around kind of the international tax planning benefit from the restructuring you've conducted, does that imply a lower tax rate in 2016 or is that sort of a one-off benefit you're seeing this year?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think – I would characterize it more like a one-off for this year, and probably reverting back to that slightly below 30% rate, at 29% rate for 2016.
Jonathan David Wright - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones of Stifel.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, Bob, Brad or Paul.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning.
Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President-Investor Relations: Hey, Nathan.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just starting with the JK acquisition, I know the knock on a lot of the competitors in that space has been that they don't control the ink. With you now controlling the ink there, is that something you can use as a strategic weapon or a strategic advantage in competing in that space?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't like the word weapon because – we'll use it as a strategic opportunity to better service our customers.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So the answer is yes. I'll take that as...
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, yeah.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Then my second question is on the cost actions that you've taken so far this year.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: I will underscore how important that question is on this JK acquisition.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. I think that answers it. So on the cost out actions that you've taken this year, one of your comments in your prepared remarks, Bob, was that you've permanently reduced the cost structure. Could you give us some flavor for what is structural reduction in cost and what is volume related?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: Oh, my goodness. So, let's see. How do I want to tackle that one, Brad? Let's – help me with the response here between manufacturing cost and SG&A.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: So for manufacturing cost, our restructuring activity, I think we're at a run rate now, an annualized run rate of $90 million or $94 million, is – am I right with that number?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: $92 million across all segments, yeah.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: And a significant chunk of that was not recognized for the entire year. We have about $45 million of that, that is a carryover into 2016. And then below the line, below the gross margin line, we have taken out – goodness, is it close to $50 million in SG&A?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: $35 million.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer: $35 million in SG&A, of which we would label about 18% to 20% of that as permanent. And it's that permanent part of SG&A that I add to the carryover from the manufacturing cost of about $40 million that gets me to the round number of about $50 million of benefits that we'll see in 2016 as we see these projects complete the annual cycle.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Laurie. This concludes our conference call. We were very happy to speak to you this morning, and personally thank you for the one question, one follow-up. We got a lot more questions than we normally would. And with that, we'd like to thank you for your continued interest in Dover, and we look forward to speaking to you at our next earnings call. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's third quarter 2015 conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President-Investor Relations Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc. C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co. Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Second Quarter 2015 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Maria. Good morning and welcome to Dover's second quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today's call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's second quarter operating and financial performance and follow with an update of our 2015 outlook. We will then open up the call for questions. And as a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 4, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 67983014. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We'd also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Let me begin by saying that the Energy markets have been more challenging than we anticipated, and the impact on our results have been quite significant. I do believe we are taking the right actions to address the current environment. And I am confident we will improve our performance in the coming quarters. Now, let me share some comments on the quarter. We face tough markets in the second quarter which included diminished demand and significant inventory reductions in our North American Energy markets. We also saw reduced activity tied to customer capital spending in retail refrigeration and oil and gas related pump markets. Regarding our Industrial platform, the U.S. was very solid, partially offset by some softness in Asia and Europe. These factors more than offset the cost containment actions we've been able to achieve and the very solid results we're seeing in Engineered Systems and Fluids. From a geographic perspective, our U.S. activity declined, largely driven by our exposure to oil and gas markets. Our Asian activity also declined on tough comps and food equipment, and reduced industrial capital spending in China. Overall, Europe remains solid and grew organically in the quarter. Now, some specific segment comments. In Energy, our drilling and production and automation businesses were significantly impacted by the severe North American oil and gas market declines. We also saw some weakness in energy-related bearings markets, while our compression business held up well. In Engineered Systems, we achieved solid organic growth across both platforms. Within Printing & Identification, our businesses again performed well and the Industrial platform achieved overall organic growth of 3% led by solid results in our waste handling business. Our Fluids segment had a strong quarter where market conditions for fluid transfer products were solid and we had strong shipments in our project-related pumps businesses. Fluids segment margin performance was excellent at 20%. Within our Refrigeration & Food Equipment segment, retail refrigeration results were soft. We expected activity to replace previously lost volume to be more robust at this stage of the year. I am encouraged that bookings improved at Hillphoenix as we moved through quarter. Additionally, our glass door business performed well, leveraging their broad customer base and leading technology. Our acquisition pipeline developed nicely in the second quarter and we have the opportunity to close on several bolt-on acquisitions in the second half of the year. Now, let me address our revised outlook for the year. Within Energy, we remain cautious and have adjusted our full-year forecast to reflect the weak second quarter and continuing low demand levels in the second half. On a positive note, we believe we are at the very beginning of a change in direction for our drilling business. Specifically, we saw drilling bookings stabilize and slightly improve off a low base as we exited the quarter. In addition, we have been actively expanding our customer base and select product categories and gaining business with new products and technology. In Engineered Systems, we anticipate growth across both platforms. In Printing & Identification, we continue to win business globally, and organic growth should remain very healthy. In the Industrial platform, we expect second half organic revenue growth to remain solid, quite similar to the first half supported by strong U.S. markets. Regarding Fluids, we believe the solid global markets will continue for fluid transfer and most of our pumps businesses, and margin will remain strong in the second half. Finally, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, we have lowered our forecast due to reduced expectations at Hillphoenix. However, we do anticipate our glass door, heat exchanger and commercial food equipment businesses to perform quite well in the back half. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on slide three of our presentation deck. Today, we reported second quarter revenue of $1.8 billion, a decrease of 10%. This result was comprised of organic revenue declines of 10%, growth from acquisitions of 4%, and an FX impact of 4%. EPS was $0.97, including $0.01 of restructuring. Segment margin for the quarter was 15.6%, 300 basis points below last year. Bookings decreased 14% over the prior year to $1.7 billion, largely reflecting weak energy macros and softer capital spending in retail refrigeration, oil and gas exposed pump markets, and our industrial businesses in Engineered Systems. Overall book-to-bill finished at 0.98. Our backlog decreased 17% to $1.2 billion. Free cash flow was strong at $175 million or 10% of revenue. For the full year, we expect to generate free cash flow of approximately 11% of revenue. Now, let's turn to slide four. Fluids' organic revenue grew 6%, benefiting from solid fluid transfer markets. Engineered Systems grew organic revenue 3%, reflecting solid growth in both platforms. Refrigeration & Food Equipment's organic revenue declined 12% on slower spending by our retail refrigeration customers and tough comps in our can shaping equipment. Weak macros in Energy drove organic revenue down 34%. As seen on the chart, acquisition growth was 4% while FX had a negative 4% impact. Turning to slide five and our sequential results. Revenue increased 3% from the first quarter, primarily reflecting normal seasonality, largely offset by Energy. Overall, Refrigeration & Food Equipment increased 20%; and Engineered Systems and Fluids were both up 3%; Energy decreased 15%. As we discussed earlier, the decline into the second quarter in Energy was deeper than expected. Sequential bookings decreased 1%. Of note, Refrigeration & Food Equipment increased 16% as we began to see orders for Hillphoenix improve, as we exited the second quarter; Engineered Systems and Fluids both declined 2%; while Energy declined 17%. Now, on slide six. Energy revenue of $366 million decreased 24%, driving earnings down from the prior year to $41 million. Energy's results were impacted by the steep deterioration in oil and gas markets, most notably in our North American drilling and production and in our automation markets where we continue to be impacted by diminished demand and significant customer destocking. However, international activity continues to be an area of opportunity for us and held up well in the quarter. We incurred an additional $3 million in restructuring costs in the second quarter and expect to take another $6 million to $7 million in charges in Q3 to further reduce our costs. Excluding the Q2 restructuring cost, our operating margin was 12%, reflecting significantly lower volume and price declines, partially offset by the benefits of productivity and prior-period restructuring. In 2015, we expect to take almost $90 million of costs out of this segment, a majority of it permanent, to better position us for the future. Bookings were $345 million, a 28% decrease from the prior year. Book-to-bill was 0.94. Turning to slide seven. Engineered Systems revenue of $593 million declined 3% overall, reflecting organic revenue growth of 3%, offset by an FX impact of 6%. Earnings of $97 million decreased 5%. Our Printing & Identification platform revenue of $230 million decreased 9% overall. Organic revenue grew 4%, driven by solid global markets for our core printing and coating business. In the Industrial platform, revenue was essentially flat at $363 million and includes organic growth of 3%, driven by growth in our vehicle service and waste handling businesses, partially offset by softness in Asia and European industrial markets. Margin declined 30 basis points to 16.3%, primarily on business mix and the impact of FX. Bookings were $560 million, a decrease of 8%, reflecting an organic bookings decline of 2% and a 6% impact from FX. Organically, Printing & Identification bookings were up 3%, while Industrial bookings decreased 5% on softness in Asia and Europe. Book-to-bill for Printing & Identification was 0.98, while Industrial's was 0.93; overall book-to-bill was 0.94. Now, on slide eight. Within Fluids, revenue increased 2% to $352 million and earnings of $70 million, increased 11%. Revenue performance was driven by organic growth of 6% and acquisition growth of 2%, offset by FX. Our fluid transfer businesses benefited from strong demand in global retail fueling markets in ongoing safety and environmental regulations. Pumps results reflect strong shipments of project-related orders and favorable comps. Segment margin of 20%, an increase of 180 basis points, largely reflecting favorable product mix and leverage on volume. Bookings were $334 million, a decrease of 11% overall, or 9% organically. This result primarily reflects softness in our oil and gas related markets within pumps and the timing of project-related orders. Book to bill was 0.95. Now, let's turn to slide nine. Refrigeration & Food Equipment's revenue of $448 million, declined 14% from the prior year. Earnings decreased 23% to $66 million. Revenue performance was impacted by reduced volume from a key retail refrigeration customer, as well as lower than expected shipments to other retail customers. Also impacting results were tough comps in our can shaping business. Operating margin was 14.7%, a 160 basis point decrease from last year. This result largely reflects reduced volume and product mix. Bookings were $487 million, a decrease of 10%, principally reflecting slower than anticipated order activity from our core refrigeration customers, partially offset by robust food equipment orders. Book to bill was 1.09, supporting an anticipated better second half. Going to the overview, now, on slide 10. Second quarter net interest expense was $32 million. Corporate expense was $20 million, down $9 million from last year reflecting broad cost management initiatives and reduced compensation expense. Our second quarter tax rate was 29.3%. Capital expenditures were $44 million in the quarter. Lastly, in the quarter, we repurchased 4 million shares for $300 million and have repurchased 500 million year-to-date. As previously communicated, we expect to repurchase a total of 600 million this year. Moving to slide 11, which shows our full-year guidance. We now expect year-over-year revenue to be down 8% to 9%. We expect organic revenue to decrease 7% to 8%. Completed acquisitions will add approximately 3%. We continue to expect the impact to FX to be approximately 4%. Of note, segment margin is expected to be between 16.1% and 16.4%, excluding restructuring costs. Our full-year corporate expense forecast is down $9 million to $116 million, reflecting flow-through of the second quarter reductions. Interest expense should remain around $127 million. We continue to expect the full-year tax rate to be approximately 29%. CapEx remains at approximately 2.3% of revenue, and our full-year free cash flow will be around 11% of revenue. From a segment perspective, Energy's full-year organic revenue forecast is now negative 31% to 32%, a reduction of around 6 points from our prior guidance. Within this estimate, all three end markets have been revised downward to reflect general North American market conditions. Refrigeration & Food Equipment's organic revenue forecast is now expected to be negative 6% to 8%, a reduction of 5 points, reflecting slower customer volume in retail refrigeration. Engineered Systems and Fluid growth rates had both been trimmed 1 point off the top end for reasons previously outlined. Turning to the bridge on slide 12. We now expect the year-over-year impact of restructuring cost to be negative $0.02 to flat. Lower performance largely driven by volume declines, partially offset by productivity and restructuring benefits, will reduce earnings $0.92 to $1. Within this estimate are restructuring benefits of $0.36 to $0.38. Acquisitions already completed will be $0.02 to $0.04 accretive. Share reduction will add $0.20 to $0.21. Interest, corporate and the tax rate will be in the range of $0.01 to $0.03 benefit. In total, we now expect 2015 EPS to be $3.75 to $3.90 inclusive of $0.17 to $0.19 of restructuring costs. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob for some final thoughts.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Brad. We clearly have faced some tough market conditions in the first half which will largely continue for the balance of the year. Our teams have managed well through this environment, and I'm confident they'll continue to do so. As I look forward, I see opportunities for improvement at each segment, which should result in better performance in the back half of the year and into 2016. For example, within Energy, I expect drilling destocking to dissipate. We are also aggressively pursuing share gains and expanding our international presence. I am pleased we've been able to grow our share in select product categories over the last year in the face of tough markets, and that we are actively bidding on many international tenders. I expect Engineered Systems to show growth in both platforms and I'm encouraged by a big recent win for waste hauling equipment, as well as a large Navy contract we just secured. Fluids has demonstrated very solid growth in fluid transfer, which should continue. On the pumps side, we continue to grow in international markets as evidenced by an important plastics order we were just awarded in China. And lastly, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, I anticipate a better second half on improved order activity at Hillphoenix. Our food equipment businesses will also have an improved second half, boosted by stronger project shipments and new equipment rollouts for a couple of key restaurant customers. With our strong free cash flow and the strength of our balance sheet, we have significant capacity to strengthen and build our position within our growth spaces, and I expect us to complete some acquisitions in the back half of the year. With that, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. With that, Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Bob. Before we take questions, I just want to remind everybody, as a courtesy, if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we'll be able to take more questions from more analysts. And with that, Maria, can we have the first question?
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan of UBS.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Bob, I guess I'll start with this bottom/inflection point in drilling. I mean, maybe a little bit color on what you're seeing there and are we just seeing kind of an end of the bleeding? Or do you actually see something you like there?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Gosh, Shannon. Right now, it's hard to have rosy glasses when you look at our activity in the energy market. Rig count continued to decline during the second quarter and we track that most closely related to our drilling business, our insert business for drill bits. And we saw the low point in the quarter in the first half of June. The second half of June was up about 10% or 12% over the first two weeks of June. And I would share with you that the order activity in July is up, so far, just month-to-date, is up about 15% above what we saw in May and June. Shannon, I don't – I'm not attributing that to a market recovery. It does reflect what I believe is the coming to the end of the destocking activity we've experienced with many of our customers.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then on the cost side, why was there only $3 million of restructuring this quarter in Energy? I would have thought – I mean, last quarter there was, I think, $18 million; you said you're going to do $6 million to $7 million next quarter. Was there a reason that there was a little bit of a lull, I would think – I would have thought it would have been pretty intense restructuring in the quarter?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I would tell you – I think there would be some people within energy that would tell you that there was some intense restructuring, it just didn't cost as much as what we're going to experience in the second half. Brad is going to have to help me here with an exact number, but I think head count was reduced in energy by almost 400 folks in the second quarter. And there just wasn't a lot of restructuring cost associated with those employee reductions. Second half of the year, I think embedded in our guidance is about $15 million of restructuring costs.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Total for the corporation.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, for the corporation. And probably two-thirds of that is in Energy, Shannon. We continue to whittle away at the cost base.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So it's just how much it's costing to take it out – that's not aligned exactly with the...?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The restructuring in the second quarter did not include assets.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It was all people related.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Got you. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Barclays.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Scott.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Scott.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Can you give us a sense – I didn't see anything in the slides or commentary related to price in the backlog, particularly, in Energy, is there a – have you hit a point now on where folks who've wanted a repricing have got it, and what you see in the backlog is stable price or are we not there yet?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: As soon as I answer the question affirmative, we're going to get another request for another tough discussion with a customer tomorrow, Scott. I believe that the bulk of it is behind us. I think I've shared this on the April call as well as at a couple of conferences that I spoke at during the second quarter that the bulk of the price reduction activity we've experienced in Energy has been in our drilling products as well as our rod products within artificial lift. Not a lot has changed. In our drilling products, it's still going to average for the year about 5%, and that's what we saw in the second quarter. A little bit more aggressive actions that we've taken along with some of the customer demands in rods, and that's probably averaging about 10%. Don't see it being much different during the second half of the year. And the net impact for the segment for the entire year, I would tell you it's still within the range we've been sharing with you for the past couple of calls, which is 3% to 6%, 4% to 6% in that range.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Understood. And on corporate expense, it's down $9 million year-over-year. Is that – could you give us a sense of how much of that is lower bonus accruals and how much of that is kind of real cost-out?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, yeah. I'll take that question. I guess, Scott, about half of that is us reaching a threshold on our revised guidance whereby the long-term plans won't pay out. And so think about it as half is comp-related; the other half, about 50% of that is real cost takeout. So I would say that's related to our functional cost initiatives around reducing the corporate overhead. And then, we have miscellaneous and other stuff that normally happens in any given quarter comprise the remaining piece of that balance.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Okay. That's it. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Steve Tusa.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hi, Steve.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The restructuring dynamics in Energy. Could you maybe just remind us of what the expectation is? What you spent this year? What you expect to book this year in savings? And then, what the carryover is into next year? I think that's kind of an important piece, obviously, in being optimistic about next year.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. I'm going to let Brad tackle that one.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Let me start and then you could follow on if I don't hit all those questions. So we're saying $40 million to $45 million total corporation this year in restructuring charges, $0.16 to $0.19 range. Of that amount, we're looking at $27 million to $30 million of that being in the Energy. In terms of the benefits, we continue to see – by the way, I'll just make mention of this now that, as we continue to work through our restructuring, our benefit estimates have actually come up a little bit since our last forecast, just more confidence around that benefit number. But in terms of Energy, I pointed out in my prepared remarks that we expect to take $90 million of cost out this year. Steve, there's two pieces to that: there's a piece that's funded through restructuring; there's a piece that's just day-to-day initiatives around structure that doesn't cost us effort – costs us money, I should say, cost a lot of effort, but money. And so Energy will take $90 million out. The run rate on that, obviously, is much more significant. For the total corporation, I would say we're on restructuring. Now, I'm going to go back to just the restructuring piece, $90 million to $95 million of benefits, the run rate will be more like $130 million to $140 million going into next year on those actions.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And of the $90 million, how much is actually from the restructuring?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The $90 million in Energy you're referring to?
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So about $60 million to $65 million.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: $65 million. Yeah.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then I...
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The rest coming through real initiatives around just cutting back the spend levels that – we expect some of that to be permanent.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And lower product cost.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. And I think you said last quarter there were $30 million of temp stuff. Is that still kind of – I guess, that's what that implies, that's still kind of the number. But you're making that sound like it's a bit more structural perhaps now.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't think that number has changed much now.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then one last quick question just on Refrigeration & Food. The margin has been down in the first couple quarters here. What do you see there for the year? Is there – I know your volumes maybe return a little bit in the second half, what margin are you expecting in that business for the year?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Gosh. For the entire year, at least 13.5%. It may push 14%, Steve.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: In Refrigeration & Food?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In that segment, yes.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I mean, that's a huge, I think, bump-up from – I know you had restructuring in the fourth quarter, but, I mean, that's definitely a hill to climb in the second half.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me give you a little bit of color on anticipated second half margins for Dover...
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...which I think would be helpful for everyone to understand. As we look at the second half, we are anticipating operating margins to be up about 250 basis points over the first half. Steve, the bulk of that goes back to your first question. About 150 bps of the 250 bps improvement we're seeing in the second half is the recognition of increased benefits of restructuring and lower restructuring cost versus the first half, and about 30 bps of improvement in the second half from what I would just label as normal productivity initiatives. And then...
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...some improvement in margins from increased volume. We are looking at volume in the second half to be up. I think it's about $130 million over the first half. And we'll see some increased margin activity from that increased volume.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Keep in mind the discussion that Bob – the numbers he has given you is all to the high end of our guide range, just to be clear.
C. Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks for all the color. It's great to have all these details, and thanks for trying to make a call on some of the stuff that's incredibly fluid over the last couple of quarters. All the detail is very helpful, so thanks.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. Hey, just a couple others, thinking about this back half, you had previously been pretty explicit about how you thought Energy would exit the year. Could you give us that granularity? Also what's embedded in your guide?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The second half guidance – second half forecast on Energy – second half versus first half, Jeff, the revenue is down $40 million, but the second half run rate is fairly consistent with the second quarter. Obviously, that said, that means that the first quarter will be the high quarter of the year for Energy. Three months ago, I truly did anticipate that we would exit the year with a 20% margin in Energy. I still think this business is a 20% margin business. We're just not going to see it in the fourth quarter, not with the volume that we're anticipating now. I think the number we have in our forecast for a fourth quarter exit rate is 15% or 15.5% margins.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: I wonder if you could actually address that kind of earnings power comment in a sense. I mean, it seems as if there is, in fact, some very significant changes going on in the market and how people are approaching fracing, kind of the geological services that Schlumberger and Halliburton are offering to drive the business. It would seem that you're not particularly well equipped to compete with that. I just wonder how you respond to that. Is there things that you need to do with your portfolio? And is there some impairment in the margin rate of this business kind of normalized going forward relative to what you saw historically?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, let me start first by saying we're not really a participant. I shouldn't even use the qualifier, not really. We are not a participant in the fracing market. We'll participate in the drilling activity with the inserts and we'll participate once the well has been fraced. We will participate with whatever technology of artificial lift is appropriate for that well. But in the pure fracing application, that's just not something we participate in.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Yeah. I was thinking more along the lines as they get better and better at re-fracing, we're doing less drilling and therefore...
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We're still in the early days of seeing this re-fracing application here in North America. Look, you re-frac, you've got to pull the gear out of that well. And we believe there is an opportunity for us as that gear, as that system comes out or either if it's been downhole a short period of time, a year or so, maybe two years, there's an opportunity for us on the downhole pump, either a service, a repair, a rebuild or a new pump. If it's a rather new well, it would be unusual for the rod strings that need to be replaced. But if it's an older well, we think there's an opportunity that some of these well operators may take and actually replace the entire rod string. It really does depend on the characteristics of that individual well.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And then just one follow-on on the restructuring, the paybacks are really phenomenal. So $40 million to $45 million in spend is driving $90 million to $95 million in benefit, and I heard run rate $130 million. I'm just wondering if you could...
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, $130 million to $140 million. Yes.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: So do you have to get into a heavier level of restructuring, so that I think you've – I guess what this implies is you've taken out people in places where they're not unionized and you just let them go and there's not a lot of severance and the like, but you need to actually adjust your footprints and get into some more costly heavier restructuring.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. You saw us take some steps – let's see, did we do this in the fourth quarter? For sure, we did it in our first quarter. You saw us take some steps in our first quarter with respect to footprint consolidation. And, my goodness, I don't remember how many field locations were actually removed during our first quarter. I mean – but double-digit number of field locations. And with that, you see a little bit of our charge activity related to some asset charges. In the second half of the year, within Energy, you'll see a little bit more activity around, I call it, footprint consolidation.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Deane.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey. Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: On the refrigeration side, when you talk about the slowly to develop replacement activity, I presume that's what you were trying to fill the hole in the lost Walmart business.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Correct.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: So did you miss out on orders from those customers, like not get that share or are the customers just not ordering?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We don't believe we've missed out on any orders that we had planned for the second quarter. We have seen that activity shift to the right. I'll give you a little color on that, Deane. April order activity wasn't that bad. In fact, it was probably similar to, or maybe even slightly above March activity, as we exited the first quarter. May was a surprise. I don't remember the exact numbers at Hillphoenix, but May order activity may have been down as much as 15% or 20% – 15% from March and April. June came back very strong. In fact, it was not only strong at Hillphoenix, the bookings for the segment in June were the highest monthly bookings we've seen in the last 18 months or 24 months. It was a very, very strong June. And order activity here in the first few weeks of July is quite supportive of our third quarter forecast.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great. Thank you. And then just – could you clarify, in the negative preannouncement, you talked about the oil and gas pump market being particularly weak, can you just flesh out that? What exactly did you see, pricing, competitive dynamics? Just anything you could share would be helpful.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. There may have been a little bit of pricing. I wouldn't say there was much difference in competitive dynamics. It was all attributable to the continuing decline in the North America oil and gas market, especially upstream. And I would say we saw a little bit more distributor inventory management in the second quarter than we would have anticipated.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Inventory management by distributors, that isn't destocking?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Destocking by distributors.
Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. That was the word I was looking for. Thank you.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Next question?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Obviously, you covered a lot of ground already. There's obviously a little...
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're going to cover a lot more with you, Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I really just want to dig into some points already covered. And the payback, the first $0.02 to $0.08 (40:51) of payback in your bridge, obviously, you had quite a heavy 4Q restructuring quarter as well. So I'm wondering how much of that is coming from the 4Q restructuring actions rolling forward into 2015, i.e., how much have you already realized in the first half?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. I would – okay, you're asking how much is the benefits first half versus second half of this $90 million to $94 million we're talking about?
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I would say in the first half we've seen about $30 million to $32 million of the benefits roll through second quarter, significantly better than first quarter in terms of benefit profile. And then, obviously, the back half gives us the remaining piece with it building sequentially through the year and into next year, Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And that's within – that's for the whole of Dover, not just Energy, correct?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's for the whole of Dover. Yes.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, great. That's very helpful.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I would say Energy is similar, very similar profile, building sequentially into 2016 with the first quarter being only about $4 million, $5 million of benefits, and then the rest really picking up pace in the second, third, and fourth quarters.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. No, that's helpful. It helps explain the way that it rolls forward.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Let me just reiterate what Bob said. The back half margin profile versus first half is up 250 basis points. 150 basis points of that really is coming from reduced – right now in our forecast, reduced spending level on restructuring and better benefits.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. Okay. And then, the second part of my question is, I think, Bob, you mentioned the second half Energy revenue is similar to the 2Q run rate. And in the past you've said, you expected 2Q to be the trough on Energy revenues. So it sounds like 3Q might be the trough. So if you just clarify that point and then second...
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, actually – I used a phrase or the script or (43:03) similar, I will tell you that we do anticipate a very slight improvement in Energy revenues in the third quarter and the fourth quarter over the second quarter. And, Nigel, the only difference is we do expect a better revenue profile out of our drilling insert business in the second half of the year versus the second quarter, because we do believe that the destocking by the drill bit customers is almost complete.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And recognizing...
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That truly is the only change in the second half versus the...
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...second quarter, is a little bit of an uptick in our insert business both from destocking – but I will also tell you that some of the increased order activity we saw in the second half of June and that we're continuing to see here in July is the result of new products and some new technology that we've delivered to some customers, and the take-up has been rather significant on the new products.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That...
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I will add another bit of color, take the opportunity to do it now. I think in my prepared comments I shared with you the activity we're engaged in with respect to international tenders. We are bidding on and tracking, actively tracking, almost 50 international tenders as we sit here today. The timing of the awards and the actual award amount is a bit uncertain. None of those tenders, none of those tender awards that we could win are included in our second half forecast.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's encouraging. Any way to try and size the impact of the inventory headwinds that you had in the first half of the year, in particular the second quarter?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It's hard to tell. I mean, it's – all I can give you is some data points. So, for example, if I compare second quarter 2015 to second quarter 2014 year-over-year, the rig count decline was 55% here in the U.S., I'm ignoring Canada. Here, in the U.S., the rig count decline was 55%. Our revenue decline in our insert business was almost 70%. It was that significant, Nigel. Now, that 15 point delta between the rig count decline and our revenue decline, I would say perhaps 4 points or 5 points could be attributable to price. The rest of it – at least 10 points, at least $40 million or $50 million is attributable to destocking.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Joe.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Good morning, Joe.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: On the Fluids segment, you've talked about an organic growth guide of 5% to 6%. It seems like that's going to imply a bit of an acceleration in the second half on similar comps, and the order trends in the first half were pretty negative. So I'm just trying to understand what the offset is that's driving the confidence and the excellence in the second half.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So organic growth in the first half was 4% for Fluids. We're looking at 5% to 6% for the year. The low point was actually quarter one. Quarter three should look very similar to quarter two. And quarter four may be a little bit better than quarter one. It's how the waterfall looks.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And is there any...
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: We do see a little bit of improvement in the FX hit in the second half of the year.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. But is there anything underlying? It seems like you called out oil and gas softening a little bit within the Fluids segment. So I'm just wondering if there is other end markets that you guys saw some improvement in as we were exiting June or into July. I'm just trying to get a sense for what the underlying trends are.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay. Again, I think I shared this data point with the callers on the April call. About 10% of this segment's business base is connected to upstream oil and gas that was weaker in the second quarter than the first quarter and it was weaker in the second quarter than we anticipated. It's not 30% of the Fluids segment. It's only about 10%. Order rates, I would tell you that outside of oil and gas, order rates around the segment were pretty solid with the exception being oil and gas, and the absence of some larger project orders that we would have – that we did have in our order book in the second quarter of last year. We do anticipate some project wins here in the second half.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Okay, great. And then maybe my one follow-up is, Bob, you mentioned earlier that there were several bolt-on acquisitions that you're working on potentially that could close in the second half of the year. I'm just wondering if you could just provide some more color on potentially size of the acquisitions and what segments you're looking to bolt-on in?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, the sizes are, my goodness, anywhere from – I don't know, the smallest one could be under $20 million; the largest one could be, I don't know, of $300 million or $400 million. And which segments? I think that you'd see the bulk of them in Fluids.
Joseph A. Ritchie - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks a lot. Just on...
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Just on Refrigeration & Food. I guess one sort of shorter-term question just around food equipment, seems that was down sort of high-teens in the first half; maybe just explain a little bit what's going on in the market and your own share position. And then, just more broadly, longer-term, on the segment in aggregate, how you feel about the positioning of where you are in different pieces within it in terms of the ability to drive decent earnings growth from here?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Let me take food equipment platform first or market sector first. Second half will be quite different than the first half. I would say, in the first half, most notably true in the second quarter, we saw a real absence of what I call the projectivity with our can-making equipment. We see that picking up in the second half. And we have the orders in our backlog to support that forecast. Organic growth in food equipment in the first half was 19% negative – I'm sorry, 14% negative. In the second half, it's a positive 9%. That's how much of a true change there is within this platform from first half to second half. A big boost in the second half is the rollout. We are currently engaged in right now with two key customers on some restaurant equipment and that will have a rather significant impact on the growth rates in the second half.
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I would add – to reiterate what you said, Bob, we have good line of sight in the second half of the food equipment.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Very good line of sight, yes. Second half versus first half in the refrigeration piece of the segment, what is the revenue growth? I think first half – second half over first half, the revenue growth in that part of the segment is – I think it's $50 million. And given the backlog that we ended the quarter with, given the order rates that we saw in June and the activity we're seeing here in July, I will tell you that our third quarter factory load is pretty solid to support that forecast, and we have lowered our expectations for the year. I think we have set a bar that we can hit here for the second half of the year in this segment.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thanks. And then just to follow-up on Fluids again, how much of your second half sales are in your backlog today?
Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Oh, Gosh. I don't have that number. Let's see. For the whole segment, it's pretty much, I would say, 75% of our revenue, maybe even 80% of our revenue in this segment I would label as quick ship type of sales. The project business may only account for 15% or 20%. And we're fairly comfortable with the order rates continuing in the second half that we've seen here over the last two months or three months. And the project revenue forecast we have in the second half, I think with the exception of one project, we actually have on our order book today.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Operator: . Our final question will come from the line of Mig Dobre of Robert Baird.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Good morning, guys. A lot have been covered, so I just have one question. Maybe some color on your automation business and Energy. My understanding has always been that that's a, call it, stabler business, if you would, compared to your drilling business and yet we've seen a pretty big sequential downtick there. How should we think about this business in the back half?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The back half – Brad, you'll have to help me here with this detail. But I think the back half – the second half of the year is fairly consistent, similar with the revenue stream we saw in the second quarter. It is down from the first quarter run rate.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): But is it fair for me to think of this business as being inherently more stable than the production business?
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Parts of it would be, but don't lose sight of the fact that there is, oh, Gosh, 20% – there's 20% of the automation business, maybe a little bit more than that, Brad, at least 20% of the automation business that would be connected to more of the drilling activity than well completion and production monitoring.
Mig Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): I see. Okay. Thanks for the color.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. That does conclude our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Robert A. Livingston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Maria. This concludes our conference call. With that, we thank you, as always, for your continued interest in Dover. And we look forward to speaking to you again after the third quarter. Have a good day. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's second quarter 2015 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Livingston - President and CEO Brad Cerepak - Senior Vice President and CFO Paul Goldberg - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Andrew Obin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Winoker - Bernstein Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Jonathan Wright - Nomura Securities Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Nathan Jones - Stifel Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Deane Dray - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the First Quarter 2015 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, [Nancy] [ph]. Good morning. And welcome to Dover’s first quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s first quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with an update of our 2015 outlook. We will then open the call up for some questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement, and associated presentation, can be found on our website, dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 5th and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is (800) 585-8367 and when accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 19194889. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statements. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We also would direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found on Dover. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our businesses continue to perform well against the backdrop of significant headwinds in our Energy-related markets, as well as the increasing FX impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar and slower than expected activity in our core retail Refrigeration markets. These headwinds caused our first quarter results to be below our expectations. We continued to take aggressive restructuring actions to better align our costs to anticipated demand, just as we did in the fourth quarter. From a geographic perspective, our non-Energy related U.S. markets moderated, while Europe and Asia were solid. Excluding U.S. Energy markets all regions grew in a quarter. Now let me share some specific comments on the quarter. In Energy, our drilling and production businesses were significantly impacted by a sharper than anticipated decline in the North American oil and gas markets, resulting in customer destocking and lower order activity. In response, we took restructuring actions during the quarter to better align our cost base and we will continue to pursue appropriate cost reductions going forward. In Engineered Systems, we achieved solid organic growth across both platforms. Within printing and identification, our businesses performed very well globally. The industrial platform achieved broad based organic growth lead by continued solid results in our waste handling and auto-related businesses. Our Fluids segment once again performed well. We are continuing strong market conditions for fluid transfer products were primary driver. The majority of our pump markets remained solid. Though, year-over-year comps were impacted by strong project shipments in the first quarter of last year. The Refrigeration & Food Equipment market has remained stable. We expected a slow start to the year based on reduced activity from a key retail Refrigeration customer and volume from other customers has been slower to develop than anticipated. We expect overall customer activity to pick up in the back half of the year. Additionally, our glass door business has remained strong. Our acquisition pipeline rebuilt nicely in the first quarter and is now quite robust. And I am optimistic that we will close on several acquisitions in the back half of the year. In addition, we completed the sale of the business in the first quarter for $185 million and also announced the agreement to sell another for $500 million. We will use the deal proceeds to complete our previously announced $600 million of share repurchases in 2015. Now let me address our revised outlook for the year, which is largely unchanged for Engineered Systems and Fluids except for FX. Their markets have remained healthy and we expect them to have solid growth in 2015. As you would expect, North American Energy fundamentals are having the biggest impact on our forecast. As a result, we expect significantly lower revenue in our drilling and production businesses. Several of our other businesses in our Energy segment are less expose to upstream oil and gas activity, and thus have been less impacted than our drilling and production businesses. Overall, we expect the second quarter to be the lowest revenue quarter of the year for Energy. In Engineered Systems we anticipate continued growth in our industrial platform and strong results in printing and identification driven by new product introductions and positive market dynamics, largely offset by increased FX headwinds. Regarding Fluids, we believe the solid global markets will continue for fluid transfer and most of our pumped businesses. Our expectations are supported by ongoing safety and environmental regulations, a positive retail and fueling environment and new pumped product introductions partially offset by the impact of FX. And lastly, within Refrigeration & Food Equipment, we now expect a tougher year driven by lower order activity for our cases and systems. We do expect our glass door, heat exchanger and commercial food equipment businesses to perform well and help mitigate the previously mentioned softness. With that, let met turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let’s start on slide three of our presentation deck. Today, we reported first quarter revenue of $1.7 billion, a decrease of 5%. This result was comprised of an organic revenue decline of 6%, growth from acquisitions of 5%, and an FX headwind of 4%. EPS was $0.72, including $0.10 of restructuring. Segment margin for the quarter was 13.5%, 340 basis points below last year. Adjusting for restructuring and normal acquisition purchase accounting cost, our overall margin was 15.5%. Bookings decreased 11% over the prior year to $1.7 billion, reflecting weak energy macros, softer orders rates in refrigeration and FX impacts. Overall book-to-bill finished at 1.02. Our backlog decreased 13% to $1.2 billion. Free cash flow was strong at $103 million for the quarter or 6% of revenue. For the full year, we expect to generate free cash flow of approximately 11% of revenue. Now let’s turn to slide four. Engineered Systems grew organic revenue 6% with broad-based growth in both platforms. Fluids grew 2% benefiting from solid fluid transfer markets, partially offset by tough comps connected to a larger order shipped last year. Refrigeration & Food Equipment’s organic revenue declined 7% on tough comps in retail refrigeration and can shaping equipment. As discussed on previous calls, the can shaping business can’t be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but the market remains solid overall. Weak macros in Energy drove organic revenue down 24%. Acquisition growth in the quarter was 5%, comprised of 15% in Energy, 2% in Fluids, and 1% in Engineered Systems. FX impacted to total company by 4% as seen on the chart. Turning to slide five in our sequential results. Revenue decreased 13% from the fourth quarter primarily reflecting weak drilling and production markets, softer retail refrigeration activity, impact of FX, and the timing of pump shipments. Overall Energy decreased 22%, Refrigeration & Food Equipment decreased 19% coming off a strong fourth quarter, Fluids was down 10%, and Engineered Systems declined 3%. Sequential bookings decreased 7%. Of note, Energy declined 22% on weak market fundamentals. Engineered Systems was down 8%, principally driven by tough comps in waste handling. Refrigeration & Food Equipment seasonally increased 14%, although less than anticipated. Now moving on to slide six. Energy revenue of $430 million decreased 10% and earnings of $52 million decreased 56% from last year. Excluding the combined $29 million impact of Q1 restructuring and purchase accounting cost, earnings decreased 32%. Energy’s results were significantly impacted by a steeper and broader deterioration of the North American oil and gas markets than previously forecasted. The result was reduced E&P CapEx spending and significant customer destocking, most notably in our North American drilling and production markets. Solid activity in compression winches ESPs and international markets helped to partially offset challenges in our business. We took additional restructuring actions in the first quarter to better align our cost. Over the last two quarters we have incurred approximately $25 million in charges in our Energy segment. These actions will provide $45 million in benefits this year. In addition, we have taken other cost reduction actions, which should provide an incremental $30 million in savings. Excluding the Q1 restructuring and purchase accounting cost, our adjusted operating margin was 18.8%, reflecting lower volume and modest price declines, offset by the benefits of productivity and prior period restructuring. Bookings were $417 million, a decrease of 13% from the prior year. Book-to-bill was 0.97. Turning to slide seven. Engineered Systems had another solid quarter, where total revenue of $573 million was up 1% overall, earnings of $88 million increased 6%. Our Printing and Identification platform revenue of $230 million decreased 1% overall. Of note, organic revenue grew 8% but was offset by significant FX headwinds. These results were driven by continued strong digital printing activity and solid global markets in our core printing and coding business. In the Industrial platform, revenue grew 2% to $343 million including organic growth of 4% offset by FX headwinds. Revenue growth continued to be particularly strong in our waste handling business. Margin was up 70 basis points to 15.4% on volume leverage and productivity. A one-time insurance recovery of $4 million largely offset incremental restructuring charges in the quarter. Bookings were $573 million, a decrease of 8% reflecting an organic bookings decline of 3% and 6% impact from FX. Our Printing & Identification bookings deceased 6% to $236 million. However, adjusting for FX, organic bookings were up 3%.Industrial bookings decreased 9% to $337 million, largely reflecting impact of order timing and waste handing and softer markets in a hydraulic cylinder business. Book-to-bill for Printing & Identification was 1.02, while Industrials was 0.98. Overall, book-to-bill was 1. Now moving to slide eight. Within Fluids revenue decreased 1% to $340 million and earnings of $55 million declined 6%. Revenue performance was driven by organic growth of 2% and acquisition growth of 2% offset by FX headwinds. Our Fluid Transfer businesses continue to benefit from strong demand in global retail fueling markets and ongoing safety and environmental regulations. Pumps results were primarily impacted by the timing of large shipments to customers in the plastic and polymers markets. Segment margin was 16.1%, a decrease of 70 basis points largely reflecting product mix. Bookings were $339 million, a decrease of 7%, primarily reflecting the timing of project-related orders within pumps, partially offset by solid fluid transfer markets. Book-to-bill was 1. Now let’s turn to slide nine. Refrigeration & Food Equipment’s revenue of $372 million declined 10% from the prior year. Earnings decreased 19% to $36 million. Revenue performance in the quarter was essentially as expected. Our results were largely driven by reduced order activity for refrigeration systems and cases by a key retail customer, which offset solid heat exchanger in commercial Food Equipment activity. Operating margin was 9.7%, a 120 basis point decrease from last year. This result largely reflects reduced volume and product mix. Bookings were $420 million, a decrease of 15%, principally reflecting slower and anticipated order activity from our core Refrigeration customers. Book-to-bill was 1.13. Going to the overview slide number 10. First quarter net interest expense was $32 million, in line with our forecast. Corporate expense was $35 million, up $4 million from last year and consistent with expectations. Our first quarter tax rate was approximately 29%, essentially in line with our revised full year forecast. Capital expenditures were $28 million in the quarter. Lastly in the quarter, we repurchased 2.8 million shares for $200 million. As previously communicated, we will repurchase a total of $600 million in shares this year. Now onto slide 11, which is an update on Energy. We now expect full year revenue for Energy to decline 16% to 18%, a reduction of about 10 points from our prior forecast or about $200 million in revenue with organic revenue declining 24% to 26%. The biggest changes in our Drilling & Production in automation markets and although less exposed, our Bearings and Compression forecast has also been revised to reflect general energy market conditions. Moving onto slide 12, which shows our full year guidance. We now expect full year revenue to be down 4% to 6%. Our expected organic revenue will decrease 2% to 4%. Completed acquisitions will add approximately 2%. We now expect the total impact of FX to be approximately a 4% headwind. Segment margin is estimated to be between 16.8% and 17.3%, excluding restructuring costs. Corporate expense remains at approximately $125 million and interest expense should be around $127 million. We now expect full year normalized tax rate to be approximately 29%. CapEx should be about 2.3% of revenue and our full year free cash flow will be approximately 11% of revenue. From a segment perspective, Energy’s full year organic revenue forecast has been reduced to a negative 24% to 26%. Refrigeration & Food Equipment’s organic revenue forecast is now expected to be negative 1% to 3%. Energy Systems, Engineered Systems and Fluid organic forecasts are essentially unchanged. Turning to 2015 bridge on slide 13. In 2015, we now expect the year-over-year impact of restructuring costs to be a $0.01 impact to a $0.02 benefit. Performance largely driven by volume but also including items such as price, productivity and restructuring benefits will reduce earnings $0.47 to $0.58. Within this estimate, our restructuring benefits of $0.31 to $0.33. The benefit of acquisitions already completed will be core to success. Shares will provide $0.23 to $0.24 based on an estimate of $600 million and repurchases in 2015 and the carryover impact of our 2014 repurchases. Interest, corporate, and the tax rate will be in the range of a $0.02 impact to a $0.01 benefit. In total, we now expect EPS to be $4.20 to $4.40, inclusive of $0.15 to $0.18 of restructuring costs. Incremental $0.05 to $0.08 of restructuring costs will mostly impact the second quarter. Regarding the second quarter, we expect revenue to be up 7% to 9% sequentially, largely driven by a seasonal increase in Refrigeration & Food Equipment and a sequential decline in Energy. With that, I will turn the call back over to Bob for some final comments.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. Overall, I’m pleased with the way our company’s performed in the first quarter in the phase of tough markets. We continue to focus on lean and productivity initiatives across the organization. Through all of our actions, we have better positioned over for both our current demand environment and for margin enhancement over the longer term. With our strong free cash flow and the strength of our balance sheet, we have significant capacity to strengthen and build our position within our growth spaces. We remain focused on growth investment, as well as investment and productivity initiatives, including supply chain optimization and shared infrastructure. As I look beyond the current environment in Energy, I’m excited about Dover’s position. We have structurally improved our cost base while at the same time, continued to invest in product development and innovation. These internal initiatives when combined with value-creating acquisitions give me confidence that we will not only leverage volume improvements but also deliver very strong performance. With that, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. And Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. At this point, I would like to remind all our listeners to limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, so we can get more people in the queue. And with that, Angie, if we can have our first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning and thanks for detail around the energy markets.
Bob Livingston: Good morning to you, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Good morning. So, Brad, you provided some color on 2Q sales, which is helpful but any interesting to call out in terms of the margin and particularly with -- in terms of Energy and also the impact of restructuring payback primarily?
Brad Cerepak: Okay. So, you were asking about -- okay. So Q2 margins -- we really not going to get into a discussion on it. But as far as the year is concerned on Energy, we would see the margins continue improve throughout the year as those restructuring benefits begin to take hold. As we said, Q2 will be impacted by further Energy restructuring costs. By the time we exit, we would expect our decrementals in energy to significantly improve. So the first quarter, the decrementals were about 39%. I would see decrementals into the second quarter slightly higher. Let’s say two points higher than that about 41% on Energy. And then for the year, we would see decrementals on our Energy business slightly below 40. We had previously thought that would be somewhere between 30% and 35%, but you know, Nigel, the steepness of the curve and the downturn has been significant. So getting to cost out and holding to those lower decrementals is a challenge right now.
Nigel Coe: Right, right. Exactly. So I’ll leave energy that I had. I’m sure other people will come back to that. In terms of refrigeration, obviously a lot of your competitors have been calling out it trends well. So I’m just wondering, I understand some of the commentary around the customers but it seems like a general market pause here. So I’m just wondering what is your perspective on what’s causing this pause? What gives you confidence, it’s going to come back and can you maybe just talk about market share as well? Do you feel you hold market share here?
Bob Livingston: Nigel, hi. This is Bob.
Nigel Coe: Hi Bob.
Bob Livingston: I’m going to add -- I'm going to take you question but I’m going to add something to your earlier question on the energy margins. I will tell you that with everything we’re working on with all of the cost takes out that the teams are working on with all of their product development activity that their teams are working on and the opportunities that they think they have in front of them here over the next two to three months, our objective is to exit the year with something very, very close to 20% operating margin. That’s not the second half. I’m saying exit the year. So I’m really speaking to the fourth quarter. And I think we have a lot of confidence not just here with Brad and myself but with the business team leaders that we can do that with an energy. Refrigeration, I’m -- I have been sort of restrained on talking about this over the past year. But I need to take the refrigeration story back to about this time last year, the April-May time last year. And we received notice from Wal-Mart, who has been a very, very significant and good customer for Dover and for Hill PHOENIX and for Anthony for several years that in their global bid, we were not going to participate in their next cycle for their large format stores. That is starting to show up in our first quarter, first half 2015, full year revenue and order activity. Nigel, the impact of that, it’s -- first off, it’s not all of the business that we enjoy and appreciate with Wal-Mart. I think last year we did about $300 million with Wal-Mart. But it does have an impact on this year’s revenue load with Wal-Mart of about $100 million. We have known that since last spring. We were not sure of the timing of the cutover or the transition and we’ve been working pretty feverishly within the business to back fill and to capture additional market share from other national and regional accounts and we feel good with that progress. But the impact in 2015 on a refrigeration segment is about $100 million reduction with Wal-Mart activity and we feel that we have back fill that with about $60 million to $70 million of new business that we have captured year-to-date though it’s not showing up in our order rates.
Nigel Coe: Well, thanks Bob. That’s great color. I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin: Good morning guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning Andrew.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Obin: Just a question on pumps. Just want to understand what these delays have to do. I guess, you mentioned chemicals from the guidance that seems that you guys fully expect to get it back, just would like to get more color here?
Bob Livingston: Okay. First, I wouldn’t use the word delays. Part of the tough comp and I think that’s what you’re referring to in the first quarter is that we had significant project shipments in the first quarter. And if you go back and look at our notes, the notes in the script from last year, I think Brad we may have reported organic growth last year in the first quarter of 12% to 14%. And we told you then it was significantly boosted by project shipments with a couple of our businesses. It sort of -- we went back to -- I think 1% or 2% organic growth rate in the second quarter of last year. And you really have to look at the two quarters as an average to get a feel for the typical run rate for the pumps businesses. You are going to see that again in the first half of this year only it’s flipped. Lower organic growth rates in the first quarter against their tough comp last year. And you’ll see a much higher organic growth rate out of the fluids business and our pumps businesses in the second quarter of this year.
Andrew Obin: Got you. So when you say…
Bob Livingston: It’s simply is just a timing of project shipments. I’m sorry. Yeah.
Andrew Obin: Got you. That makes perfect sense. The other question I had, a lot of companies are sort of talking about this CapEx delays, sort of, global CapEx delays this quarter. Yet if I look at your printing and ID business, it seems to be doing quite well. Can you just talk a little bit more about this dichotomy between CapEx and maybe something more consumer-driven spending that you were seeing?
Brad Cerepak: Well, I think that -- I think you just summarized the difference. I wouldn’t label the bulk of our product -- of our printing and identification business as CapEx. So a piece of it, especially within our digital print business is surely there. But bulk of it being Markem-Imaje, we would not label as typical CapEx spend. It really is an operating expenditure with our customers. We had very strong organic growth in the quarter in that platform 8%. It was across the board with all three businesses. In fact, I think Markem-Imaje, which is obviously our largest business within that platform was 6% organic growth for the quarter. So which -- good quarter and we expect it to continue for the year. We think that’s a very solid business for us for this year.
Andrew Obin: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker of Bernstein.
Steven Winoker: Thanks and good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Steven Winoker: Just on energy, what rig count assumptions are baked into your revised guidance now?
Brad Cerepak: Lower than they are today.
Steven Winoker: Okay.
Brad Cerepak: We have -- let's say as we said here, as we said here in the call, I think the latest data point I have quoting, Steve, I’m quoting a U.S. number. I think as of last week, the U.S. rig count was down to 9.50 or 9.54. While a much, much sharper, steeper decline over the last four months than we anticipated three and four months ago. I don’t know where it’s going to bottom out. I don’t think anybody does. We feel fairly -- we feel very comfortable with forecast we have for energy for this rig count to go a bit lower. I think I will tell you that if the rig count does pierce below the 900 level, we have additional actions that we need to take beyond what we have contemplated so far in the second quarter. And we will take them.
Steven Winoker: Okay.
Brad Cerepak: But our -- we feel comfortable right now with the plan we have -- with the plan we have in place and the actions we’ve taken over the previous two quarters, the actions we’re taking here in the second quarter, we feel pretty comfortable that our businesses are right sized to deal with the 900 level or perhaps a bit lower if it pierces that significantly, we have other actions we need to take.
Steven Winoker: Okay. And then on pricing, we’re hearing from a number of your peers about pricing pressures from both currency as well as of course in energy that are on the way. And how are you guys thinking about it and seeing and dealing with that?
Brad Cerepak: Okay. I have to -- I confess I missed the first part of that question. Can you repeat…
Steven Winoker: I’m asking about pricing pressure that we’re hearing from….
Brad Cerepak: Pricing pressure.
Steven Winoker: …that we’re hearing from your peers…
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Steven Winoker: …about and whether or not you are -- whether or not you are seeing anything yet and even if you’re not, you are anticipating it, how are you dealing with it, both currency and energy driven?
Bob Livingston: Yes. We are experiencing it, and yes, we continue to anticipate it. I think, everyone, all of the supply base and the -- especially here in North America in the oil and gas market has dealt with, I will use the phrase either price pressure to significant price pressure over the last three or four months from especially the important customers, our larger customers, we’ve dealt with it, we deal with it on a -- in an account sometimes even a field-by-field basis. And it is -- the type of discussion we have varies significantly from product line to product line. And the -- in the first three or four months of this year we have seen more engaging discussions and you could interpret engaging as you wish, but we've been incurred more engaging discussions around our PDC inserts in our Sucker Rod products, more so than some of our other products. We do have price concessions still to be negotiated in our forecast for the year. But I think, the experience we had in the first quarter gives us some confident that we can deal with them and still exit the year at a something close to a 20% operating margin for our Energy business. To size this for you, I think, in the in the first quarter it was, Brad, somewhere around 2% for the segment and -- this is not a product commentary, this is a segment number about a 2% price impact for the segment in the first quarter. And for the entire year we are fully prepared to deal with a 3% to 5% price concession and it is in our forecast.
Steven Winoker: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Hey, Bob, you said the second quarter would be the lowest revenue of quarter for Energy, is that sort of the end of destocking or seasonality or any other reason you feel like at the bottom?
Bob Livingston: Yeah. I am going to label it as the destocking impact more than the seasonality of the business, Shannon. I'm -- I would say that for both our PDC inserts, as well as our Sucker Rod business that the destocking we believe we'll see the bulk of the destocking activity occur between February and May. In fact, some of our customers are signaling now pretty strongly that the second quarter will see the end of their stocking activity.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. Great. And then it sounds -- yeah..
Bob Livingston: It’s been insignificant. And I’ll give you one example, Shannon. It's probably been most prevalent within our PDC inserts business. In fact, the first quarter our revenue with our PDC inserts business was down 43%. And I think about two-thirds of that was related to reduce activity in the oil and gas markets here in North America. I think the other one-third was destocking. I think we'll see that continue during the second quarter. But I think by the time we get through the second quarter that we will see the disappearance of the destocking activity in the second half of the year.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then, in terms of capital deployments, you sound pretty optimistic about some deals in the second half of the year. Any color there on sort of magnitude a focus areas of what you are looking at?
Bob Livingston: Well, so you noticed my comment was in the second half of the year, not the second quarter. So, obviously, nothing is close to closing right now, so I'm going to defer any specific color and size comments perhaps until the July call. We are fairly -- we’ve got a fairly active pipeline in three of our four segments, the one being absent is Energy and it's not that we would not be interested in adding to a couple of product areas, especially around automation. But the -- I would say, there’s been a scarcity of attractive properties and businesses that have come to market here in the first four or five months of the year.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Wright with Nomura Securities.
Jonathan Wright: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the call.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Jonathan Wright: Can you just talk me through on restructuring size for Energy? How’s this playbook evolve, can you talk through, what the first place you go to in 4Q, is it way you look to expand that through the course of the year, just closing service facilities, how do you -- where would you go as the sort of downturn evolves?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So you want me to go back to the fourth quarter.
Jonathan Wright: Well, just talk through the, what’s the initial response than incrementally what can you add on to take cost out of the business?
Bob Livingston: So let’s say from the beginning of the fourth quarter through the end of the first quarter headcount reduction within Energy is slightly over a 1000 employees and I don't have the exact number. But I do know it's like 15.5% of our employee base that existed at the beginning of the fourth quarter. In the early days and I would label that as a fourth quarter most of those headcount reductions, I would say, were, well, like not all hourly, but it was really related to reducing output capacity that we were anticipating. So let’s call it variable type of activity. And we’ve seen a much healthier -- heavier load here in the first quarter on SG&A. The one thing we haven't touched yet and I want to emphasize this, I want to emphasize both parts of that statement. We haven’t touched and then yet is product development in R&D. And we have been, I have been, we’ve all been rather moved to reduce the ongoing product development and innovation work we are doing within, within these key businesses. As I mentioned earlier, if we see rig count prepares the 900 level and drops significantly below that, then I would say we start to look at some other cost decisions that up until now I have, we have been reluctant to pursue.
Jonathan Wright: Okay. Great. That was perfect. On the Fluid transfer size, I think sales growth adds, still looking very strong. Is there any risk to OPW from the four O'Neil pricing, some of that railcar business, is there any change in customer behaviour within the Fluid transfer fees?
Bob Livingston: Yes, a little bit, we have. I don't remember now the exact numbers but we actually have taken down our expectations in the second half of the year on our -- both our over the road as well as rail cargo activities that’s related to rail transport. It's not a significant piece of our business. In fact, I would give you this data point for the entire segment, not just fluid transfer. This is for the entire segment of Fluids. About 10% of the Fluids revenue is exposed to let’s see -- I guess the right phrase here is oil and gas oil & gas upstream CapEx activity. And that 10%, it’s about half in North America and about half outside of North America. We have seen a little bit of that decline, especially within our pumps business in the first quarter. We think we’ve had that decline appropriately sized and anticipated for the balance of the year. But even with that, we see strong growth potentials in some of our other markets and verticals. And we’ve got a fairly health organic growth rate, not just for fluid transfer but for the entire segment, for the year. We feel pretty comfortable with this segment.
Jonathan Wright: Thanks. Great. Thank you, Bob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Thank you.
Bob Livingston: Hi Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. You called out mix as a margin headwind in all the segments except Engineered Systems. I guess within Fluids and Refrigeration & Food Equipment in particular, how quickly do you think that mix headwind on margins can reverse?
Bob Livingston: Well. Okay. Let’s deal with it, I guess specifically within Fluids. Brad may be able to size this better than I can. I’m sitting here doing just for recall. But the mix would be yes. The margins were down a bit because of mix. But we are not talking a 150 basis points or anything think like that. I think we are talking maybe 20 or 30 basis points on mix, so it was rather modest. And it will just -- it just work its way through the product line. There is nothing unique or nothing alarming in the first quarter activity.
Julian Mitchell: I think it’s sort of a tough comp.
Bob Livingston: Yeah. It has a lot more to do with the tough comps from the first quarter of last year. But let me give you a commercial or an advertisement here for our performance in Fluids. Margins in the first quarter, I think were 16 in a fraction. Operating margins, we do have in our objective for the year, operating margin for the Fluids segment to be 20%. And we know that’s a tough reach for the business teams. But we believe we will be very, very close to the 20% operating margins for the year. And you are going to see some rather market improvement in margins from the segment, especially in the second and third quarters.
Julian Mitchell: Great. And then just circling back to capital allocation, just the size of what you think you can spend. I mean is it fair to say that you are looking to deploy this year the free cash flow after dividend and the sort of $100 million or so extra from divestment proceeds? So that’s maybe $600 million plus you could use on deals in the second half?
Bob Livingston: Okay. Look, let me just tweak that statement. You should look at the share repurchase activity for this year. And my goodness, we’ve said these six times over the last two quarters that the number will be $600 million. It’s primarily being funded by divestiture of the two businesses that we have announced here in the first quarter, one that’s closed in the first quarter and the second one that will close here sometime in the next few weeks. So that’s really funding the share repurchase activity. So after CapEx and after dividends, we still have a fairly healthy cash flow that’s available for M&A allocation for the balance of the year. And Brad and I will go in a room and arm wrestle as to how much more he allows me to spend if the opportunities present themselves.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Nathan.
Nathan Jones: Who usually wins the arm wrestle?
Brad Cerepak: Bob does.
Bob Livingston: You have to understand. I’m right handed and Brad is left handed. We do arm wrestle with the right hand.
Nathan Jones: Just following on to your answer to Julian’s question that with the 20% targeted margins for Fluids from the year, 16 and a fraction in the first quarter, there looks to be some seasonality in the margins in 2Q and 3Q. But that’s a pretty healthy target. Can you maybe give us some more color on how you get to 20% for the full year?
Bob Livingston: Actually, there is a little bit of seasonality in the Fluids business. We typically see the second and the third quarters being the high revenue quarters for the entire segment and that will hold true again this year. So some of the -- some of it will come from growth and volume leverage, some of it is the increased revenue level we see in the second and third quarter. But here I’ve got -- I have to give credit here to the business team and to our segment leadership team, very, very focused on productivity and cost takeouts as we grow the business. And we are making very good progress there. There is no silver bullet. It’s just a lot of blocking and tackling and good execution on productivity.
Nathan Jones: So you would say then it’s primarily cost out and productivity improvements and that is things that are in your control?
Bob Livingston: Yes. The volume, the organic growth rate for the segment for the year is 5% to 7%. That type of volume on top of our productivity initiatives is a pretty powerful combination.
Nathan Jones: What’s your level of confidence that actually making that? I know you said it was a bit of stretch goal at actually making that 20% for the full year.
Bob Livingston: I feel fairly confident sitting here today.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Fair enough. If we just look at the drilling and production business again here, can you maybe talk about the difference in the pricing pressure at US Synthetic versus the artificial lift businesses given the steep decline in US Synthetic at the moment?
Bob Livingston: Well, it’s easy for me to give you the example for our PVC inserts because for all intends and purposes, it’s a single product business. You get into artificial lift and my goodness is that the product portfolio there is not just very broad from an application point of view, it’s pretty broad from a -- it’s even broader from a product point of view. I did state earlier that up until now we’ve seen the bulk of the price pressure and I’m not saying the bulk of the discussions but the bulk of the price pressure to be most evident around PVCs as well as sucker rods. And I would expect that statement to hold true for the second half as well.
Nathan Jones: Okay. That’s helpful.
Bob Livingston: I really don’t want to talk about the pricing on specific products.
Nathan Jones: Okay. And just a quick one for Brad, is there any of the step-up purchase price accounting left to get through and accelerated in the second quarter?
Brad Cerepak: No. Mostly it’s behind us. Again, this was the inventory turn in the fourth quarter of 2014 into the first quarter. So that’s behind us at this point in time.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Jeff.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Jeff Sprague: Good morning. Just wondering if you could touch based a little bit on the change in automation. And I guess there is a couple threads to my thought, but we’re seeing these stories out of Baker Hughes and others about wells being drilled and not completed and kind of decontenting and the like. Is that what is going on with the automation business? Or is it just simply kind of the first rig count as we’re just catching up with the business?
Bob Livingston: Well, I think it’s both of those items. I see different statistics. The latest one I saw, I think over the weekend was an estimate that perhaps as many of the -- even with the reduced activity environment that we’re in that perhaps as many as 20% of the wells that were drilled in the first quarter are waiting to be completed at some future date. So obviously that has some impact not only on our artificial lift business but also on our automation business. There is a little bit of a detail here that I think is important to understand that there is one product area within our automation portfolio that I would label it as being down-hole. Everything else all over other product offerings and productivity packages and solution offerings are all top of well or field type of automation products and solutions. The one product that is down-hole has probably seen a decline similar to what I shared on the earlier question, similar to what we’ve seen with our PVC inserts, it’s in the 40% range, Jeff.
Brad Cerepak: Clearly, I would add there, Jeff, that we thought this business would be more resilient because of the expectations around productivity at the wellhead and continued completions which …
Bob Livingston: And we still believe that.
Brad Cerepak: And we still believe that and we just think it’s is a bit delayed.
Bob Livingston: We’ll see. It’s with the significant inventory of uncompleted wells. The one thing I will share with you Jeff is that we are not forecasting -- we are not forecasting a sudden surge in the second half of these uncompleted wells coming online to be completed. We have not forecast that with our automation business and we have not forecast that with our artificial lift business.
Jeff Sprague: So that should imply that drilling should fall further, right if people are not going to…
Bob Livingston: No doubt, but I will tell you. Brad made a comment that our energy segment in the second quarter will be the low quarter of the year. And from a revenue perspective, we see a further drop in the second quarter in both drilling activity as well as our artificial lift activity. That said because of the significant amount of destocking, we actually believe we’re becoming convinced that there is going to be a slight recovery. And I emphasize the word and I put it in caps, slight recovery in our drilling activity in the second half of the year. And I think it’s we just look at that as this destocking activity for PDC Inserts. Jeff, I cannot emphasize how significant it has been in the last couple of months. And further destocking anticipated here in the second quarter but we do believe it comes to an end here with the second quarter.
Brad Cerepak: I think it’s been steeper.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Brad Cerepak: And more significant than what we saw during the recession time.
Bob Livingston: Correct.
Brad Cerepak: And then attributable in my mind to this destocking, right.
Jeff Sprague: And just a follow-up back to fluids then?
Bob Livingston: Back to what?
Jeff Sprague: Back to fluids.
Bob Livingston: Fluids, yes.
Jeff Sprague: Yeah. So in December you were guiding margins up 80 to 100 basis points and I’m not sure exactly what the date is, right? There’s a few things moving around but the organic growth, look it’s about the same. Can you just give us a little bit more -- I mean, you always have seasonality, right. I mean, what is that would drive such a step function change in your view on margins and fluid. And is 20% in your guidance or that’s an aspirational target?
Brad Cerepak: I think embedded in our guidance is an execution on margins that is very, very close to the 20% number that I told you is our objective.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. its about of 80 basis point from give or take, 50 to 80 basis points from where we were in the last guide is really driven by -- like Bob said, execution and productivity initiatives. And we did take some restructuring in this segment and have been working on our cost for the last two quarters …
Bob Livingston: Even longer.
Brad Cerepak: ….little bit longer and I think that’s going to show.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Hey, thank you. Good morning, everyone. I know we covered a lot of ground here. Just looking back, Bob, at your comments, I’d be interested in hearing any additional color regarding that last business with Wal-Mart. I know what happened a while ago but you gave us some insight there but maybe just reflect on why did you miss that business? Were there any lessons? And then the new business you’ve got, the $60 million to $70 million with those new customers. And just any kind of color there would be helpful? Thanks.
Bob Livingston: So to put it pretty bluntly, Deane, when we went through -- when our teams went through that global bid exercise and let say that would have been --and oh gosh, second half of ‘13 even though we were not informed of the customer decision until the spring of ‘14. We made a decision we did not want to chase the price down as low as the price was going. It was really that simple. It was not a product decision. It was not a feature decision. It was not a capacity decision and it was not a technology decision. It really was a pricing decision. I want to put this in a broader context here. I’ve shared with you what our objective is as we exit the year on margins for energy and I told you what our objective is for the year on margins for fluids. We continue to make very, very good progress within the businesses and the segment within engineered systems on margin improvement and this has been a significant discussion with the leadership teams within refrigeration and fluid equipment to improve the margins. And you’ll see a little bit of an improvement in margins with refrigeration and fluid equipment this year, I think we have more to do. And I would like to think as we go through. As we go through 2015 and ‘16, you will see us execute on that objective on margin improvements within refrigeration. And at the pricing level that was being offered or I would, maybe more appropriate put it at the pricing level that this order activity, this award was led at, we just found it unattractive.
Deane Dray: That’s really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We’ve already spent a lot of time for questions and answers. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Angie. This concludes our conference call for the first quarter. And with that as always we want to thank you for your continued interest in Dover. And we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good afternoon. Thanks. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s first quarter 2015 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg – Vice President-Investor Relations Robert Livingston – President and Chief Executive Officer Brad Cerepak – Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Scott Davis – Barclays Capital Deane Dray – RBC Capital Markets Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets Joe Ritchie – Goldman Sachs Shannon O’Callaghan – UBS Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse Steve Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein Steve Tusa – J.P. Morgan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 Dover Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Maria. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s fourth quarter earnings call. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s fourth quarter and full-year operating and financial performance, and will follow with an update of our 2015 outlook. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, and associated presentation, can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through January 30 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 60883381. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statements. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. We finish the year with a very strong fourth quarter, achieving solid revenue growth and earnings growth that exceeded expectations. We saw robust topline growth at each segment, led by Energy and Fluids, results again overall growth of 11%, including organic growth of 6%. We also achieved solid volume leverage as three of our four segments improved margin excluding restructuring cost. From a geographic perspective, we saw solid growth in the U.S., Europe and Asia, whereas Latin America continued to be weak. Now let me share some specific comments on the quarter. In Energy, revenue growth was strong as U.S. drilling and production customer activity was as expected. Our recent acquisition accelerated, exceeded our expectations, and the automation and bearings and compression markets were solid. In Engineered Systems, we achieved solid growth across both platforms. Within Printing & Identification, our recent MS acquisition continued to perform well and more than offset European softness in our core printing and coating markets. The Industrial platform achieved strong broad-based growth led by outstanding results in our auto related and waste handling businesses. Our Fluid segment once again performed well. We are continuing robust market conditions for Fluid Transfer products and improved pump markets resulted in organic growth of 9%. Refrigeration and Food Equipment generated very strong revenue growth of 8%, were strong refrigeration performance was supported by shipments of quarter three push-outs. Since the end of the third quarter, we have taken actions to strengthen and position our company for 2015 with a focus on our portfolio and cost reduction. We made a decision to divest Datamax O'Neil and Sargent, which now have been reported as discontinued operations. While both are strong companies, these actions increased our focus on our core growth markets. Also as indicated at our Investor Day in early December, we took decisive actions to adjust our cost and streamline our businesses. We executed well on our restructuring initiatives and completed our planned actions in the fourth quarter. Specific to energy, though U.S. drilling and production revenue and customer activity has been as strong as expected, we have been proactively reducing cost in anticipation of lower customer activity in 2015. Our acquisition pipeline continues to rebuild though no significant deals are eminent. We repurchased 2.7 million shares in the fourth quarter and recently put a new standing authorization in place. Now let me provide our revenue outlook for 2015, which is unchanged from our Investor Day for Engineered Systems, Fluids and Refrigeration and Food Equipment, their markets have remained healthy and we expect them to have solid growth in 2015. As you would expect, the big change to our forecast is in Energy, where the rapid decline in oil prices is significantly impacting energy CapEx spending and U.S. rig counts. As a result, within Energy, we expect lower revenue in our U.S. based drilling and production businesses; however, we continue to expect our international oil and gas activity and our bearings and compression businesses to grow. In Engineered Systems, we anticipate continued growth driven by strong dynamics in our industrial platform and global growth in printing and identification. Regarding Fluids, we believe the solid global markets will continue for our pumps and fluid transfer businesses, supported by increased safety and environmental regulations, a positive retail fueling environment and new product introductions. And lastly, Refrigeration and Food Equipment is expected to grow, driven by our focus on customer service and best-in-class products. We expect to grow our position with many customers in 2015, driven by innovative products like CO2 systems and heat exchangers to name just a few. With that let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Bob. Good morning everyone. Let’s start on Slide 3 of our presentation deck. Today, we reported fourth quarter revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 11%. Organic revenue grew 6% and growth from acquisitions was 7% offset by 2% of FX. Adjusted EPS was $1.01, excluding this free tax benefits. This result includes $0.17 of restructuring and other costs. Segment margin for the quarter was 14.8%, 210 basis points below last year. Adjusting for restructuring and normal acquisition purchase accounting cost, our overall margin was 17.3%. Bookings increased 4% over the prior year to $1.9 billion, led by Energy and Engineered Systems. Overall book-to-bill finished at 0.95. Our backlog was essentially flat at $1.2 billion. Free cash flow was $390 million for the quarter. For the full year, we generated free cash flow of $787 million, 10% of revenue or a 100% conversion of net income. Now turning to Slide 4. All segments grew organically in the quarter. Fluids grew 9% benefiting from solid fluid transfer and pump markets. Refrigeration and Food Equipment driven in part by shipments of Q3 push-outs grew 8%. Engineered Systems grew 5%, with strong growth in the industrial platform. Energy was up 1%. Acquisition growth in the quarter was 7% comprised of 20% in Energy, whereas Engineered Systems grew 4% and Fluids increased 3%. Turning to Slide 5 in our sequential results. Revenue decreased 2% from the third quarter primarily reflecting normal seasonality. Overall Energy grew 8%, while Fluids increased 4%. Engineered Systems was down 3%, while Refrigeration and Food Equipment declined 13%. Sequential bookings decreased 3%, principally reflecting anticipated lower orders in refrigeration and the timing of orders in food equipment. In all, Engineered Systems grew 5% and Energy increased 2% on the strength of acquisitions. Fluids declined 2% and Refrigeration and Food Equipment declined 20%. Now on Slide 6. Energy revenue of $550 million increased 20% and earnings of $105 million decreased 6% from last year. Excluding the combined $90 million impact of Q4 restructuring and purchase accounting cost, earnings increased 11%. Overall as we expected Energy produced a very good quarter. Strong revenue growth in our drilling and production markets was largely driven by acquisitions, the completion of U.S. shale projects and solid Middle East activity. Our Bearings and Compression and automation markets remained modestly positive. We took restructuring actions in the fourth quarter as well as additional actions to align our cost to anticipated market conditions. We remain proactive and now expect to incur restructuring cost in Energy of $13 million to $15 million in the first quarter. When the first quarter actions are complete, we will have reduced our energy headcount by approximately 900 or 14% in total. Excluding the Q4 restructuring and purchase accounting costs, our adjusted operating margin was 22.5%, slightly exceeding our expectations. Bookings were $535 million, a 21% increase over the prior year largely reflecting acquisitions. Organic bookings grew 2%. Book-to-bill was 0.97. Turning to Slide 7. Engineered Systems had another solid quarter, where revenue of $592 million was up 6% and earnings of $93 million increased 7%. Excluding restructuring, earnings improved 11% to $97 million. Our Printing and Identification platform revenue increased 4% to $248 million, primarily driven by strong digital printing results. Organic revenue grew 1% where solid equipment sales were partially offset by a softer Europe. FX was a 6% headwind in this platform in the fourth quarter. In the Industrial platform, revenue grew 8% to $345 million all of which was organic. Revenue growth was broad based with particularly strong performance in our auto related and waste handling businesses. Adjusted margin was up 70 basis points to 16.4% on volume leverage excluding restructuring. Bookings were $623 million, an increase of 11%. Our Printing & Identification bookings increased 6% to $248 million driven by acquisitions earlier in the year and generally solid market conditions. Industrial bookings increased 15% to $374 million reflecting strong broad-based growth. Book-to-bill for Printing & Identification was 1.00, while industrial was 1.09. Overall, book-to-bill was 1.05. Now on Slide 8. Fluids posted a strong quarter where revenue increased 10% to $377 million and earnings of $63 million were up 14%. Excluding restructuring, earnings improved 20% to $66 million. Revenue was driven by organic growth of 9% and acquisition growth of 3%. Our Fluid Transfer businesses benefited from strong demand in global retail fueling markets, increased safety environmental regulations and share gains. Pumps, was driven by healthy chemical markets and new product introductions. Excluding restructuring, adjusted margin was 17.4% an increase of a 140 basis points resulting from strong leverage on volume. Bookings were $346 million, a decrease of 2%, primarily reflecting the timing of project-related orders within pumps. Book-to-bill was 0.92. Now let’s turn to Slide 9. Refrigeration & Food Equipment generated revenue of $459 million, up 8% over the prior year. Excluding restructuring of $25 million, earnings improved 19% to $56 million. Revenue growth was primarily driven by strong refrigeration shipment supported by Q3 push-outs. Excluding restructuring, adjusted operating margin was 12.2%, a 130 basis point improvement from last year. This result largely reflects improved performance in volume leverage. Bookings were $368 million, a decrease of 18%, principally reflecting an anticipated reduction in orders in refrigeration and the timing of orders and food equipment. Book-to-bill was 0.80. Now going to the overview Slide number 10. Fourth quarter net interest expense was $31 million, up $1 million from last year and in-line with our forecast. Corporate expense was $30 consistent with expectations and included a $3.6 million pension settlement charge. Our fourth quarter tax rate was 27.3%, excluding $0.02 of discrete benefits. This rate was lower than in previous forecast and principally impacted by the R&D tax credit and tax benefits related to restructuring actions. Capital Expenditures were $57 million in the quarter. For the full year we invested $166 million or 2.1% of revenue. Lastly, in the quarter, we repurchased 2.7 million shares for $208 million. For the full year, we repurchased 7.5 million shares for $601 million. Now on Slide 11, which is an update on Energy? As Bob said, a lot has changed in Energy since our Investor Day. As a result, we expect our U.S. drilling and new well production businesses to be significantly impacted by lower commodity cost. We expect this impact to be less but still present in our businesses within U.S. recurring production and automation exposure. Finally, we expect our Bearings & Compression in international oil and gas activity to remain very solid. We now expect full year revenue for Energy to decline 6% to 9%, a reduction of about 15 points from our prior forecast, or about $300 million in revenue with organic revenue declining 11% to 14%, the biggest changes in our Drilling and Production markets, primarily driven by the anticipated reduction in U.S. shale activity. Our automation forecast has changed slightly where as Bearings & Compression remains unchanged from our prior forecast. Now moving to Slide 12 which shows our full year guidance. We now expect year-over-year revenue to be positive 1% to negative 2% principally reflecting our current forecast for Energy, as our other three segments remain unchanged. Completed acquisition will now add 2% down one point from our prior expectations. We now expect the total impact of FX to be a 2% headwind, a point higher than our prior forecast. In summary, we expect total year-over-year revenue to be 1% positive to 2% negative. Segment margin is expected to be between 17.6% and 17.9% excluding restructuring charges. Corporate expense will be approximately $125 million and interest expense should around a $130 million. We expect the full year normalized tax rate to be approximately 30%. CapEx should be about 2.3% of revenue and our full year free cash flow will be approximately 11% of revenue. Now turning to the bridge on Slide 13. Note that in the appendix is information that provides the basis of our 2015 guide. In 2015 we expect net restructuring essentially the non-repeat of Q4 cost netted against Q1 expected cost and other one-time items to add $0.09 to $0.10. Performance which includes volume and price, productivity, compensation investment and restructuring benefits, will be in the range of a $0.10 benefit to a $0.06 decline, largely depending on volume. The impact of acquisitions already completed will be $0.01 to $0.03. Shares will provide $0.27 to $0.29 based on an estimate of $600 million in repurchases in 2015 and carry over benefit of our 2014 repurchases. Our share repurchases activity will more than offset at $0.18 dilutive impact of discontinued operations. Interest, corporate and tax rate will have a combined $0.07 to $0.11 impact. In total, we now expect 2015 EPS to be $4.70 to $4.95, reflecting a $0.35 reduction to our prior guidance. One last note, as we move sequentially into 2015 our first quarter EPS will be impacted by approximately $17 million to $20 million in Q1 restructuring charges, as well as remaining purchase accounting cost. Combined, these items will impact Q1 EPS by $0.13 to $0.14. With that I’ll turn the call back over to Bob for some final thoughts.
Robert Livingston: Thanks Brad. Overall, I am pleased with our fourth quarter and full year performance. We grew revenue 8% and delivered 10% EPS growth. We focused on lean and productivity initiatives across the organization and in the fourth quarter, restructured many of our businesses to be better positioned for continued growth and margin expansion. In 2015, we will continue to execute a strategy that has served us well. This includes investing in geographic expansion, product innovation and providing solutions that increase our customer’s cash flow and reduce their cost through productivity. Across all four segments our business leaders are focused on executing these initiatives and I’m confident we’ll deliver a solid 2015. We remain focused on growth. With that, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focused on serving our customers and driving results. Now Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. At this point, I would like to remind all the callers that we have a lot of people in queue. So if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we’ll be able take a lot more questions. And with that Maria if we can have the first question.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Barclays.
Scott Davis: Hi, good morning guys.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Robert Livingston: Good morning Scott.
Scott Davis: Can you give us a sense of how much you’ve stress tested this new forecast in drilling and production negative 17 and negative 19 core growth? And just give us a sense of how you came to that number, was that based on bookings or bottoms up from your customers? Just a little bit more granularity there will be helpful.
Brad Cerepak: Okay, gosh Scott I can’t tell you how many different models we’ve run with respect to the drilling and production activity for 2015. So how was this number - how do we provide this number, what are the underlying assumptions and the work we’ve done? Yes it does reflect a lot of conversations with our customers over the last few weeks. I would tell you that one of the data points that everyone does look at and continue to track is rig count deployment. And this range we provide for 2015 assumes a rig count decrease year-over-year average of 25% to 30%.
Scott Davis: Okay. That seems fair.
Brad Cerepak: I will also tell you that we will - we do expect to see a little bit of the anticipated decline show up in their first quarter, but Scott this is going to be a modest impact in their quarter. We do expect the second and third quarters to bear the brunt of this downturn. We do expect the rig count declined to be rather steep and reflective of what we’re seeing here in the last few weeks.
Scott Davis: Yes makes sense. And you gave a number of $300 million revenue hit, I mean, I know this is hard to do, but given all the restructuring and the cost out, do you plan to do - I mean, what kind of a drop through to profits, do you see that?
Brad Cerepak: Well okay let’s say - what are - repeat that question.
Robert Livingston: So if you take that $300 million…
Scott Davis: So if you take $300 million…
Robert Livingston: What’s the decremental margin?
Scott Davis: Yes.
Brad Cerepak: Well, I mean if I just look at, okay so the way we’re thinking about that and the way we forecasted is that 300 net of. The benefits we see in 2015 of restructuring offset by some costs, as we talked about, would drop to at about 30%.
Scott Davis: Okay.
Brad Cerepak: So that’s basically what we’re assuming, Scott.
ScottDavis: Okay, fair enough. And just last and I’ll past it on. Can you just update us on close-the-case, it didn’t seem all that encouraging the comments you made on Refrigeration and Food Equipment with the book-to-bill that. Is close-the-case something that still is a legitimate or is it getting pushed out?
Robert Livingston: No, close-the-case is continuing to perform quite well. You’re referring to the bookings number in the fourth quarter.
ScottDavis: Yes, down 8%.
Robert Livingston: Yeah. First of, I would tell you that I think Brad commented on this in his prepared remarks, part of that loop is the timing of orders in our Food Equipment platform. We’ve got one business and the food equipment group that does have very choppy order rates. It’s very much of a project business that’s Belvac. And I think that almost half of that 20% or 18% year-over-year decline is just associated to the timing of orders at Belvac. And there is nothing wrong with the Belvac business. It will continue to perform quite well with just timing of orders. With respect to Hill Phoenix; Scott, I would tell you that we had another record year in revenue at Hill Phoenix. I think they had a 2% or 3% organic growth in 2014. We had a year where book-to-bill again was 1.0% for Hill Phoenix like it was in 2013, but you see between the two years, a very, very different waterfall of quarterly order rates at Hill Phoenix. And part of what you see in the fourth quarter is an anticipated product mix change. I call it a slight product mix change as we go into 2015. And we will expect in 2015 a little bit higher waiting in our business mix towards doors, doors with - our cases with doors and a little bit of a reduced waiting on systems. And part of that is showing up in the fourth quarter order rates. System orders tend to show up anywhere from one to three months before orders per cases do and where the fourth quarter order rates reflect that and it was anticipated.
ScottDavis: Okay. That’s for that granularity guys. Good presentation. Thank you and good luck.
Robert Livingston: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.
DeaneDray: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Robert Livingston: Hi, Deane.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Deane Dray: I don’t want to sound like Monday morning quarter backing, but I recall in the December…
Robert Livingston: Excuse me.
Deane Dray: I know [Multiple Speakers]. But if we go back to the December outlook meeting when you announced the restructuring, I think most people, my self included, were surprised that you weren’t doing more restructuring on the Energy piece, which everyone knew was in the middle of this downturn and actually early stages, most of the restructuring was in Refrigeration. So now, we’re seeing restructuring actions. Are you behind the curve in this? And the decrementals of 30% kind of means would suggest that you’re right on pace with where you should be. So maybe you just reconcile expectations on the pace of restructuring for starters.
Robert Livingston: Okay, I would - everything being equal, maybe we could have done a little bit more in the fourth quarter. And yes, I would even label that as a little bit of Monday morning quarter backing with respect to my comment. Don’t lose side effect that as went through the fourth quarter, Scott, we were - Deane, we were still in a growth mode within this Energy segment. And a lot of the costs we’re taking out are variable cost related to being able to serve the customer with respect to shipments. It was a bit difficult to take more cost, especially variable cost out in the fourth quarter when we were still expanding our U.S. production rates here to satisfy customers. We are responding, I think, fairly aggressively here in the early part of the first quarter. I think between the actions that we took in the fourth quarter and the actions that we’re pulling the trigger on here in the first quarter, those actions will generate annualized benefits for our Energy segment in the range of $55 million to $60 million, is that the right number, Brad?
Brad Cerepak: That’s right.
Robert Livingston: And I think we’ll end up picking up about $45 million to $50 million of that in 2015 or might a bit high on that.
Brad Cerepak: That’s what the forecast shows.
Robert Livingston: And Deane all I can tell you is that we have - we continue to model and look at different scenarios as we have opportunities or as we think the market activity would dictate. We’re going to take cost out, especially related to U.S. production and drilling activity. But I would also point out, these guys have - are also dealing with an initiative from need [ph] on growth. We are continuing to expand our activity outside of the U.S. We’re continuing to spend a fair amount of money on product development and product innovation. And you’ll see us continue to work the growth initiatives within automation and within Bearings & Compression. And I think those initiatives may even provide a little bit of upside to this segment in 2015.
DeaneDray: So just as my follow-up let’s just stay right there, but if we could, may be just expand on your expectations for the growth in the international oil and gas and in the compression business, this degree of confidence, earnings visibility, length of contracts and so forth?
Robert Livingston: Well it’s probably the one that’s most fun to talk about, perhaps the easiest to talk about Deane, is the activity that we have been pushing, pursuing and growing over the last three years around our geographic expansion, especially around our artificial lift activity. We’ve been fairly successful with that over the last three years or four years, we continue to see an increasing number of tenders that we can participate in with each quarter as we go through this activity outside of the U.S. Upside activity or upside opportunities in 2015, you know will tell you that we have nothing in our revenue plan for 2015 on non-U.S. tender activity other than what’s in our backlog. And we do know that we’ve got opportunities in front of us on tender orders that will be awarded here in the first quarter and the second quarter and in the Middle East, notably Oman. And some activity and I call it broader Asia and there we’re looking at some interesting activity in India. But those tenders if we are successful and whatever impact they have on 2015 will be an upside for the segment.
DeaneDray: Great, thank you.
Robert Livingston: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets.
Charlie Brady: Hi thanks good morning guys.
Robert Livingston: Hi, Charlie.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Charlie Brady: Its just on the Refrigeration business, are you guys seeing - you’ve seen targets kind of pulling out of Canada, obviously the Walmart kind of roll out issues still going on, any change kind of in the target Walmart, Dollar Store kind of segmented as far as what they are doing on cap spending and how that’s impacting that segment?
Robert Livingston: You’re asking me to look back or look forward?
Charlie Brady: Look forward.
Robert Livingston: Look forward, fine. Well first of, I would tell you that, if we use 2015 as a - or 2014 as a reference point, our revenue activity with target my goodness in the second half of the year, Charlie, was probably less than $10 million. So even with the continued activity that’s going on at Target to - for them to sort of reposition their business that’s - even if it went to zero that’s not going to have much of an impact on our business and in 2015. Year-over-year and 2014 Wal-Mart and Target together, we probably saw a decline of approaching $30 million year-over-year 2014 over 2013. We do include in our forecast for 2015 another year-over-year decline on the combination of Wal-Mart and Target. I actually don’t remember the exact number, but I think it maybe even a little bit higher than the $30 million we had in 2014, but it’s not three times that size, but I think we do expect a decline. Where we are seeing the growth in this business is all of the other customers outside of these two. I think we ended up with 5% or 6% or 7% growth and all of the other customers within this refrigeration business in 2014 and we’re expecting something like that number again in 2015.
Charlie Brady: Okay. So simply sounds like when the larger sized retailers, almost a non-event and being well more than offset by companies outside that - those guys.
Robert Livingston: Correct.
Charlie Brady: Okay. Just one more follow-up just on the Energy business, the outlook, the revised outlook from acquisition growth which I guess this is all accelerated. It looks as though you’re forecasted that has accelerated down about 35% relative to what I guess their 2014 revenue is estimated to be on your bottom, is that about right?
Robert Livingston: Okay, I'm not sure I can do the quick math on the percent. I think maybe when we provided our initial outlook at Dover Day in early December; Brad, you’re going to have to help me here, but I think the revenue outlook for Accelerated may have been in the 240 to 250 range in my close.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, that’s correct.
Robert Livingston: Okay. And for 2015 revised outlook, we’ve got it slightly below 200. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Brad Cerepak: It’s a little bit lower than that, but that’s directionally right.
Robert Livingston: Okay.
Brad Cerepak: And Charlie, I would tell you, I would love to sit here a year from now and tell you I was really conservative with that outlook. I will tell you that the Accelerated team outperformed in the fourth quarter. Goodness I think their revenue in the fourth quarter was about 15% higher than what we had modeled. I know, they are holding a quite well here in January, I was actually down to see the guys, I guess about a week ago or two weeks ago. And it just absolutely amazes me how many different opportunities they are finding to satisfy customers, to help customers with productivity and cash flow projects that we just don’t account for when in forecast when we put together our acquisition model. It is possible but this is one of our business units in 2015 that even if we’re right on nailing the rig count declined of 25% to 30% even with that, here is one business within our official book that get actually outperform our expectations.
Charlie Brady: That’s great, that’s very helpful. Thanks to the color on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Thank you, good morning everyone.
Robert Livingston: Hi, Joe.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: Hi, so my first question, just going back to Energy for a minute. Clearly things have changed since early December when we met. But I’m just wondering, did you guys see significant deceleration in your order trends in December and then to start January, because right now, it looks like we’ve got orders are up 21%, but it was really based on the accelerated acquisition. So I’m just trying to really get a sense for the trends in your organic orders for the Energy business.
Robert Livingston: Hi, Brad may have details on some of the order trends, but are you asking - was the question sequentially from third quarter to fourth quarter?
Brad Cerepak: And then into January, yes.
Robert Livingston: Organically and the fourth quarter - I don’t have the detail, I can’t even remember what the difference was in order rates between October and December. So I’m seeing here a little bit on comfortable trying to take a guess a direction. But there weren’t any surprises Joe and the order rates in the fourth quarter. As we move from the fourth quarter, as we move from December into January, one of the things that sort of seems to incur every single year though it’s always difficult to predict when we’ll deal with it, is a little bit of restocking with some customers especially around our drilling customers, drill bit customers and sometimes with our sucker rod customers. It is not unusual for us to see that little bit of, I call it, two to three week of inventory management period occur in the fourth quarter. It didn’t occur this year. What we did see was it occurring in the first two weeks of January. There was some choppiness in the order rates, both with our drill-bit customers in the first couple of weeks of January as well as with our sucker rod customers. We get beyond those first two weeks, what we call the restocking management activity and order rates have returned to the levels that we have expected here for the first quarter.
Joe Ritchie: So it sounds like that changed your organic growth guidance for the drilling and production business is really driven by customer conversations on what you expect to come as opposed to what you’re actually seeing in your business today, is that a fair comment?
Robert Livingston: That’s a fair comment that I would like to strongly support. It’s the guide down from Dover Day on our Energy business is what we anticipate to see here in the second, third and fourth quarters that guide down is not reflective of the activity we’re seeing here in the early part of the first quarter.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, it’s fair. And I guess the follow-on to that is really relating to the restructuring spend on the energy side of the business. It seems like you took that up by about $0.05 in the first quarter versus your initial expectations in the early part of December. I guess the question is how confident do you feel that you ring fence the issue or if you do start to see the order trends decline significantly as you anticipate as we progressed through the year. Can we presume that there is going to be more restructuring in Energy? I'm just trying to get my head around that.
Robert Livingston: Okay, so, I actually think that business teams and business leaders have been quite responsive. I would even say contrary or even though I may say here Monday morning quarter back as in earlier call or used the phrase, the guys have actually been quite proactive in taking cost out ahead of cost from a reduction in their activity. Is there more we can do if customer activity slips even deeper or even further from what we’ve planned? The answer is yes. And even we’ve got a fairly aggressive cost plan take out for their first quarter, if by the time we get into the March and April timeframe, if we believe then that the customer activity either being driven by even lower rig count deployment in 2015 beyond the 25% to 30% decline or for whatever reason we are fully prepared to take additional cost out and the trigger points have been identified.
BradCerepak: Yes, I guess so, we’d only add to that reiterate what you said earlier Bob is that, while we’re taking a lot of cost out and we’re proactively I believe ahead of the curve of the downturn from rig counts and the commodity impact. One thing we’re - here’s what we’re not doing, we’re not backing off our investment or growth initiatives within Energy and I think Bob said that earlier, we continue to invest in innovation, in new product development, geo reach…
RobertLivingston: Across the board.
BradCerepak: Across the board. And so that that’s what our forecast reflects.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, thanks guys. I get back in queue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Shannon O’Callaghan of UBS.
ShannonO’Callaghan: Good morning, guys.
Robert Livingston: Well, Shannon, welcome back.
ShannonO’Callaghan: Thanks, Bob.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
ShannonO’Callaghan: I appreciate it. I missed all the fun. So in terms of the drilling and production decline of 17% and 19%, can you give us a split of the drilling versus the production piece and also within production what pieces that you expect to kind of hold that better than others.
Robert Livingston: Well, I left that book in my office, I wasn’t prepared to deal with that kind of detail.
ShannonO’Callaghan: Take your shot.
Robert Livingston: Okay, so I would tell you that you’ll see a little bit of a steeper decline in revenue at our drilling business. And that shouldn’t be a surprise to anyone it was not a surprise us, we sort of solved that in the last downturn in 0.08 and 0.09. And they solved the sharpest decline, but also the quickest recovery, once we hit the turf. To a lesser degree, we say it in U.S., we used a phrase production, but I’m going to be more specific here in U.S. artificial lift applications, it will start later with artificial lift, then we’ll see with drilling activity. And it will not be uniform across our artificial lift product portfolio. I think you will see - I think we anticipate more of a decline in our rod business than we do our pump business. Simple, because a much, much higher percentage of our pump activity is after market and repair and service as apposed to new well completion. But I this session will give you actual percentages Shannon, I’d be guessing and then Paul would spend the rest of the day correcting my guesses.
ShannonO’Callaghan: No, no, the - I just the dynamics.
Robert Livingston: Yeah.
ShannonO’Callaghan: That’s helpful in terms of the different product lines. And then as you think about restructuring and sort of trying to defend margins in this downturn, you did it very successfully in the last downturn, is there anything different about the nature of the business now or nature of the downturn, or is it pretty much the same playbook, you feel like you have to execute?
Robert Livingston: Well, I would say we start with the same playbook. The business is little bit larger today, than it was in 2008 and 2009. And we’re a bit more geographic, we’re bit more geographic, than we were in 2008 and 2009. That said, I would say that the playbook in our drilling business is essentially the same today, as it was in 2009. Where you’ll see some differences will be in our artificial lift business and product portfolio, simply because, in 2008 the bulk of it was sucker rods and today it is probably 60% pumps and service activity and 40% sucker rods and I’m probably still being heavy on the rod business. But the playbook is very much the same, the guys know how to execute this, we know how to take care of our customer as we go through this downturn, we know how to time to take out a variable cost and we know how to time to take out of overhead and when it’s appropriate and we are trying to hold margins, that is one of the objectives. But don’t get hung up on that, thinking that that’s our primary objective, the primary objective it’s actually to take care of the customers. And to continue with our product development and innovation activity, the result of all of this is we do believe we’ll end up with margins within the Energy segment of about 20%.
ShannonO’Callaghan: Okay, very helpful. Thanks Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, thanks.
Robert Livingston: Good morning, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning, hi. Just firstly on the Energy, just talk a little bit about what price degradation you assume in the business this year. And also on automation you made very, very small adjustments organic growth a very large adjustment to the assumption for drilling and production. So why do you feel confident in the automation can hold up at around flat?
Robert Livingston: Okay, there is part of the automation product portfolio that actually deals with drilling and with some down-hole monitoring. We do anticipate a decline in that part of the automation portfolio, when you move beyond that specific product area in our automation portfolio, we actually don’t anticipate much of a decline in automation. In fact there is a lot of work going on internally right now within this segment and within that business to figure out how we actually grow automation beyond what we have in our guidance in 2015. And we think we’ve get some opportunities to do so, but to be quite transparent, there is part of that automation portfolio, I’m repeating myself, that is, that does have some down-hole applications. And our Bearings & Compression activity that we’ve got fairly aggressive growth plans as well as cost containment activity within both of those business as we grow it in 2015. And we don’t see those businesses being directly impacted by the drop in rig count in 2015. Price, we do have some modest price declines in our plan for 2015. When I say modest - but some of these discussions are still underway, so I would give the nod to the customer let us finish these discussions before I get too specific and responding to an open question like that. But I would tell you for planning purposes, we have low to mid single-digit price declines planned for some of the products and for some of the products nothing, no price declines. And I would say that the activity we’ve encountered here over the last few weeks with our customers gives us some confident that we’ve pegged that number correctly.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then just quickly on the Fluids, it’s hard from the outside to get a sense of the different end-markets in that. Any thing you’re seeing that sort of changed or is interesting versus what you said at Dover Day?
Robert Livingston: No, in fact I think I commented, made that comment as I had my prepared remarks within Fluids, within Engineered Systems and within Refrigeration. We’ve made no changes and need to make no changes to our growth plans for 2015 beyond what we shared with you at Dover Day. Fluids it’s an amazing year they had in 2015 with 8% organic growth for the entire segment. And it wasn’t an unbalanced year for that segment, both fluid transfer, as well as our pump businesses did quite well in 2014. And we’re expecting both of them to continue with growth initiatives and growth results in 2015.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Winoker of Bernstein.
Steve Winoker: Thanks, good morning all.
Robert Livingston: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Steve Winoker: Just a question on the flip side here so you are taking headcount down 14% in Energy it sounded like, what happens if and when oil prices go backed up and if that were to happen in the six months or nine months how long does it take you to cycle through this between you’ve got your – the impact which you haven’t even said you mentioned that you’re just starting to see barely now, you are anticipating that. And this could be a little shorter lived than people think. So how are you dealing that with your scenario planning how it is compared to what you did last time? Your ability to - on the positive side of this is probably a nice thing to think about what would happen in the other end, your ability to make your commitments?
Robert Livingston: So I take it by the tone of your question that you are long on oil and you are very short.
Steve Winoker: Yeah, no, it’s not. Let’s not look at presumption in scenario planning here.
Robert Livingston: Look it…
Steve Winoker: So it’s a bottom for everything right?
Robert Livingston: Well I know it. It’s interesting that you asked the question that way because and how honest that we talk about that quite a bit when we go through our planning scenarios. I would just remind you that someone, one of their earlier questions was, are we using the same playbook from the 2008, 2009 time frame and in many instances we are, that’s where we are sort of where we start. And we had a pretty quick bounce in 2009 both on the oil price after it hit its bottom and then a pretty rapid increase in rig count deployment as we went through 2009 and 2010. And I would tell you that we were able to bring employees back, quick enough we were able to bring on new employees, quick enough and to get them trained that our customer service activity, which is always the thing we want to pay attention to, our customer service activity levels were quite high and we did not disappoint customers. And that the other day that’s sort of what guides our decision.
Steve Winoker: And Bob you guys take advantage of M&A in these kind of environments, usually this is your prime time just sort of have a longer view of the cycle I guess in that same way. You still, its hard to get comfortable right now, right? But how are you starting to think about that trade off and buybacks versus M&A, you probably just lifted your buyback may be give us some color.
Robert Livingston: Okay, so we - let me deal first with the M&A question and then you tied into share repurchases. M&A in Energy, gosh! I would tell you that I’m not speaking for anyone other than Brad and I. M&A activity in the Energy sector in the next three or four months, I’m going to use your phrase, could be a bit uncomfortable. Simply because of the uncertainty as the timing, the uncertainty as the debt and then even after the price of oil does recover and start to find a new normal that’s higher than where it is today, is what’s going to happen with investment activity in the U.S. shale fields and I think that’s to me, that’s the more larger question. But I think as we get through perhaps not the first quarter, the first quarter is probably not going to give us enough information. I think as we get through the second quarter or into and through the second quarter, I guess that not only us, but others in this sector may have a comfort level that’s being developed, that would allow us to make a decision or two on M&A. And if the opportunity is right for us, I’m going to tell you, we’re going to look at it. But the comfort level is pretty high for the next three months to four months. On share repurchase activity, don’t think that our share repurchase activity in 2015 is a diminishment of our ability to execute on M&A. And Brad can give you a lot more detail on this than I will or I could. But in real simplistic way to look at this our share repurchase activity in 2015 is going to be funded by divestures. Said and done. We’re not increasing any debt on our balance sheet to fund share repurchase activity, we’re not using operating cash flow to fund share repurchase activity. I closed my prepared comments with our plan is to grow, well that’s part of our growth agenda. And as opportunities come forward we will execute.
Steve Winoker: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
Robert Livingston: Hi Steve.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: Just a question on the – what degree of pricing you said low-to-mid in some of your business flat in other part in energy. What’s kind of the total is it, does that all mix in the kind of 50 bips of the price pressure they you’re assuming?
Brad Cerepak: Well again I’m going to repeat myself on two points. One, we’re still in discussions with customers so I’m going to treat some of this as confidential discussions with customers right now until we complete some of these dialogues. I’m saying that in our plan where we do anticipate price reduction discussions with customers that the low-to-mid, I’m talking to 2% to 5%.
Brad Cerepak: Part of the portfolio.
Robert Livingston: One of the portfolio is included in our guidance.
Steve Tusa: Okay, what’s the…
Robert Livingston: And I would also tell you Steve, there is just as much activity going on by us to offset that with input cost.
Steve Tusa: Sure, in the gross margin of Energy…
Robert Livingston: I have a suggestion for everyone that’s listening, I don’t think this is going to be a big item in 2015.
Steve Tusa: What’s going to be the pricing?
Robert Livingston: The pricing is not going to be a significant item for Dover in 2015.
Steve Tusa: What does that does 2016?
Brad Cerepak: You should not give any guidance of 2016.
Robert Livingston: I’m not giving guidance of 2016.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Is the gross margin at Energy I would assume it’s above the company average.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. Yes, that’s true.
Robert Livingston: Yes.
Steve Tusa: And is it meaningfully above the company average.
Brad Cerepak: 300 basis points, 250 basis points.
Steve Tusa: Okay. So basically, we should think about it as you are going to convert there kind of less than gross margin given the cost take out with kind of pricing TBD around that? What do you think is going to be kind of flat, I guess this year?
Robert Livingston: Well, I don’t know its TBD, but I would say your first assumption is correct that we will convert and I said earlier I think 30% decrementals is the way we think about it. So therefore, we are converting on the downside at less than the gross margin because the cost takeout, that’s the thing.
Steve Tusa: Right, okay, that makes some sense.
Robert Livingston: That’s all in there Steve.
Steve Tusa: But what are the - so you guys - one more question just on the cash flow stuff.
Robert Livingston: Yes.
Steve Tusa: You announced on Datamax O’Neil I think it’s a $180 - $190 million cash inflow, is there any tax impact on that, so what’s the after tax? And then what are the - are there any other divestitures that you’re planning on bringing cash in for, just on the entire, I guess $600 million in buyback.
Brad Cerepak: No. No, no, no others. I would just say generally on both of those that it’s not a lot of tax leakage let’s just say that.
Steve Tusa: Okay. So in total those are going to bring in $600 million?
Brad Cerepak: Pretty close to that, yes Steve. That’s what our expectation at this point.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closings remarks. Paul E. Goldberg. Thanks Maria. This concludes our conference call. With that, we thank you for your continued interest in Dover. And we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day. Thanks. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s fourth quarter 2014 Dover earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg – Vice President, Investor Relations Robert A. Livingston – President and Chief Executive Officer, Dover Corporation Brad M. Cerepak – Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank Scott Davis – Barclays Capital Julian C. H. Mitchell – Credit Suisse Securities LLC Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co. Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Nathan Hardie Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg:  Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s third quarter earnings call. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s third quarter operating and financial performance and follow with an update of our 2014 outlook. We will then open the call up for questions. And as a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q and investor supplement and associated presentation, can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through October 30 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 10369221. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston:  Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. I was pleased with our strong finish to the third quarter. As we shared with you a few weeks ago, we did have some pockets of unexpected softness in July and August. However, September business activity was quite strong and exceeded expectations. The overall result was revenue and bookings growth at each segment. Most notably, Fluids delivered 17% growth, while Energy and Engineered Systems each grew 8%. In all, we generated 8% revenue growth and grew EPS 8%. Our 10% bookings growth, coupled with a strong September, sets us up well for the fourth quarter. From a geographic perspective, the U.S., Europe and Asia all had solid organic growth, whereas Canada and Brazil declined year-over-year. Now let me share some specific comments on the quarter. In Energy, we continue to benefit from strong U.S. well activity and an increased rig count, especially in our core production and drilling markets namely the Permian, Eagle Ford and Bakken basins. This activity along with double-digit Middle East growth, more than offset weakness in bearings and winches.  In Engineered Systems, we achieved solid growth across both platforms. Within Printing and Identification we saw growth in both our fast moving consumer goods and industrial markets, especially in the U.S. Also, our recent MS acquisition, which specializes in digital printing for textiles is off to a great start with Dover and contributed 9% growth to the platform. The industrial platform also achieved strong growth, led by outstanding results in our auto-related businesses.  Our Fluids segment performed well, where robust market conditions for fluid transfer products, complemented by recent acquisitions, resulted in strong revenue growth. This growth is primarily tied to positive global retail fuming activity, along with tailwinds from emerging fluid transfer safety regulations. Our Refrigeration & Food Equipment revenue was generally solid in the third quarter, but overall results were below our expectations. Refrigeration revenue, while positive, was impacted by the timing of shipments to a major retailer, specifically in Mexico and small store formats in the U.S. We expect to deliver the bulk of these push-outs in the fourth quarter. We have made great strides in strengthening our company in 2014. We have completed a number of productivity initiatives across the organization and have enhanced several of our businesses via acquisition, including our recently completed Accelerated transaction. Accelerated brings ESP technology, one of the fastest growing product categories in North America Artificial Lift. In total, we have invested roughly $800 million on acquisitions year to date. As a result, we’ve expanded our global footprint in Fluid Transfer, opened new markets for our Printing and Identification business and we have significantly broadened our product offerings in Artificial Lift. Our acquisition pipeline is rebuilding and our near-term focus is on smaller, bolt-on targets. Regarding the fourth quarter, we expect solid organic growth in Energy driven by North American well activity, especially in Texas and the Rockies and improved conditions in compression, continued organic growth in Engineered Systems driven by strong dynamics in our Industrial platform and global growth in our Printing and Identification, strong results in our Fluids markets primarily driven by regulatory tailwinds in Fluid Transfer, a positive retail fueling environment and continuing solid global markets for our pump businesses and a slightly stronger seasonal pattern in Refrigeration & Food Equipment segment, reflecting shipments of a very strong Q3 ending backlog. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad M. Cerepak: Thanks Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let’s start on Slide 3 of our presentation deck. Today we reported third quarter revenue of $2.1 billion, an increase of 8%. Organic revenue grew 4% and growth from acquisitions was also 4%. Adjusted EPS was $1.35, an increase of 8%. Segment margin for the quarter was 18.5%, 110 basis points below last year. Adjusting for the impact of acquisitions, our overall margin was 19%. This acquisition impact was most prevalent in our Energy and Fluid segments.  Bookings increased 10% over the prior year to $2 billion. This result represents growth across all segments led by 14% growth in Fluids and 11% growth in Engineered Systems. Energy grew 9% while Refrigeration & Food Equipment posted bookings growth of 6%. Overall, book-to-bill finished at a seasonally normal 0.96. Our backlog increased significantly in the quarter, up 14% to $1.4 billion. Free cash flow was $259 million for the quarter or 12% of revenue. For the full year, we expect free cash flow to be approximately 11% of revenue. Now turning to Slide 4. All segments showed organic growth in the quarter. Fluids grew 6% benefiting from solid Fluid Transfer and Pump markets. Energy driven by strong core U.S. drilling and production markets grew 5%. Engineered Systems grew 4% with broad-based growth across both platforms. Refrigeration & Food Equipment was up 1%. Acquisition growth in the quarter was 4% comprised of 11% Fluids, 4% in Engineered Systems and 3% in Energy. Turning to Slide 5 and our sequential results. Revenue increased 2% from the second quarter. Results were led by 5% growth in Energy and 4% in Fluids. Refrigeration & Food Equipment grew 1% sequentially, while Engineered Systems was essentially flat.  Sequential bookings decreased 4%, representing normal seasonality. Energy driven by phase 2 of Queensland Gas Project grew 10%. Refrigeration & Food Equipment declined 15% as shipments in Refrigeration normally slowed down in Q4. Fluids was down 6% as several large projects were booked in the previous quarter. Engineered Systems declined 4% on normal seasonality. Now on Slide 6. Energy revenue of $507 million increased 8% and earnings of $123 million were up 3% over last year. Energy produced a solid quarter with strong revenue growth in our Drilling & Production and compression markets. This strong performance more than offset continued softness in our bearings end markets and construction related winch markets. Within Drilling & Production growth was driven by strong U.S. well activity. The continued impressive performance of our drilling businesses and our sharply growing U.S. artificial lift business more than offset expected tough comps in Australia and a decline in Canada. The improved compression markets also helped drive solid growth. Overall, this segment continues perform at a high level and the addition of Accelerated will only serve to broaden our market opportunities in key North American basins. Operating margin was 24.2% and included 100 basis point impact related to recent acquisitions, primarily those completed in Q2 and Q3. Bookings were $526 million, a 9% increase over the prior year reflecting broad-based growth across the segment. Book-to-bill was 1.04. Adjusting for Queensland gas, book-to-bill was at 1.0, up 3% over an adjusted prior year. Turning to Slide 7. Engineered Systems had another solid quarter were revenue of $695 million was up 8% and earnings of a $119 million increased 7%. Our Printing & Identification platform revenue increased 13% to $291 million, driven by organic growth of 4% and recent acquisitions, primarily MS Printing. Of note, U.S. results for Markem-Imaje were extremely strong, up double-digits. In the industrial platform, revenue grew 5% to $405 million, all of which was organic. Our auto related businesses were particularly strong in this platform. Margin was solid at 17.2% as the benefits of productivity mostly offset the effective business mix. Bookings were $667 million, an increase of 11%, our Printing & Identification bookings increased 10% to $281 million boosted by recent acquisition and continued solid activity in our core fast moving consumer goods markets, especially in the U.S. Industrial bookings increased 12% to $386 million reflecting broad-based growth. Book-to-bill for Printing & Identification was 0.97, while industrial was 0.95. Overall, book-to-bill was 0.96. Now, moving to Slide 8. Fluids posted a strong quarter were revenue increased 17% to $362 million and earnings of $68 million were up 7%. Revenue was driven by organic growth of 6% and acquisition growth of 11%. Our Fluid Transfer businesses benefited from strong demand in the global retail fueling markets, increasing safety regulations in Fluid Transfer and share gains. Pumps was driven by strong North American growth and new product introductions. Segment margin was 18.7%, a decrease of 170 basis points from the prior year, primarily reflecting the impact of acquisitions. Bookings were $351 million, an increase of 14% driven by Fluid Transfer; book-to-bill was 0.97. Now, let’s turn to Slide 9. Refrigeration & Food Equipment generated revenue of $529 million, up 1% over the prior year. Earnings of $78 million decreased 10%. Solid growth in refrigeration was partially offset by declines in food equipment; particularly at Belvac where project shipments can vary from quarter-to-quarter. Refrigeration growth of 3% was dampened by push outs from a major customer. Overall, refrigeration is well-positioned to finish the year strong. backlog is up $52 million, or 16% over the prior year, and September was the largest revenue month ever for Hill Phoenix. Operating margin was 14.8%, a 180 basis point decline from last year. this result largely reflects unanticipated supply chain costs, inefficiencies connected with customer push outs and customer mix. Bookings were solid at $459 million, an increase of 6% principally reflecting solid demand for refrigeration products. Book-to-bill was at a seasonally strong 0.87. Going to the overview on the Slide 10. third quarter net interest expense was $31 million, up $1 million from last year and in line with our forecasts. Corporate expense was $28 million, a decrease of $5 million and generally consistent with expectations. Our third quarter tax rate was 30.8%, excluding $0.03 of discrete benefits. Capital expenditures were $35 million in the quarter. we expect Q4 to be higher as we continue to execute on several projects. Lastly, we repurchased 1.2 million shares for $100 million since the end of the second quarter. 856,000 of these were settled in Q3. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 5.1 million shares for $418 million. Moving to Slide 11, which shows our full-year guidance. We expect organic revenue growth to be approximately 4%. our forecast for energy is 4% to 5% growth; likewise, we also expect Engineered Systems revenue to grow 4% to 5%. Fluids organic revenue growth is forecast at 5% to 6%, while refrigeration and food equipment is expected to have approximately 1% organic growth. Completed acquisitions will now add 4%, up one point from our prior expectations, reflecting recent acquisitions, including Accelerated. In total, we expect full-year revenue growth to be approximately 8%. Segment margin is expected to be between 17.5% and 18%, including roughly a 70 basis point impact from completed acquisitions. Corporate expense will now be approximately $120 million, $5 million below our prior forecast representing cost management activities. Interest expense should be about $130 million, $3 million below our prior expectations. Our full year tax rate is estimated to be near 31%. CapEx should be about 2.3% of revenue, slightly below our prior forecast, and free cash flow is expected to be approximately 11% of revenue. Turning to the bridge on Slide 12. We now see volume, price, and mix contributing $0.26 to $0.29. Productivity will have $0.16 to $0.18, while investment and compensation will have $0.16 to $0.18 impact. Acquisitions in aggregate will now be essentially neutral for the year. This includes the current year dilutive impact of deals already closed in the third and fourth quarters. Corporate provides a $0.04 benefit at the high-end of our prior forecast, while interest shares and taxes contribute $0.13 to $0.14, $0.04 above our prior expectations. In total, we now expect 2014 EPS to be $4.75 to $4.80, reflecting a $0.05 reduction to the high-end of our prior guidance largely driven by the impact of recent acquisitions. This represents 10% growth at the mid-point. With that I’ll turn it back over to Bob for some final thoughts.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks Brad. Overall, I’m pleased with our performance especially our strong September. We delivered solid revenue and earnings growth and also saw strong quarter activity. Looking forward, I believe we’re well positioned for continued success based on our products, technologies, and competitive positions. Within energy, we expect our U.S. activity to remain solid given the basins we participate in and expect our global growth initiatives to continue to yield opportunities. We are enthusiastic about our recent accelerated deal. The technology accelerated brings to our portfolio, combined with our existing rod lift products allows us to offer customers artificial lift solutions earlier and for the complete life of their wells. All of these factors positioned us very well with our customers. In Engineered Systems, growing global applications for our Printing & Identification technology including the emerging digital textile market and the increasing awareness around food safety provides ample opportunities for expansion. Within our industrial markets, our customers’ desire for productivity solutions along with a strong market or our auto-related businesses offer significant growth prospects. Within Fluids, increasing regulations regarding vapor recovery and the safe transport of chemicals and fuels provides a strong business climate for our Fluid Transfer businesses. Additionally, our Pumps business is benefiting from generally solid markets, particularly in North America and the Middle East, as well as the introduction of new products. And finally, in Refrigeration & Food Equipment we continue to focus on the ongoing needs of our customers for productivity and sustainable solutions. In addition, the regulatory environment is providing tailwinds with regard to energy efficiency standards, which plays to the strength of our product portfolio. In closing, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results.  With that, Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks Bob. At this point, I’d just like to remind everyone if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we would greatly appreciate it. And with that, Paula, if we can have the first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research. 
Jeffrey T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners:  Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Robert A. Livingston: Hi, Jeff. Good morning.
Jeffrey T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Hi. How are you doing?
Robert A. Livingston: Great.
Jeffrey T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Just on Energy, Bob. There is a little bit of commentary in the queue about margin pressure around cost. It was not clear to me if that was really just kind of some cost plus inflation or there’s a negative comment embedded around price as part of that? Could you just kind of give us a little color on what’s going on with price and cost in Energy? 
Robert A. Livingston:  Yes. I would say it’s a little of both, Jeff, and within Energy, it would be specific to Artificial Lift. Our steel costs were up. I think the incremental cost in the third quarter versus a year ago, steel costs were up about $5 million. That’s it, but it was still up. With respect to pricing, I think we’ve commented on this a couple of times this year. The Canadian market has been soft and we have seen price pressure especially on rods. In fact, I would probably say exclusive to rods, both in Canada and maybe a little bit even in the Bakken basin, but it is restricted to that.
Jeffrey T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners:  And then, just thinking about the pre-announcement, Bob. You guided an $0.08 miss, right. That’s very precise, it wasn’t $0.05 to $0.10, it was – that was $0.08. What really happened at the end of the quarter? And maybe a little color at how September ended and what you’re seeing here on the early part of October, if you have any other color?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So Brad, the $0.08 miss I think was split between I would call it three buckets. We anticipated a $0.03 miss in refrigeration. We were anticipating a $0.03 short fall in energy, and the balance of the $0.02 was really around increased deal cost in the third quarter that had not been anticipated as we open the quarter. Jeff, we had the $0.02 deal cost for sure and the $0.03 anticipated miss at refrigeration, my friend, we delivered that miss. The $0.03 anticipated miss on energy. I will stand up and give kudos to all of the units in the leadership teams within energy that gap was closed and I did it remarkably so in the final three weeks of the quarter. And I think based upon what we were looking at in mid-month. I think energy performed a bit better like $0.02 in September than we had anticipated. Any other color left Brad?
Brad M. Cerepak: I guess the other $0.01 which is missing in that reconciliation is a little bit better corporate based on our cost controls Jeff.
Jeffrey T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: And then just a quick one and I will move on. Brad, can you give us the organic bookings in general and energy specifically?
Brad M. Cerepak: Oh, boy, I don’t think I had that data in hand right now. I will ask Paul to follow-up with you on that.
Paul E. Goldberg: Yes, give it to the entire group 
Jeffrey T. Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Winoker of Bernstein Research.
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Thanks and good morning all.
Robert A. Livingston: Good morning.
Brad M. Cerepak: Good morning.
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: I would be help to continue get a little more color on the energy business but just in light of the overall macro concerns that are out there and your particular exposure at the basin level, what you’re hearing from customers, I mean are typically allow these customers or folks who spend what they make. And just how you’re looking at that business over the short to medium-term?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, my comments Steve would be restricted to what we’re seeing right now and our anticipation for the fourth quarter. There is enough noise that I am certainly right now and that I think I would reserve any comments to the beginning of the year of 2015 to perhaps our Dover Day Conference. If you want to know where are the – where our primary activity is in the basins, Permian by far is the largest basin for us, the second largest basin would be Eagle Ford, and the third would be the Bakken. And I would say that in a relationship comparison, Permian may be five times the activity versus what we see in the Bakken. With respect to what we’re hearing for customers, the guys are talking to them weekly, the last – over the last couple of weeks, I would tell you they’re talking to them almost every day. Their customers are really engaged in looking at their capital budgeting and planning for 2015, we’re not hearing any input from them right now, other than they are looking at it. With respect to the fourth quarter here in 2014, we have been watching our order rates everyday for the past, I would say, three weeks, if not four weeks. If we were to see a bit of a pullback, or an early sign, it would be in our drilling businesses. we haven’t seen it all. In fact the order rates, the average daily order rates in the first couple of weeks in October were at or absolutely above the third quarter average daily rate. We see no cancellations, no deferrals and we feel pretty confident sitting here today about our expectations for the fourth quarter in energy. 
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: And in that team, the energy team that was able to close the gap in the last few weeks that you commended. Was that gap closing just on it, was it on operating expense, I mean, how do they actually do it?
Robert A. Livingston: No, I would say it was primarily driven by revenue and volume, and it was one business that was across the board. We had a little bit better volume as order rates picked up in the last couple of weeks of the month. We had a little bit better volume in our drilling business, and we continued to see strong activity in the U.S. market for artificial lift. artificial lift in the U.S. finished stronger in September than we had anticipated even at the middle of the month.
Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay. thanks, I’ll pass it on. appreciate it. 
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks. 
Brad M. Cerepak: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. good morning, guys.
Robert A. Livingston: Good morning, Nigel. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: 
 : 
Robert A. Livingston: There are two different responses. In refrigeration, Nigel, to be quite direct about it, the problem in refrigeration, number one, I will tell you the number was about $8 million in refrigeration and I would label it primarily – well, I’ll take the blame for this, it was primarily self-inflicted, it was around some unanticipated hiccups and cost we have with some supply chain changes we were making as we exited the second quarter. Within energy, there was as we were looking at booking rates and especially in August, there was a growing concern that that month of September would not have the growth and the U.S. artificial lift activity that we ended up same. Let me tell you what the growth was for the third quarter. I mean, we had a fairly healthy expectation for artificial lift in the third quarter, but I think artificial lift in the third quarter year-over-year I think we were up 16%. We came into September and felt that that growth rate was probably going to fall a couple of points shy of that, as it turns out, the gap was closed pretty quickly.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Well, that’s helpful, thanks. And then the pace of buybacks has picked up in the early 4Q and I am just wondering Bob and Brad how you know the kind of the dynamic and math between buybacks that $72 as opposed to $90 compared to M&A right now?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay, well, I would rather buyback at $72 than $93. I’m not sure that – okay, Nigel we completed the $1 billion share buyback program as we exited and completed the first quarter. I think in the second quarter and the third quarter, it was a total of about $100 million of share repurchase activity with a bulk of that in the quarter three. We had as we sat and discussed, looked at share repurchase activity in July for the second half of the year. We knew we had some M&A activity that we were very hopeful on closing on in the second half and we did. I would also tell you we walked away from a couple of deals here recently were the pricing sort of gap beyond our comfort range. I sit here today at $72. It sure deserves another topic, round of discussion with Brad and myself. I would also tell you that the balance of the fourth quarter and I would even say our visibility into the first quarter of 2015 – M&A activity is going to be very, very light. If we do anything there’s going to be rather small deals. And the cash flow that we’ll generate here in the fourth quarter coupled with our existing share price, this is going to get some serious discussion with Brad and myself over the next couple of weeks.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Okay. So it sounds like you’ve pretty much done on the M&A for the rest this year?
Robert A. Livingston: I would say if we do anything it will be too small to even announce.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Okay. Well, thanks, Bob.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch at Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank:  Good morning, everyone. 
Robert A. Livingston: Hi, John.
Brad M. Cerepak: Good morning, John. 
John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank: Bob, you’ve been through these energy downturns or swings before and I think your performances really, I mean, it really stands out. What I’m trying to understand is sort of connecting the dots between low price of oil, well appears to be pretty meaningful rising competition in North America, perhaps for some of your own businesses. What’s the playbook here in terms of the steps you would take in anticipating and then reacting to perhaps a meaningful scale back from your customers who, I understand are already sort of planning CapEx for next year now. So they’re sort of doing that against the backdrop of pretty low oil prices. And just any color you could have based on your experience would be helpful and how you’re thinking about those.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, we’ll refer back. As you mentioned, we’ve been through this before. It seems like a long time ago, but it was in the first half of 2009 and the business leaders, the segment leadership team has the ability to take cost out just about as quickly as we did in the first part of 2009, especially in our Artificial Lift business as well as in our drilling businesses. I would enable it, from a cost takeout point, we an attractive relationship between variable cost and fixed cost and we can pull the trigger pretty quickly in that area. John, for you and for the others, let me sort of put this in perspective for you. So the Energy segment, rough number. It’s a $2 billion revenue segment. We’ve got about $500 million in revenue and what I would label as our bearings and compression part of the business, not directly connected to rig count, or the drilling activity per se. Within drilling, or which is, and we’ve recognized this. Our drilling activity is highly correlated to rig count. I would say, it’s $450 million to $500 million in revenue. And then that would leave our artificial lift business activity, which is roughly $1 billion. And of that $1 billion, about 20% of it is non-North American activity, but 20% of it is – we will label it as automation. And it has much less to do with drilling activity and much more around offering productivity solutions and tool sets for our customers to optimize the cash flow and the profitability of individual wells and fields. So that needs about 60%, or about $600 million, of this $1 billion artificial lift business, around what I’d call pure artificial lift tools equipment. In that 60%, rough number, rough split about 50% of it is after-market. More so on pumps than it is on rides, but about a 50% split to after-market and about 50% to new installations. So if we were to continue to see a precipitous decline in the price of oil, I think what we’re going to see it first, we’re going to be watching rig counts. And we see a decline in rig counts. We’re going to see it very quickly in our drilling business. And I’m talking global numbers here. We’re going to watch it pretty closely. We have not seen that yet, John. With respect to new installation and artificial lift, yes, a decrease in deployed rig counts will eventually show up in artificial lift numbers. We are still depending and we’ve seen this in the past, in 2009 that, that decline would start to be measured and felt, five, six, eight months after you see the beginning decline in rig counts. And I hope that gives you a little bit of detail and how we’re looking at it.
John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  That’s actually really helpful, and Bob, you mentioned that 20% automation, maybe given the constructive declining oil price is clearly one of the ways you keep these wells flowing is to make them more productive. Does this perhaps advance your own...
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, John that has been the clear strategic decision we’ve made over the last five years, since the last downturn is to recognize that the automation capability that we could offer and we have grown that offering both organically as well as M&A over the last three or four years that that automation as well as our decision to expand and grow outside of North America, we think mitigates against the short decline that we saw in 2009 in this segment.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: Yes, now I just wondering if maybe you could even make a bigger splash through software control automation M&A other than in the U.S., Canada or overseas and just in responding to the environment perhaps?
Robert A. Livingston:  Okay, and I would tell you that there is nothing upsize that we have in our near-term pipeline, but the two or three that we have some interest in that we would look at and hope to close maybe in the next few months or in that area, John.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank:  Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis of Barclays.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital:  Hi, good morning guys.
Robert A. Livingston:  Hi, Scott.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: This accelerated deal, I mean, it’s just a great asset people would know in the industry speak very highly of it. But is there any risk that you guys top tick this thing I mean that if indeed we do see a major breakdown in oil prices and artificial lift comes out of favor for a bit. Is there any sort of MAC clause in this that would allow you guys to adjust price down or at least protect yourselves if things do get ugly out there?
Robert A. Livingston:  Even if things get ugly I don’t think it would qualify as a MAC clause, Scott. But the real answer is we now own it and there is no price adjustment.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay, okay fair enough. And then I was a little bit surprised…
Brad M. Cerepak: And by the way Scott, I was actually happy and pleased with the price we were able to deliver to Dover and to our shareholders…
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: No, it’s not expensive. I’m just – it’s expensive if EBITDA gets cut in half, but it’s not expensive on current numbers. So my follow on is that it’s a little bit surprised to hear you say Bob that you’re more focused on smaller deals. And I only really raise that just because when you do see I think many companies like yours have been waiting for a pullback like this to shake assets free and get sellers of the sidelines and such. I mean is in this the exact type of opportunity where companies like Dover really can step in and provide liquidity into a market that starts to need it?
Robert A. Livingston: No, you’re exactly right, but don’t overlook the comment I shared earlier, I said near-term.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Robert A. Livingston: when you look at what’s in our pipeline that we could conceivably close on here in the fourth quarter, or in the first quarter of next year on labeling those deals that we have touched points on today is being small bolt-ons. The comment you make Scott is very, very appropriate and it’s something that we talk about a lot even here in, especially here in the last two or three weeks is we see a correction like this that we believe this does give us an opportunity, but Scott for privately-owned businesses, I would tell you that there probably is at least a six-month lag on valuation set points and expectations of privately-owned businesses relative to a turning point in the public market.
Brad M. Cerepak: I think that it gets back to the Bob’s point that we walked away from; in the third quarter, two what I would characterize is mid-sized deals. 
Robert A. Livingston: Similar to the size of accelerated do specifically to valuations.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Right. and were those assets of Bob or somebody else or were they – they tabled?
Robert A. Livingston: No, I think one specifically that was the size of, or if not a bit larger than accelerated. we believe that there was an agreement signed, but we don’t know.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Robert A. Livingston: We don’t have any other detail. 
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Yes. I would just imagine there is…
Robert A. Livingston: It truly hasn’t closed yet.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Yes. as we said, there might be some private buyers, they thought that they could get financing three weeks ago may have a little bit of a tougher time now, so…
Robert A. Livingston: Yes.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay. Well that’s great color. thanks, guys. good luck.
Robert A. Livingston: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse.
Julian C. H. Mitchell – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hi, thanks.
Robert A. Livingston: Hi, Julian.
Julian C. H. Mitchell – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hi.
Robert A. Livingston: Good morning Julian.
Julian C. H. Mitchell – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Good morning. Just on the fluids business within pumps, we had just under 3% organic sales growth, and one or two other companies have been out there. even today, talking about weak pump bookings, so just wondered how you’re seeing that market right now?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. it’s interesting, first off, I would – with specific response to your question on bookings, we have not seen a slowdown in order rates, and what I would label the core business, which we look at every – sort of look at weekly and track it pretty tightly. For us, the noise and I’d call it in our up and down activity around order rates, as well as revenue has been more around the project business that we have seen here with the mag acquisition we made a couple of years ago and the Fender acquisition that we closed on about this time last year. but if you look at our core business, what I’d call the core pumps, the Pump Solutions Group business, it’s actually been pretty steady, and even if you back out fender and mag for this year, the growth has been much more consistent than we would have shown on the top line for our Pumps Solutions Group business in total. The North America business has continued to be quite solid, in fact our – I think our sales through distributors and North America has been up double digits this year. we have seen that continuing in the second half. We think we’re in a very good product and competitive position here.
Julian C. H. Mitchell – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Thanks. and then within refrigeration & food equipment, you’re going to split out the three different factors behind the 180 basis point margin decline in Q3. how do you see those three factors kind of changing into Q4, and how quickly should we think that margin can come back?
Robert A. Livingston:  Well, if I had the same revenue level in Q4 as we had in Q3, you’d see the margin come back. the biggest, I would call it almost an embarrassment that we dealt with in refrigeration in the third quarter were the issues around supply chain and logistics, and as I commented earlier actually, I sort of do a mea culpa here and that was sort of self-inflected, I would also tell you that issue was behind us, it was, as we went through the month of September, we feel like that problem was corrected. and by the way, it was corrected well enough that we had a record revenue month at Hill Phoenix in the month of September. A part of the issue, as I commented earlier was some push outs, I would just call it noise around scheduling that was itself inflected that we were having to deal with and that created quite a bit of labor inefficiency and scheduling inefficiencies in July and August particularly July and August. We’ve got a very strong, I’m not sure if it’s a record backlog or not, it very well may be, but we’ve had a very strong backlog at Hill Phoenix as we exit quarter three and the bulk of – a significant amount of our activity for Hill Phoenix for the fourth quarter is actually being delivered and earned in October. And as we sit here a little past mid month, the push outs from October to the early part of November have been minimal.
Julian C. H. Mitchell – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Good, great.
Robert A. Livingston: Let me just add a thought here as you’re asking about margins and bringing into Q4. One thing I do want to point out as we mentioned before is that our energy, I know we’re talking refrigeration right now, but our energy margins in Q4 will be impacted quite significantly by the accelerated deal. And so while you see very solid margins in Q3 that core margin expectation remains, what we will see as an impact of almost let’s say 450 basis points to 500 basis points impact to energy in the fourth quarter due to purchase accounting and the rollover in essence of the inventory through the P&L.
Julian C. H. Mitchell – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusav of J.P. Morgan
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Hey good morning.
Robert A. Livingston: Hi, Steve.
Brad M. Cerepak: Good morning.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Can you maybe just talk about the price cost dynamics that you’ve seen over the last couple of years in energy, I mean, what’s kind of the annual pricing that you’re getting in that business or that you’ve gotten historically in that business in the last several years?
Robert A. Livingston: Brad, help me on this one…
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: I mean the material or is it – I mean is it…
Robert A. Livingston: I would say it was more material in 2010 and in 2011 Steve than it was in 2012, 2013 and 2014. Now, we’ve had a little bit. We see this not just an energy we see this across the board and over. We do always look for opportunities to be a little bit more smart or strategic in our pricing. I would say that the pricing contribution for Dover in total has been close to but perhaps a bit less in 2014 than it was in 2012 and 2013, but it has still been positive.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: So kind of like below like – around flat but up a little bit 10, 20 bps something like that?
Brad M. Cerepak: I would say 20 bps…
Robert A. Livingston: I would use 10 bps to 20 bps, but you started off by asking about energy and I’m going to repeat myself if you don’t mind. We have been dealing with this now for almost a year. It has been something I think I’ve pointed out in the April call. I know I did in the July call and I did again today that in Canada and to a lesser degree in the Bakken basin, we have dealt with price pressure, especially around rods.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: And what kind is that double-digit or is it not much that?
Robert A. Livingston: No. I would say low-to-mid single digit. 
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. And then just on refrigeration, the fourth quarter is pretty self-explanatory I guess Wal-Mart was out at their Investor Day talking about shifting their priorities to spend more on e-commerce and kind of limit the spending on their stores. I mean is there – how does the business look beyond kind of this catch up in the fourth quarter? How are you guys feeling about just the trends in refrigeration spend into 2015?
Robert A. Livingston: We saw the announcement, in fact I would tell you that it was news to us. We’ve seen that in some of the discussions we’ve had with Wal-Mart in the last 30 to 60 days. I think their comments that they shared, Steve, with respect to store activity, number one, was new store construction, and number two, it was new store construction in the U.S.  We fully expect Wal-Mart to continue with a pretty healthy remodel program in 2015 and based upon everything we are seeing and hearing, seeing we’ve actually got some orders on the books and we’ve been told there are more coming that their new store construction and remodel activity outside of the U.S. continues to be pretty healthy next year.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Obin of Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi, yes, good morning. 
Robert A. Livingston: Good morning, Andrew.
Brad M. Cerepak: Good morning.
Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just couple of questions. Can you clarify the weakness in bearings, because given your comments on the strength of the Energy cycle so far, it’s just a little bit surprising to reconcile it? 
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. It’s all around compression activity. And I would – I have to start with a little bit of a revisit perhaps even into the some data we shared and some announcements we saw from some of our customers, as well as some CapEx announcements that were made earlier in the year by some of the larger E&P operators that with and I guess we started to see this late in the first quarter and going into the second quarter, where there was much more of a focus by the big guys in the oil patch to improve their cash flow. And there was some deferment and perhaps even some cancellation of projects. Not that we saw the cancellation. We actually saw some customer cancelling projects in areas outside of North America. And for us, it’s around – that bearing activity is around the gas turbine for pipeline and transmission activity. We do believe that we’ve passed the bottom on that. We’ll see how this one unfolds over the next quarter or two. But we saw in all three, maybe even four of the OEMs that we support with our bearing business, especially GE and Siemens.
Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And can you also comment on Printing & ID, because one of your competitors has also made positive comments about it. I’m just surprised by the organic growth given all the headlines.  
Robert A. Livingston:  Organic growth where? 
Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Printing & ID, Markem-Imaje, specifically North America. Particularly you’ve highlighted consumer strength in the U.S. Could you just comment where that is coming from? 
Robert A. Livingston:  Well, you’re right. We did have pretty strong growth in the U.S. in the third quarter, but I would also point out that it probably stood alone in the third quarter with respect to regional growth rates at MI. But the growth – we’ve actually been experiencing good growth in the U.S. market for – gosh, Brad, 18 months now?
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes. 
Robert A. Livingston: At least 18 months. We commented on that here in our script because it sort of stood alone. Europe was fairly solid, but not like we saw here in the U.S. China, I sort of labeled as okay, but again, not like we saw here in the U.S. It was fairly broad-based in the U.S., both consumables as well as equipment. And I would also say we were pleased with capturing a couple of new customers in the third quarter.
Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Would you attribute most of the strong performance to Dover specific events or do you think it’s just broader markets? They’re just chugging along quite nicely?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I think the market is performing quite nicely. But I’d like to think we over performed the market. 
Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Terrific. Thank you very much. 
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question comes from Nathan Jones of Stifel.
Nathan Hardie Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company:  Good morning, Bob, Brad, Paul
Robert A. Livingston: Good morning.
Paul E. Goldberg: Good morning.
Nathan Hardie Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Just want to follow up on a couple things Julian was asking about earlier on. You talked about within the pump business some noise, I think, you called it, on project activity at Mag and Fender. Can you may be give some more color on that, what you’re seeing out there in the market at the moment and what demand trends look like for you?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay well, I think, two different businesses in two different applications and I call it verticals. Mag is mostly, most of their play is in the chemical and plastics vertical and Fender is mostly in the oil and gas vertical, and even there, I would tell you that most of – almost all of the Fender’s activity is outside of the U.S. market. That still remains an opportunity for us. I don’t have the detail by quarter on how each of those two businesses have shown on their booking trajectory. Just because of the nature of the business and it’s probably little bit more lumpy at Fender than it is at Maag. But nature of their business does include a fair amount of project activity and a project award. And second quarter may result in organic bookings growth, or bookings growth of 20% over booked over the previous year. And the lack of that project award in the third quarter may result in negative bookings growth when you compare it year-over-year. When you look at it over longer periods of time, the growth at Fender, my goodness, has been – is the business up 50% since we acquired the business two years ago. I mean that may be the magnitude of the growth we’ve seen at Maag. What I call the two and half years that we’ve owned the business. And Fender, we’ve owned for a little less than a year and this year has been a year of consolidation and on-boarding of Fender. I think you’ll some growth in Fender next year.
Nathan Hardie Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: But in term of…
Robert A. Livingston: It is a ramped project activity.
Nathan Hardie Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Yes, in terms of maybe RFPs or something like that, you haven’t seen any meaningful change in activity.
Robert A. Livingston: Well I’m not sure I can even answer that with respect to Fender, it is one of the smaller businesses within PSG. And quite frankly I probably don’t pay as much attention to those order rates as I should. I do pay much more attention to Maag just because of its size. And the RFP activity, like I was just speaking last week to the gentleman who runs the business and that customer activity, the RFP activity, is quite strong.
Nathan Hardie Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Great. Thanks. And you also mentioned that Brazil was pretty weak in the quarter, any color you can give on that?
Robert A. Livingston: Yeah, Brazil was ugly.
Nathan Hardie Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Any outlook for when that might change?
Robert A. Livingston: No, it’s ugly and…
Brad M. Cerepak: It’s very smaller for us.
Robert A. Livingston: It’s small.
Brad M. Cerepak: I am not even sure what our revenue base.
Robert A. Livingston: It’s less than $100 million for Dover, but I know sitting here today it’s going to be difficult for us to anticipate or project any growth in Brazil for next year or at least I don’t want to, but in the third quarter our decline in revenue in the third quarter I think was well over 14% in Brazil.
Brad M. Cerepak: And again, I will use the word ugly and I think Paul is about right to chock me and tell me we are out of time.
Paul E. Goldberg: All right. Thanks a lot for your time.
Brad M. Cerepak: Thank you.
Robert A. Livingston: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. This concludes our conference call. We thank you as always for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you in January to go over the full year results. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s third quarter 2014 conference call.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Bob Livingston – President and CEO Brad Cerepak – SVP and CFO Paul Goldberg – VP, IR
Analysts:  Andrew Obin – Banc of America Merrill Lynch Scott Davis – Barclays Capital Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners John Inch – Deutsche Bank Nigel Coe –Morgan Stanley Steve Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co. Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse Deane Dray – Citigroup Charley Brady – BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s second quarter earnings call. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s second quarter operating and financial performance and follow with an update of our 2014 outlook. We will then open up the call to questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, Form 10-Q, investor supplement and associated presentation, can all be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through July 31 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 68710499. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, let me turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. I was pleased with our second quarter results, which were highlighted by solid revenue and strong bookings growth, reflecting the continued momentum across the majority of our businesses. Most notably, Fluids delivered 12% growth and Engineered Systems grew 9%. In all, we generated 6% revenue growth and grew EPS 14%. From a geographic perspective, U.S., Europe and Asia all showed solid organic growth year-over-year. Conversely, Latin America and Brazil activity was softer over that same period. Now, let me share some specific comments on the quarter. In Energy, we continued to benefit from improving well activity and an increased rig count, primarily in our core production and drilling markets. Our bearings and compression revenue was impacted by lower OEM build rates. However, bookings were quite strong, setting us up well for the balance of the year. Within Engineered Systems, we saw strong growth across both platforms. In Printing and Identification growth in both our fast moving consumer goods and industrial markets complemented by acquisitions, resulted in strong performance. The industrial platform also saw broad-based revenue growth led by outstanding results in both environmental solutions and vehicle services.  Our fluid segment performed well, where generally healthy market conditions for both pumps and fluid transfer products complemented by recent acquisitions, resulted in solid revenue growth. Our pumps businesses are benefitting from strong demand and the specialty chemicals vertical while fluid transfer is seeing continued strength driven by increased regulatory activity.  Our refrigeration and food equipment results were generally solid in the second quarter led by strong growth in food equipment. Our quarter two refrigeration results were modestly impacted by the timing of shipments as we completed the transition to our new Atlanta manufacturing center. We expect revenue to accelerate in the third quarter driven by strong bookings and backlog in refrigeration.  In all, we were pleased with the first half and are positioned well to deliver solid full year results. Business activity in our largest markets continues to be strong as evidence by our bookings and backlog. We also continued to execute on our core productivity and growth strategies in the quarter. Notably, we’ve completed the move to our new consolidated manufacturing facilities in Houston and Atlanta. These facilities not only improve manufacturing efficiency, but we also believe our customer service capabilities will be enhanced.  Our acquisition pipeline developed nicely in the quarter. I feel confident we will be able to close several deals that expand our product offerings in served markets, especially within fluids and energy. Regarding our near term business activity, we expect ongoing strong performance in energy, driven by the increased North America well activity, continued growth in Engineered Systems driven by solid U.S industrial trends and global growth in Printing and Identification, strong results in our fluid market on the benefits of our recent acquisitions, and generally healthy end markets and improved sequential results in our refrigeration business. In summary, the combination of a strong first half, robust bookings and a growing backlog and our positioning with customers gives me confidence to raise our full year EPS guidance.  With that, let me turn it over to Brad. 
Brad Cerepak : Thanks Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on Slide 3 of our presentation deck. Today we reported second quarter revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 6%. Organic revenue grew 3% and growth from acquisitions was also 3%. Adjusted EPS was $1.29, an increase of 14%. Segment margin for the quarter was 18.3%, essentially flat with last year. In the quarter we saw margin improvement of 40 basis points in both our energy and refrigeration and food equipment segments.  Of note, our overall margin would have been up 40 basis points, adjusting for the impact of acquisitions. Bookings increased 11% over the prior year to $2.1 billion. This result represents broad-based growth across the company highlighted by 26% growth in fluids and 15% growth in energy.  Engineered Systems and refrigeration of food equipment both posted bookings growth of 5%. Overall, book to bill finished at a strong 1.02, which sets us up well for the back half of the year. Our backlog increased significantly in the quarter, up 12% to $1.6 billion.  Free cash flow $154 million for the quarter or 8% of revenue. Free cash flow reflected higher working capital in anticipation of a strong third quarter. For the full year we continue to forecast free cash flow of approximately 11% of revenue.  Now turning to Slide 4, all segments showed organic growth in the quarter. Engineered Systems grew 5% with broad-based growth across both platforms. Energy grew 3% on the continued strength of drilling activity. Fluids & Refrigeration and in food equipment grew 2% and 1% respectively, resulting in overall organic revenue growth of 3%. Acquisition growth in the quarter was 3% comprised of 9% in fluids, 4% Engineered Systems and 1% in energy.  Turning to Slide 5 and our sequential results. Revenue increased 9% from the first quarter, where normal seasonal growth of 27% in refrigeration and food equipment was complemented by 8% growth in Engineered Systems. Fluids and energy were both largely unchanged sequentially. Sequential bookings grew 2%, demonstrating continued momentum coming off a strong first quarter. This result was led by 10% growth in refrigeration and food equipment. Fluids grew by 3% and energy was essentially unchanged, whereas Engineered Systems decreased 3%. Overall, the bookings activity was quite positive and positions as well as we begin the second half of the year.  Now on slide 6. Energy revenue of $481 million increased 3% and earnings of $115 million were up 5% over last year. Energy produced another good quarter with solid revenue growth in our drilling and production markets, offsetting softness in our bearings end markets related to OEM build rates. Within drilling and production, growth was driven by improving well activity and the continued strong performance of our drilling businesses. Notably, our core U.S artificial lift business grew sharply and more than offset tough comps related to our largest drilling contract, which is winding down. We believe we’re well positioned for a follow on contract, which is expected to be awarded later this year.  Operating margin of 23.9% improved 40 basis points from last year and was in line with our expectations. Bookings were $477 million, a 15% increase over the prior year reflecting broad-based growth across those segments, driven by generally healthy end markets. Book to bill was 0.99.  Now turning to Slide 7. Engineered Systems had a strong quarter, with sales of $699 million in earnings of $112 million, each increased 9%. Our Printing & Identification platform increased 15% to $287 million, driven by broad-based organic growth of 6% and recent acquisitions. In the Industrial platform, revenue grew 6% to $412 million, reflecting 5% organic growth. Our environmental solutions and vehicle service activity remains particularly strong in this platform. Margin remained steady at 16.1% with the benefits of ongoing productivity initiatives largely offset product mix and acquisition related costs. Bookings were $692 million, an increase of 5%. Our Printing & Identification bookings increased 9% to $282 million, boosted by recent acquisitions and strong activity in the U.S and in Europe. Industrial bookings increased 3% to $410 million, largely driven by strong orders in our environmental solutions business. Book to bill for Printing & Identification was 0.98 while Industrials was 1. Overall book to bill was 0.99.  Now on Slide 8. Fluids posted another solid quarter where sales increased 12% to $346 million and earnings of $63 million were up 7%. Revenue was driven by organic growth of 2% and acquisition growth of 9%. As previously discussed, our organic growth rate moderated to 2% in the quarter, and now stands at 7% for the first half. This result is tracking well against our full year target. Segment margin was 18.2%, a decrease of 70 basis points from the prior year. Adjusting for recent acquisitions, our core business continues to perform extremely well, with margin of about 20%. We expect overall segment margin to remain in the high teens for the balance of the year, continuing to reflect the impact of recent acquisitions. Bookings were $375 million, an increase of 26% driven by strong project related order activity in the plastics and petrochemical markets, some of which will ship in 2015. Book to bill was 1.08.  Now let’s turn to Slide 9. Refrigeration and food equipment generated revenue of $522 million, up 1% over the prior year and earning increased 3% to $85 million. Strong revenue performance in food equipment was partially offset by softer Latin American refrigeration markets and the impact related to the completion of the transition to our new Atlanta manufacturing center. We entered the second half with a strong refrigeration backlog, up 16% over the prior year and expect strong shipments in the third quarter. Operating margin increased 40 basis points to 16.3%. This result primarily reflects productivity gains and a favorable product mix. Bookings were strong at $543 million, an increase of 5%, principally reflecting strong demand for refrigeration products. Book to bill was 1.04.  Now moving to the overview on Slide 10. Second quarter net interest expense was $32 million, up $2 million from last year and in line with expectations. Corporate expense decreased $6 million to $29 million as expected and generally consistent with Q1. Our second quarter tax rate was 30.8%. Capital expenditures were $44 million in the quarter. Lastly, we repurchased 290,000 shares for $25 million in the quarter.  Now moving to Slide 11 which shows our full year guidance. We expect 2014 organic revenue growth to be around 4% at the high end of our previous range. We expect energy to be roughly 5%, the high end of the prior range driven by strong North American market dynamics. Engineered Systems organic revenue was forecast to be up one point to 4% to 5% based on their strong Printing and Identification business and improved U.S Industrial activity. Refrigeration and food equipment is anticipated to have approximately 1% to 2% organic growth, reflecting a one point reduction from our prior forecast, primarily driven by a weaker Latin America. Our fluids organic revenue forecast remains unchanged. Completed acquisitions will add 3%.  In total we expect full year revenue growth to be near the high end of our 6% to 7% range. Segment margin is still expected to be around 18%. Corporate expense is forecasted at $125 million. Interest expense remains at $133 million. Our full year tax rate is estimated to be about 31%. CapEx should be approximately 2.5% of revenue and we expect our 2014 free cash flow will be approximately 11% of revenue. Now turning to the bridge on Slide 12. We have raised the bottom and top end of our EPS range to reflect our current view. We now see volume pricing mix contributing $0.26 to $0.33. Productivity will add $0.17 to $0.21 while investment and compensation will have an $0.18 to $0.22 impact. All other categories are either unchanged or reflect minor revisions. In total we now expect 2014 EPS to be $4.75 to $4.85. This represents 11% growth at the mid-point. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Bob for some final thoughts. 
Bob Livingston : Thanks Brad. Overall, I am pleased with our first half performance. We delivered solid revenue and earnings growth and also saw strong order activity. We are executing well and are well positioned for continued success driven by strong dynamics in each segment. Within energy we expect a strong growth in North American well activity to continue. This growth, combined with our global initiatives, including the potential for additional Australian project business, positions us very well into the second half of the year and beyond. In Engineered Systems, growing global applications for our printing and identification technology, including the emerging textile market provides higher growth opportunities. Within our industrial markets, our customers’ desire for productivity solutions, offer significant growth prospects. Within Fluids, increasing regulations regarding vapor recovery and the safe transport of chemicals and fuels affords a strong business climate for our fluid transfer businesses. Additionally our pumps business is benefiting from strong plastics and petrol chemical markets.  Finally, in refrigeration and food equipment, we continue to focus on the ongoing needs of our customers for productivity and energy efficient solutions. In addition, we’re continually working to help them drive same store sales growth through our innovative merchandising systems. We expect to outperform market again, driven by market leading products and solutions. In all, the future remains extremely bright for Dover and I am very confident about our positioning and long-term growth prospects. In closing, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results.  With that Paul, let’s take a few questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks. Before we put on the first question Laurie, I just want to remind everyone if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow up, we’ll be better able to serve all the analysts out there. So Laurie, what is our first question?
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Obin of Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Sure. So question on the quarter. As I think about margin expansion opportunities for the year, energy bookings were nice. Fluids were really nice. You actually showed margin expansion in energy, and if you exclude M&A, fluids were very strong. So, what's the opportunity, and why are we still being conservative? What's the big headwind that we should worry about in the second half?
Bob Livingston: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Obin – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Morning.
Bob Livingston: Your specific question is what should we be concerned about with respect to productivity and margins in the second half or was it …?
Andrew Obin – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. I guess the question is, if I look at the strong book-to-bill, if I look at the fact that (inaudible) -- for the second half of the year on margin. 
Bob Livingston: I think the guidance or the comment that Brad shared with you that margins for the year we still look to them to be about 18%, I actually feel pretty darn comfortable with that about 18% number. That doesn’t – I’m not going to sit here and give you a specific guidance that it’s 17.9% or 18.1%, but right now we feel pretty darn comfortable with the 18% number. The growth rate in the second half, organic growth rate for Dover overall should be up a bit versus the first half. We are seeing some pretty positive dynamics across the board in all four segments. Goodness, we could revisit each one of the segments and talk about it, but I think we sit here and look at the second half and feel like it’s strongly within our grasp to just execute.
Brad Cerepak: I guess what I would add, Andrew, is that our first half margin performance into the second half sequentially is going to improve for sure. As we talked about first quarter, we go back to the first quarter, acquisitions impact is about 70 basis points. This quarter it’s about 40 basis points. That starts to diminish as we continue to integrate and bring them on board through the second half where the full year impact is around 30 to 40 basis points. You will see that margin rate first half to second half sequentially improve for us.
Andrew Obin – Banc of America Merrill Lynch: And just a follow up question on acquisition pipeline development, you started out the year talking about $500 million to $1 billion. Then you dialed it down. Now you guys are talking about M&A opportunities as well, but what’s the reasonable outcome for the year right now and I guess any color beyond that? Thank you.
Bob Livingston: Yeah, you’re right. I opened the year with a little bit of guidance saying $500 million to $1billion in acquisition spend. I think it was -- by the time we got into April and May, I was sharing with you that that number could be closer to $500 million than a $1billion. Without sounding too positive, I would tell you today on an update that it's probably closer to the midpoint. Yeah, it's always difficult to predict an acquisition until we actually close on it. The profile hasn’t changed any from what I've shared with the analysts and investors earlier. There’s nothing that I would label as large in our pipeline. Anything from as small as $10 million to $400 million, that’s there we are. 
Operator: Your next question comes in the line of Scott Davis of Barclays.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Just wanted to get a little granularity on Printing and ID. That was a business that was a bit of a soft spot for you a while and now you've bounced back the last couple quarters. It looks like you gained a fair amount of share this quarter based on at least what your competitor -- main competitor is putting out there. How is -- give us a little sense of the sustainability of this. When I think about it, you're in a share loss position. You came back with some new product. You gained share back. Is this a one-time step-up where you're kind of back in the game, if you will, and then that more normalizes with industry growth or is this something bigger than that?
Bob Livingston: Scott, let me correct a couple of statements first. 
Davis – Barclays: Please do.
Bob Livingston: I actually think we’ve been back on the game to quote your phrase, for more than just a couple of quarters. I think you can go back over, perhaps the last – at least the last four or five quarters and see the building momentum within that business. They’ve had -- Markem Imaje had another great second quarter. Actually I think they had a great first half. I think they’ve had a very, very strong last four quarters. Organic growth for MI in the second quarter, Brad was 8%?
Brad Cerepak: 8%
Bob Livingston: Okay. It was fairly broad-based. I would point and I think Brad commented on this with respect to refrigeration and I commented on it in my opening comments. All of Latin and South America has been rather soft here in the second quarter across the board for Dover. That didn’t escape MI, Markem Imaje as well. But when you look at our activity in the U.S, our activity in Europe and in Asia, the team is doing quite well. I think it's sustainable. We’re showing very strong positive organic growth for the second half of the year. We’ve got new products being launched in the second half of the year as well. 
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay. Fair enough. So, this is a little bit of a -- my follow-up is a little bit of a political hot cake. When I think about companies that, like yours, that have relatively high tax rates it's not crazy, but 30% plus is higher than the average in the group.
Bob Livingston: Yeah.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Would you consider an inversion? Has there been any thought of doing something internationally? Because there are some potential targets out there, of course, that could potentially make sense for you guys also and the added benefit of tax would certainly make it more attractive.
Bob Livingston: I don’t want to say never ever but it clearly isn’t in our planning or thinking as we sit here today. 
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay, I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Brad Cerepak: Scott, back to the tax rate, we’ve said that we look at our taxes because of our geo mix. As we become more global, we do see a path to below 30%. And that’s where we currently still believe we can get to. We’ll continue to see the benefits of for instance the Markem Imaje growth is very global and it has a lower tax rate associated with it. So I do think we’ll get below 30%. I think we said that by 2016. 
Bob Livingston: And a fair amount of our acquisition spend over the last 18 months has been outside of the U.S. I think seven of our last 10 or 11 acquisitions have been outside of the US. 
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital:
 :
Bob Livingston: Technically, no.
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay. That’s all I was really asking. So, thank you guys. Good luck. Congrats on a good quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: I was wondering if we could just talk about energy margins a little bit more. They were up year over year, but last year was depressed. I actually would have thought with a surge in drilling and production in the U.S that would be very mix positive and your margins are actually down sequentially on flat slightly up revenues sequentially. So is there something with mixer investment or something else going on in there? 
Bob Livingston: I don’t think there is anything different going on. We continue and I think I’ve commented on this at least once this year -- we continue to make our investments for supporting our geo mix, growth especially in the Middle East and in Southeast Asia and in Australia. We are at a low point rate now in our Australia activity with respect to energy Low point in sales ...
Brad Cerepak: Low point in sales and high -- and the cost that’s still there for the next ...
Bob Livingston: Yeah, the cost is there. So, that has a little bit of weight on the margins. But Jeff, I would tell you that we ended last year and energy with margins of 24.8%. And I think my comment a couple of times last year is I happened to like that number and I believe that’s about where we are going to end 2014, is about 24.8%.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Would that imply Bob, that there actually is upside in that number and you’re spending it away because at this margin level you’d obviously prefer growth over margin? Or do you think you are at some natural ceiling in that business? 
Bob Livingston: We are -- I would tell you that -- again I’m going to repeat myself with respect to the investment that we are making and our geo mix initiatives as well as the near term carrying cost of what we are doing in Australia, has some pressure on the margins. Some of it also has to do with some of the recent acquisitions Jeff. Every acquisition we make in energy doesn’t come out of the gate with 25% operating margins. 
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Right, and then just finally move on. Someone else this morning indicated a broad-based “fade” in activity in Europe in June. Did you guys see anything like that?
Bob Livingston: Broad-based what? Fade ...
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Fade. 
Bob Livingston: Fade of bookings or activity. 
Bob Livingston: No. I would say our activity in Europe was again pretty solid across the board for Dover businesses. Generally speaking June was the best month for us in the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch of Deutsche Bank.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: Bob and Brad, so I guess Domino called out -- I know you sort of indirectly referenced this, but, they did call out difficult product ID in Asia. What do you -- what's your sense of market conditions in Dover's performance and product ID in Asia? And, maybe you could talk a little bit about what your -- are you looking to do M&A there, or build the presence?
Bob Livingston: Specific to product ID? 
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: Yes, please.
Bob Livingston: Was that the question? We continue to see growth in Asia both organic as well as what we are reporting as acquisition activity, John. The recent acquisition we made earlier in the year of MS Printing does -- they do ship a fair amount of their systems into Asia. That said I will tell that the growth rate, the activity for Markem Imaje, specific to Markem Imaje, the activity in China specifically was not as strong in the second quarter as perhaps what we’ve seen over the last two or three quarters. But I think I have signaled that a couple of times here in the last two or three months. 
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: No, I think you have. Any of your other businesses, Bob, inflected in China, either more positively of more negatively that you saw in the quarter? 
Bob Livingston: Well, when you look at the number for Dover for China, to get a real sense of that, you’ve sort of got to pull out the lumpiness that we do experience in our food equipment business specific to Belvac and their project shipments into China. But I think all in for China, what was our growth rate? It was mid-teens in China for the second quarter.
Brad Cerepak: Which included a large Belvac.
Bob Livingston: But it did include a Belvac shipment.
Brad Cerepak: So I think adjusting for that John …
Bob Livingston: I’m not -- let me give you a highlight. I’m not concerned about our activity in China. I know there’s been a little bit of a slowdown that we’ve all been experiencing in China over the past couple or three quarters. I don’t label it as a problem. It has been a little bit -- for the core activities, it’s been a little bit slower in the second quarter than perhaps it was a year ago. But our businesses are doing quite well in China.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: Yeah. And then my follow up, Bob, it really is to the energy business you’re putting investment spending into international artificial lift market. Middle East is a source of growth. My question is this turmoil that we’ve seen in the Middle East, has that in any way impacted sort of what your customers have said with respect to project disbursements and spending? I realize your business is not centered in Iraq or Syria or any of those places. But I’m just wondering about the implications of what you’re hearing and does it cause you perhaps to sort of think about modifying your pace of investment spending, either more forcefully or less forcefully in the region for the energy businesses? 
Bob Livingston: Okay, so let me respond to activity. Your first part was activity in the Middle East. Our activity there continues to expand. Perhaps, I don’t have this exact comparison, but my sense is John that our activity in the Middle East is probably at pace or a bit ahead of pace of our investment rate of change in the Middle East. The second part of your question was with respect to customers. It’s interesting that when you’ve read the headlines over the last three or four months with respect to some of the larger oil and gas customers pulling back from either the Middle East or maybe some larger projects around the world and a little bit more focus per se on the opportunities in North America, I think we’ve seen that. On one data point we’d seen that with respect to the increased rig count and well activity here this year. But that whole backing CapEx, I will tell you I happen to think it’s a little bit of the phenomenon behind the slowness or the deferrals we’ve seen in our bearings and compression business activity. 
Operator: The next question comes to the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe –Morgan Stanley: So just wanted to – Brad I think you called out that obviously you have pretty good strength in the fluids backlog, but some of that backlog converts in ‘15. So I’m just wondering are we seeing a change in mix between maybe some large projects coming through there and perhaps you can give some color on that, Brad? 
Bob Livingston: I know -- this is Bob and I know that part of our backlog in fluids is dated into ‘15 and it’s really related to a couple of our more recent acquisitions, the MOG acquisition that was completed about two years ago and then the Finder acquisition that was completed last fall, which are more systems type of businesses rather than distributed product. Is there a change in our profile? Other than that I’m going to say no. The fluid for the segment organic growth in the second quarter was obviously less than it was in the first quarter and I think when we reported first quarter results we clearly indicated that we had some projects that were shipped in the first quarter, that as we opened the year we actually had them planed for shipment in early second quarter and at customer request we pulled them forward. Organic growth for fluids in the first half was 7%, I think we are going to be real close to that organic growth rate, maybe a little bit less in the second half. We will always see a little bit of the lumpiness due to the project nature of the business model we have at MOG and at Finder. Both businesses are doing well with the customers and both businesses are growing. 
Nigel Coe –Morgan Stanley: Great. And then, just turning back to the M&A backlog, you started the year with that range, and then you sort of went below that range and now you're moving back to the midpoint. I'm just wondering, what's happened in the last two months? Are we starting to see more willing sellers coming through, or am I just overthinking this?
Bob Livingston: I think you may be overthinking it, Nigel. We can define a pipeline and Brad and I, internally we review this weekly what our status is and status changes. I would tell you that we are moving forward on an acquisition opportunity today that three months ago I would have told you it’s probably not going to happen until 2015. It’s not a new target. It’s not something that represents a change in our attitude or our pricing discipline. The position with the target changed a bit. So just don’t over think that. I still feel comfortable with the range that I opened the year with, the $500 million to $1 billion. And as I said earlier in the call, maybe today we are closer to that midpoint in that range. 
Nigel Coe –Morgan Stanley: Okay. That's very helpful, Bob. And, just quickly, just to clarify a certain point. Any ambition to move outside of your defined growth areas? So obviously, fluids and NG, refrigeration, PID have been sort of your sort of growth avenues, but any desire to maybe add one or two other growth avenues going forward, maybe Greenfield?
Bob Livingston: I don’t think you are going to see us do that in the next year or two, Nigel. I think what you do see and we’ve been -- I think we’ve been illustrating this for the past couple of years now and these primary growth spaces that we’ve focused on we continue to push into new adjacencies and to grow our market space and to grow and increase the size of the available market that we can play in. And we think we can have plenty of opportunity to continue to do that for the next couple of years. 
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Your next question comes from the line of Steve Winoker of Sanford Bernstein. 
Steve Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: First question is how much of the bookings number is acquired bookings from acquisitions of the 11%?
Bob Livingston: Yeah. I don’t have dollar number. I can give you a data point here though. On the second quarter bookings organic growth, the total growth of 11% of that organic was 7.5%.
Steve Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay, great. And, on the guidance, as I sort of look at what you changed and walked through, it seems like you're looking at something like 33% incremental on the additional volume growth. And then, it looks like investment and compensation improved by $0.01, and productivity tightened up a little bit as well. Am I reading that correctly in terms of how you're thinking about it? And then, on the investment comp side, what was improving and on the productivity side, what changed?
Bob Livingston: There’s a lot in that question. 
Steve Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: I'm only allowed two.
Bob Livingston: The second quarter conversion rate ex acquisition was very, very positive, no doubt about it coming off of first quarter which was reasonably good as well. We are still thinking that the full year conversion on all the volume is in that range of 27% to 28%. So yeah, the incremental is a little bit -- the mix gives you a little bit of stronger conversion. As it relates to changes in the bridge, again I think we’re just typing up a little bit on the volume and the mix. As far as productivity we continue to put considerable focus in this area in order to continue to drive performance and be able to make the investments we’re looking to make. I’d say sitting here today we feel very good about the progress we’ve made on productivity. We’ve got a lot of projects underway that will drive incremental gross productivity for us that’s slightly better than we anticipated early in the year. As far as compensation, I’d say that’s just normal activity or true ups of where we think we’ll be for the year in the compensation.
Brad Cerepak : Nothing unusual?
Bob Livingston: Nothing unusual.
Steve Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay, great. One follow-up on the productivity side, though. The refrigeration plant move, did you run those plants in parallel? Or, did you do a hard turnover that drove the revenue decline?
Bob Livingston: There was a little overlap and the revenue declined. As we said the decline is just a deferral to the third quarter. We didn’t lose any customer orders or anything in our bookings or backlog. It’s in the backlog in essence. It’s about $10 million or so of sales that will move into the third quarter. We had a little overlap of cost both in Houston and both in Atlanta and I’d say that overlap of cost would cost us about a penny in the quarter in total for both of those facilities. But that will diminish now or go to zero in the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Sullivan of RBC Capital.
Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets: Most of my questions have been answered, but maybe just one on the industrial business. You've had some decent organic growth there the last couple of quarters. Maybe you could just talk about where you're seeing the strength in ESG, VSG and maybe how you see the sustainability of those end markets? 
Bob Livingston: Okay. You’re right. As we commented in the earlier part of the call in the industrial platform, we saw some outstanding activity. We’ve seen it for the year. Actually I would say that this is not new. We’ve been – these two business areas have been performing quite well over the last I would say at least 12 months, if not 18 months. And we see it continuing in the second half and these two businesses are very well positioned in their marketplace and with their customers. We see that being quite sustainable. 
Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. And then, just a follow-up on the free cash flow targets, your confidence there given where you are in the first half, should we just look at it as a normal seasonal pattern, or is there an additional weighting this year toward the second half versus normal?
Bob Livingston: I’d say it’s mostly the same sessional pattern. But if I look at the second quarter the performance was okay, maybe a little bit lower than what we were looking for. But as I said earlier, June was our best month in the quarter and the teams have really – we’re setup nicely now in going into the third quarter so there’s a little bit of carry of working capital. So, on the edges maybe the second half is a little bit higher than we would have expected to going into the year. 
Brad Cerepak : But we still feel very comfortable with the 11% target.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: On the refrigeration business, even with the deferral, can you just maybe talk about -- or if you ex out the deferral, could you just talk about what you're seeing from just maybe segment the customers from the Big-Box guys to the more local customers on that front?
Bob Livingston: Okay. This question -- my answer is going to be more specific and I think you question is to Hill Phoenix. First of all on the big customers, without sharing information on an individual customer, I’ll say the big two that we’ve talked about over the last couple of years, Wal-Mart and Target, we’ve got a little bit of headwind that we’re dealing with this year. Most of that has actually occurred in the first half. When you look beyond the big two and look at the regional retailers, that activity has been up for us. We’ve seen it in all parts of the business, be it the cases, be it the doors as well as our refrigeration systems. 
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Got you. And then, just a follow-up --.
Bob Livingston: Steve, I could give you another color point on that. If we have any concern right now relative to where we were coming into the year, I'm going to bring you back to my comments earlier about the softness we’ve seen in Latin America and South America. I don’t know the exact number, but I want to say it was probably somewhere in the $11 million $15 million range for the first half. Revenue expectations in Latin America and South America were that much softer than we anticipated. And sitting here today, I will tell you that we aren’t planning for a recovery or a rebound in Latin America or South America in 2014. That recovery is not in our numbers. 
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: And that's core Hill Phoenix as opposed to Anthony?
Bob Livingston: That one is probably – That’s Hill Phoenix and Anthony and our after-market services all together. 
Brad Cerepak: But it's not entirely just that business sponsor Bob is referring. That’s the total company, but I would say Hill Phoenix is probably a bigger part of that softness that we’re talking about. 
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Right. And then, just a quick update, so your business is down a little bit in the first half. I guess the margin is down a tad there as well for the whole segment. What is -- how is Anthony doing? And, what's the -- just remind me of the revenue base Anthony will represent in 2014?
Bob Livingston: Oh my goodness. Let’s see. We track Anthony now as the business unit on doors only. All of the after-market activity of Hill Phoenix and Anthony has been combined into a separate business unit that is now reported under Hill Phoenix. So on doors only, what's the revenue base? $250 million just on doors and – I call it glass and door frames. 
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay, and that compares to what in 2013?
Bob Livingston: It's up mid-single digits.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay.
Bob Livingston: Maybe a little higher than that, yeah.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: And the margins flattish for the segment?
Bob Livingston: Okay, that’s something – you’re going to get some detail now that we don’t release, but we’re happy with the margins. 
Operator: Our next question comes in the line of Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks. I just wanted to follow up on refrigeration again because I guess you took down the organic growth guide a little bit for the year, but you had had a very good book-to-bill in Hill Phoenix in Q1. I think you said it was 1.3. And, the plant deferral stuff you'll get back. So, is it really just Latin America suddenly got very bad in the last couple of months in that business? Because you did have a very -- as you said, you did have a very good book-to-bill in three months ago. 
Bob Livingston: The book-to-bill for Hill Phoenix and for – especially for Hill Phoenix was very strong in the first quarter as well as it was in the second quarter. It's interesting. Again for Hill Phoenix, because of the way -- I call it the seasonal period builds and runs. That seasonal period being the second and the third quarter combined. Actually you get a better picture when you look at the period rather than the quarters because projects can move from quarter to quarter. If you were to look at the 2014 seasonal period, second and third quarter, versus last year’s seasonal period, I think Hill Phoenix will be up two to three points organically. 
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Got it. And then, just on --
Bob Livingston: We are expressing some caution around Latin America and South America. And I think that’s what you really see reflected in a little bit of the down take on the organic growth rate for the second. 
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Thank you. And then, I think just on capital allocation. The last earnings call you talked about maybe giving a buyback update during Q2. I think in the quarter you spent about $25 million on the buyback. Is that a sort of a run rate we should expect, given you sound pretty positive about the M&A pipeline?
Bob Livingston: I think you could expect to see that run rate continue in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dean Dray of Citi Research. 
Deane Dray – Citigroup: I might have missed it, but did you give a specific percentage amount you thought the North American rig count could be trending up for the year? We have been tracking -- it was interesting. In the beginning of the year, it was flattish and then last update, maybe 2%. It sounds like you're a bit more encouraged here. So, do you have a number for that?
Bob Livingston: Yeah. We look at -- based upon the first actuals and the second half forecast we see the rig count in the US being up about 6% over 2013.
Deane Dray – Citigroup: That's quite a jump. Are you expecting thy share gains in that higher volume or just holding steady there?
Bob Livingston: I’m not going to speak to share gains; I would tell you that -- to get a really good feel I probably need to separate some business activity for you, Dean. I’ve commented about our project business in Australia. If you were to separate just – I’m going to give you some data just on artificial lift, not the segment, but just on artificial lift. If you were to pull out the Australia project business and look at artificial lift without it, the revenue growth in the second quarter was about 8%. Bookings were up about 16%. If you were to look at – again doing it for the full year that’s embedded in our revised guidance, you would see artificial lift up 15% or 16%. And bookings up – I’m sorry that would be the bookings about 15% or 16% increase in bookings and low double digit growth in revenue in artificial lift.
Deane Dray – Citigroup: That's for the full year?
Bob Livingston: That’s for the full year. Activity in North America is pretty strong, Dean taking Australia out.
Deane Dray – Citigroup: Yeah. That certainly is reflected there. Then, just a last quick one for me, and it's a blast from the past, but for Brad, are there any stranded costs that will be addressed in Knowles, or is that chapter completely closed? 
Brad Cerepak : I think that chapter has been pretty well complete. We continued to work on some smaller areas. But as we said in the first quarter I think we brought our corporate cost down quite nicely. We continue to keep the cost associated with the regional centers in the sense of where we’re going to try to grow globally or we are growing globally. I think that chapter is really closed at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charley Brady of BMO Capital Markets.
Charley Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Just a quick one on refrigeration. You had touched on a few points of it, but I guess as I look to the -- you answered the question of the revenue outlook for the second half given some moving parts here. But, if I look to the margin, we don't have a headwind from Target and Wal-Mart. We certainly have a great reduction in that. We've got a catch-up from the shipments from 2Q into 3Q. I guess I look out to the margin expectation in the second half, and I guess particularly into Q3, it sounds as though that ought to get a decent tick-up in some of the margin there. But, I guess what I'm really trying to square that up is, how much of a margin headwind does Latin America really give you to offset these other moving parts that otherwise would indicate pretty good margin performance in 2H?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So look, there’s more to the segment than just refrigeration. We’ve got a sector we call food equipment. And it’s interesting in the first half of 2014, I think organic growth for food equipment was slightly positive, like two points, even with the headwind we had it in Latin America and here is a point where our position, where we actually see a little bit of a headwind in Eastern Europe and in Russia, but it’s minor. But for this sector, for this little group it’s measurable. The second half of the year we see organic growth in our refrigeration business two or three points, but because of the project activity that I mentioned earlier around Belvac, the second half in food equipment could actually be negative organic growth slightly. And here now is the point on your margins. The food equipment group has higher margins that the refrigeration group does. So what you see in the second half is some increased volume, but you don’t see the margin increments flowing through and it’s all due to product mix between the two sectors.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: We just want to thank everybody again for joining our conference call today and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter to discuss third quarter results. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s second quarter 2014 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and `have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-17 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Paul Goldberg – VP, IR Bob Livingston – President and CEO Brad Cerepak – SVP and CFO
Analysts:  Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse Joe Ritchie – Goldman Sachs Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners John Inch – Deutsche Bank Nathan Jones – Stifel Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets Deane Dray – Citi Walter Liptak – Global Hunter 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the First Quarter 2014 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s first quarter earnings call. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s first quarter operating and financial performance and follow with an update of our 2014 outlook. We will then open up the call to questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings presentation Form 10-Q, investor supplement can all be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 1 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code 22393135. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our first quarter results were highlighted by strong revenue growth, broad-based bookings growth and building momentum as we through the quarter. Most notable, fluids delivered 26% growth and Engineered Systems grew 7%. In all, we generated 7% revenue growth and grew EPS 9%. From a geographic perspective, our U.S. markets were strong. Our European markets continued to show improvement for the third consecutive quarter. Lastly, our China markets moderated sequentially. Now, let me share some specific comments on the quarter. In Energy, we continued to benefit from improving well activity and a modestly increased rig count, especially in the U.S. We should continue to see broad-based growth as the year unfolds driven by increased well completion. Our bearings and compression markets were very solid and should remain so for the balance of the year. Overall Energy’s results were in line with our expectations going into the quarter. Within our Engineered Systems segment, we saw strong growth across both platforms. In our Printing & Identification platform, solid growth in both our fast moving consumer goods and industrial markets, complimented by acquisitions resulted in strong performance. The industrial platform also saw a broad-based revenue growth led by outstanding results and our waste handling and vehicle service markets. Our fluids segment outperformed, where our recent acquisitions plus healthy market conditions were both pumps and fluid transfer resulted in very solid revenue growth. Our pumps businesses are benefiting from strong demand in the plastics and petrochemical verticals. And first quarter results were boosted by strong project shipments into these markets. Our refrigeration and food equipment segment results were solid, though slightly below last year and our expectations, is the timing of customer projects impacted the quarter. Our bookings were very strong, giving us confidence in this segment’s growth plan for the full year. Across the segment our customers continue to seek our productivity, energy efficiency and merchandizing solutions that enable them to better compete in their markets. In all, we were pleased with the start of the year. Business activity was strong and we executed well in our strategy. We continue to focus on growth through international expansion and acquisitions. The most notable initiatives were adding resources for artificial lift in Australia and the Middle East and the acquisition of companies in the digital print space. Regarding near-term business activity, we expect ongoing solid performance in Energy, driven by the continuing increase in well activity, continued growth in Engineered Systems driven by improved U.S. industrial trends and expanded global sales and service resources in Printing & Identification. Strong results in our fluid markets are the benefits of our recent acquisitions and generally helping global end markets. And greatly improve sequential results in our refrigeration and food equipment markets. Beyond these near-term trends, macro-trends such as improving U.S. industrial activity and the continuing recovery in Europe will also help drive growth given our geographic business mix. In addition to an improving macro-environment, we have ample opportunity to improve margin. We are working to drive synergies on our recent acquisitions and are increasing lean and productivity projects. As a result, we do expect stronger margin in the back half of the year as we continue to execute on these plans. Our pipeline remains active and we are working on several small to medium sized deals. In summary, I’m very pleased with our results. The combination of a strong first quarter, growing bookings and backlog and our positioning with customers, give me great confidence that we will have an outstanding year. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob, good morning everyone. Let’s start on slide 3 of our presentation deck. Today we reported first quarter revenue of $1.9 billion, an increase of 7%. Organic revenue grew 4% and growth from acquisitions was 3%. Adjusted EPS was $1.1, an increase of 9. Segment margin for the quarter was 16.7%, a 40-basis point decrease from last year. This result reflects solid execution in our core business and was in line with our expectations. Margin was impacted by recent acquisitions in three of our four segments and in all, had a 70-basis point impact in the quarter. Bookings increased 5% over the prior year period to $2 billion. This result represents 20% growth in fluids, and 11% growth in Engineered Systems. Bookings increased 2% in refrigeration and food equipment. Energy bookings decreased 7% primarily driven by tough comps on a large international artificial lift project. Adjusting for this project, Energy bookings increased 5%. Overall, book to bill finished at 1.98, which is in line with seasonal trends. Backlog increased 7% to $1.5 billion. Now turning to slide 4. Fluids grew 14% organically driven by strong markets and project related activities in plastics and petrochemical. Energy grew 4% on the strength of drilling activity. Engineered Systems also grew 4% with broad-based growth across both platforms. Refrigeration and food equipment declined 3% largely the result of project timing with our customers. Overall organic revenue growth was 4%. Acquisition growth in the quarter was 3%, comprised of 11% in fluids, 3% Engineered Systems, and 1% in Energy. Now turning to slide 5 on our sequential results. Revenue was essentially unchanged from the fourth quarter where strong sequential growth of 5% in energy was largely offset by a 4% decrease in refrigeration and food equipment. Sequential bookings grew 8% largely in line with our normal seasonal pattern as all segment showed growth. Engineered Systems bookings growth was 11% broad-based across both platforms. And refrigeration and food equipments increased 10% driven by normal seasonality in our refrigeration markets. Energy bookings increased 9%, with growth in all end markets. Lastly, fluids bookings were up 3%. Now on slide 6. Energy revenue of $479 million increased 4% in earnings of $119 million were unchanged. Energy produced another solid quarter with revenue growth in both our drilling and production in bearings and compression end markets. Within drilling and production, growth was driven by improving well activity, especially Shale related, though partially offset by weak winch markets. Operating margin of 24.8% was down 90 basis points from last year, in line with our expectations. Bookings were $478 million, a 7% decrease from the prior year. Solid growth in bearings and compression was offset by tough comps in drilling and production, principally reflecting lumpy orders related to a large international artificial lift project. As reported, book to bill was one. Adjusting for this project, book to bill was 1.04 representing 5% growth. Now turning to slide 7. Engineered Systems had an excellent quarter, where sales increased 7% to $650 million and earnings of $92 million were up 11%. Our Printing & Identification platform revenue increased 11% to $264 million, driven by broad-based organic growth of 5% in recent acquisitions. In the industrial platform, revenue grew 5% to $386 million reflecting 4% organic growth. Our waste handling and vehicle service markets were particularly strong in this platform. Continued strong execution and cost reduction activities drove operating margin to 14.2%, up 40 basis points, reflecting solid leverage on volume. Bookings were $710 million, an increase of 11%. Our Printing & Identification bookings increased 19% to $283 million boosted by recent acquisitions and strong execution in the U.S. and China. Industrial bookings increased 5% to $428 million reflecting broad-based growth. Book to bill for Printing & Identification was 1.07, while industrials was a strong 1.11. Overall, segment book to bill was 1.09. Now on slide 8. Fluids posted an excellent quarter, where sales increased 26% to $345 million and earnings of $58 million were up 22%. Revenue was driven by strong organic growth of 14% across the segment with particular strength in our oil and gas and plastics and petrochemical end-markets. Our five recent acquisitions, contributed 11% growth. Segment margin was 16.8%, a decrease of 60 basis points from the prior year. Recent acquisitions aside, our core business performed extremely well in the quarter and achieved 20% margin on strong volume leverage. We expect overall segment margin to improve in the coming quarters, as we progress on the integration of these recently acquired companies. Bookings were $363 million, an increase of 20% driven by continued solid demand across most end markets and recent acquisitions. Book to bill was a solid 1.05. Now, let’s turn to slide 9. Refrigeration and food equipment generated revenue of $411 million down 3% from the prior year and earnings of $45 million, a decrease of 14%. Revenue was impacted by the timing of orders in both refrigeration and food equipment markets especially early in the quarter. As the quarter progressed, refrigeration shipments began to accelerate. We expect that momentum to continue into the seasonally strong second quarter. Operating margin decreased 140 basis points to 10.9%. This result reflects good execution on lower volume and $5 million of one-time items in the prior year. Bookings were $494 million, an increase of 2%. Book to bill ended at a seasonally strong 1.20. Now going to the overview slide on page 10. First quarter net interest expense was $33 million, up $2 million from last year and in line with expectations. Corporate expense decreased $3 million to $31 million, largely reflecting reduced pension expense. Our first quarter tax rate was 30.7% excluding discrete tax benefits, in line with our prior forecast. Capital expenditures were $33 million in the quarter. Lastly, we repurchased 3.6 million shares for approximately $293 million in the quarter, completing our $1 billion program. Moving to slide 11. Our guidance remains unchanged. We continue to expect 2014 organic revenue growth to be broad-based at 3% to 4% with all segments prior forecast on track for the year. Completed acquisitions will add 3%. In total, we expect full year revenue growth of 6% to 7% and segment margin to be about 18%. Corporate expense will be about $123 million, interest expense remained $133 million. Our full year tax rate is anticipated to be around 31%. CapEx should be about 2.5% of revenue and we expect our free cash flow will be approximately 11% of revenue. Now, turning to the bridge on slide 12. The bridge is largely consistent with our last forecast. We’ve increased acquisition slightly to reflect our recent activity. We have also made minor adjustments in a few other categories, now that we have a quarter of accruals (ph) behind us. In total, we expect 2014 EPS to be $4.60 to $4.80. This represents 9% growth at the midpoint. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Bob, for some final thoughts.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. 2014 is off to an excellent start. We delivered solid revenue and earnings growth, and also saw strong quarter activity. Overall, I like our positioning and our serve to markets, and we continue to execute on our growth initiatives. Some of which are within our Energy segment, you’ll see the continuing push to grow outside the U.S. especially in artificial lift. We also have ample opportunity to grow our core business by expanding our presence in faster growing basins, and increasing our application coverage in bearings and compression. In Engineered Systems, we plan on expanding our verticals served in Printing & Identification beyond our core fast moving consumer goods and industrial markets. Our strategy in the industrial platform is all about delivering customer productivity solutions. The focus is on reducing labor, improving safety and ultimately allowing our customers to compete more effectively. Fluids, has a large opportunity to expand into international markets and is targeting significant growth in markets outside North America and Europe. In addition, fluids intends to push their station in a box, retail fueling solution, expand our hygienic pump presence and pursue cross-selling opportunities into the North American plastics and oil and gas markets. In refrigeration and food equipment, we are pursuing a growth strategy that targets our customers’ needs for productivity, energy efficiency and enhanced merchandizing systems to drive performance. As an example, we launched a reengineered refrigeration door package, which will provide an even faster payback to our customers on close the case projects. In addition, several of our businesses are releasing new products, especially in food equipment, which will enable us to expand on our already strong positions. In all, I am more confident than ever about our positioning and long-term prospects. In closing, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. With that Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. (Operator Instructions). And Jackie, if we can have the first question?
Operator: Our first question comes from the lines of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Julian.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Good morning. I just had a question on refrigeration and food equipment. You had margins down a fair amount in Q1. But at the same time, you talked about sales trends improving in recent months. So, I just wondered how comfortable you were with the outlook for a sort of a flattish margin for the full year in that segment.
Bob Livingston: Actually, the order activity in refrigeration and food equipment was quite healthy in the first quarter. And Julian, as we look at the second quarter, second quarter starts this, I call it the middle of the year, a seasonal ramp especially for Hill Phoenix. And I would tell you that we are very, very well loaded at Hill Phoenix for the second quarter. And I feel pretty confident on their plan, both on revenue and margins for the year. Your specific question about margins in the first quarter, if you were to back out and Brad commented on this in his script, if you were to back out of the first quarter of last year, I think it’s the $5 million of one-time net gains. The first quarter margins are pretty similar to last year. And we feel very good about our plan here in the segment for the year.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Got it, thanks. And then within, just my follow-up is on the Energy business. You talked on the last call about some weakness in the sucker rods in parts of the U.S. I just wanted to check if that weakness is all kind abated now? And how you’re feeling about your sort of forecast for the year on energy in terms of the rig count?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So, you’ve got two questions here, rig count and sucker rod activity. Sucker activity here in the U.S. recovered nicely. And I don’t know what the growth rate is year-over-year or sequentially that’s going to get into some detail here. But we were quite pleased with the artificial lift activity in the U.S. especially around sucker rods in the first quarter. Rig count, we came into the year looking at a rig count average for the U.S. of I think it was 1,760 some units, essentially flat with the average for 2013. It’s been up a bit and I call it the second half of the first quarter, and coming into April, up above our expectations for that period. We’ve actually raised our average now for the year to almost 1,800 units, about 2% increase. And we’re feeling pretty positive about the energy outlook for the balance of the year.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Paul Goldberg: Hi, Joe.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: Hi, well, my first question is on fluids. If I heard you correctly I think the organic growth for the quarter was 14% and it was driven predominantly by petrochem and plastics growth. But then your guidance for the year is 4% to 5% organic growth. And so it clearly implies a pretty significant step down. And so, just help me understand that a little bit?
Bob Livingston: I think you just summarized it very well Joe. We had a great first quarter. The organic growth rate as you said was 14%, don’t expect that from us in the second, third and fourth quarters. I think that the balance of the year is going to be a little bit closer to our guidance for the year. I would tell you that their performance in their first quarter on revenue and supported by the booking activity in the first quarter would perhaps want to see us increase our forecast for the year. And I’m reluctant to do that at this point in time. I’d like to see how the order rates develop here through the first half or at least April and May here in the second quarter. But obviously with that first quarter performance, we feel quite bullish on fluids for the year.
Joe Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: All right, that’s helpful there. And just a follow-up on bookings, you had a good quarter, I think the book to bill was 1.09. Was there any impact for that book to bill from the acquisitions that came through this quarter or is that an organic book to bill?
Bob Livingston: No, that includes the acquisition that includes the acquisition activity from 2013. I actually hear right now Joe, I do not know what the organic book to bill was.
Joe Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: Okay. I can follow-up with Paul on that one.
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Joe Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: And I guess, one last question. Really I guess on free cash flow, it seems like Q1 tends to be seasonally pretty well quarter, it seems fairly weak this quarter. You guys did not change the guidance. I’m just kind of thinking about your free cash flow generation now as a standalone entity and how I should think of that moving forward, it’s just a 11% of sales, the right way to think of free cash flow over the long term for you guys or perhaps some color there would be very helpful?
Bob Livingston: Yes, well, we agree with you the first quarter was little bit lower than I think we would have expected going into the year. But that doesn’t change our views about the cash generation of the portfolio in the company. We do see sometimes impacts as revenue ramps up, ramps down, you’ll see that through into the second quarter for normal seasonality. But we feel very confident with the 11% for the year. If you look at our profile, our profile is a company that generates most of the cash from the tail end of the year, that’s just way the second and third quarter is usually setup and the fourth quarter being lower than those. And a high collection type of period for us. In the long run we feel confident on that 11% number.
Joe Ritchie – Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. I’ll get back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Yes. So, just going back to the book to bill ratio, if 1.2 for refrigeration very strong. I mean, obviously it’s here with about 1 in 1Q but just in terms of some loan refrigeration on the new basis, 1.2. Would you say that’s normal or would we say that’s actually better than what you normally see?
Bob Livingston: Maybe a bit better than the average. But let me share something else with you, Nigel. And I don’t have this on all of the businesses, but I tend to watch this one pretty closely here in the first quarter. Book to bill for Hill Phoenix, all in, all of it for Hill Phoenix was a very healthy 1.3 in the first quarter. And that, I share that data point with you and others because my comment and my script was at least, we feel very, very confident about our upcoming – we’re into it now. Our seasonal ramp here with Hill Phoenix in the second and third quarters. We see some nice things happening at this business.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: So, does that mean that some of these retail projects that have been pushed, that were pushed in the second half of the year, are coming through. And what does that – is there a read here for the board of U.S. economy in your view?
Bob Livingston: Well, I would, if you wanted a read on the U.S. economy across the Dover business profile, I would probably point more to our industrial businesses rather than the retail grocery activity. Your comment, your question here about some of the project referrals, Nigel, these were fairly modest, I’m talking $7 million, $8 million or $9 million of business activity that we would have expected in the first quarter has been shifted to either second or third quarter, it’s actually a rather modest number.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Okay, okay. And then just wanted to come back to the comment on fluids margins of 20% plus acquisitions, I believe that 1Q seems to be your lowest margin quarter from your perspective 1Q and 4Q, the 2Q, 3Q better. So, I’m actually wondering?
Bob Livingston: I could work with that.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Once we get beyond this M&A dilution, can you think the 20% plus is a good run rate for maybe 3Q, 4Q?
Bob Livingston: Well, I think I’ve even commented on this in the January call Nigel, when we gave our initial guidance. We still have, we still have a target for the year of about 18% margins. The second half is going to be stronger than the first half, the first half is truly taking some of the, I call it the headwind from the early days and the integration cost of some of our recent acquisitions. But it’s also carrying some of the weight of a couple or three large I call them productivity projects that we’ve launched in the second half of last year. And are really in, I call it the execution mode here in the first half. And that’s around Energy being one and refrigeration and food equipment being the second one. But we remain quite confident with our second half outlook on an up-tick in margins.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shannon O’Callaghan with Nomura.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura: Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Hi, Shannon.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura: Hi, maybe just one quick follow-up on that I mean, on this acquisition impact, I mean, how much of that in the fluid margins is sort of permanent acquisition cost that’s going to just remain in terms of amortization or otherwise, in terms of those GAAP to the 20%?
Bob Livingston: Oh my goodness, you’re good again to the detail here. I’m going to have to defer to Brad. Brad shared with you in his comments that absent to the acquisition activity in fluids, operating margins were 20%. I wouldn’t label, I would not label 20% as non-sustainable or unsustainable with respect to the core business. Now, the acquisitions we’ve made out, what is it, four or five in this segment, just in the last nine or actually in the last six months. Each one of them is a little bit different. The profile of each is different and the timeline of moving those recent acquisitions to the point where they are either neutral or perhaps even accretive to second margins, it’s a little bit different. But we did increase obviously.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah, so maybe another way to answer because I don’t have that data with me is that, the acquisitions in the first quarter specific to the total company and in fluids was dilutive to our EPS. And as we’ve stepped through the year, it becomes accretive. And you saw on our bridge that we expect to have $0.05 to $0.07 of performance out of those acquisitions. The key point is that, the integration is going to take some time. And I would think in the fluids business, we won’t see the margins come up to more our level or our standard until ‘15.
Bob Livingston: Until ‘15, yes.
Brad Cerepak: So there will be a drag on those margins through the whole year.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura: Okay. In Printing & ID, I mean, do you have the organic revenue and order numbers for Printing & ID and just also maybe a little color on how you think you’re doing after you’ve kind of reinvested in some of the product portfolio there?
Bob Livingston: Okay. Organic for Printing & ID for quarter one was 4%. Actually I would share with you to me the real success story in Printing & ID in the first quarter was Mark Mommage (ph). And now that I share with you that organic growth at Mark Mommage (ph) in the first quarter was quite healthy, 6%.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura: Okay.
Bob Livingston: And we were quite pleased to see where it came from. We had some nice road at Mark Mommage (ph) in the first quarter in the U.S. market and the China market as well as South America. We continue to see the strength in Europe that we have seen over the past couple of quarters at Mark Mommage (ph). But the results in the first quarter were really led by China and the U.S.
Paul Goldberg: Yes, Shannon, just to be clear. In Printing & ID, the organic growth was 5% in the industrial platform the organic growth was 4%. There was a little bit of lack in there too but that was the pure organic growth numbers.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura: And then, Paul, do you happen to have any order organic number?
Paul Goldberg: I don’t have that right now but I’ll have it when we talk later.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Bob Livingston: Hi Jeff.
Brad Cerepak: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Bob, I wonder if you could just address kind of managerial bandwidth now on the M&A front. For example, if I think about what’s going on in fluid? Are those guys kind of full up on what they can handle for a year or two or are you still comfortable doing deals in there or should we expect kind of your activity would be oriented somewhere else in the portfolio?
Bob Livingston: Well, our pipeline is fairly well spread among the segments. But Jeff, included in our pipeline, we’ve got some deals that we are pursuing in the fluids segment. The acquisition activity were smaller ones, but the acquisition activity in fluids over the last six months or so, have actually been fairly well split between our pumps businesses and our fluid transfer businesses. It’s not all with one management team. And we do have more bandwidth for acquisitions.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: All right. And we should expect you to kind of modulate between share repurchase in deals this year depending on the case at which deals materialize. Is that a fair statement?
Bob Livingston: That’s a fair statement.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: And then I guess, finally from me, could you just interest pricing in Hill Phoenix if you said anything I missed it. But with this piece of order activity, is there actually some positive price in the business and to what extent?
Bob Livingston: My comment wouldn’t even just be restricted to Hill Phoenix, Jeff. I would tell you that sort of across the board for Dover, I would label pricing as pretty gone neutral.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay, neutral overall.
Bob Livingston: Neutral overall.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay, thank you.
Bob Livingston: Including with Hill Phoenix, but if I say if that would be a fairly standard comment that we would use with all four segments.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay, thank you, Bob.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Inch with Deutsche Bank.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Bob Livingston: Hi, John.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, John.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: And by the way, just as a follow-up on the pricing point. Would that apply to the backlog as well, was there any discernible price notation in the backlog within any of the segments or any?
Brad Cerepak: No concern on pricing, John.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Probably mentioned Mark Mommage (ph) in China was good. What moderated in China, because it seems that what’s happening in China, it’s less about macro and it’s more company specific, some better, some are worse. Could you provide a little more color on what you see there?
Bob Livingston: I don’t remember this I don’t remember our organic growth rate in China. I know that our all-in growth rate in China was I think 6% for the quarter. Well, still pretty healthy, but for us it’s a bit of moderation. And I would tell you that when we define it as a bit of a moderation we’re going to describe some project shipments on food equipment, especially around some of our can making equipment that was absent in the first quarter. And we saw some nice activity in that business area in 2013. If you look at the other businesses that are quite active for us in China, be it Mark Mommage (ph), be it some of our fluid businesses, activity was pretty solid.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: That makes sense. Bob, I think you were at a conference recently, you mentioned that Energy and refrigeration could outperform your organic growth targets. The Energy makes sense but what about refrigeration, I realize you made earlier comments this call, that you see a better sort of line of sight to improvement as the year progresses. But we are down sort of, we have a pretty low start for the year. Can you just maybe add to why – what’s your confidence there?
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, don’t – I would caution you to not overreact to a negative revenue comp number for the first quarter for this segment, we’ve seen that before. And that’s – it’s not unusual. The – I look at energy and I see the rig count and drilling activity, especially in the U.S. being a little bit healthier and stronger than we had embedded in our forecast and our guidance in the beginning of the year. And that gives me a little bit of confidence that maybe there is a tailwind against behind our forecast for the year there than we had believed was there at the beginning of the year. And our refrigeration and food equipment segment, I’m going to tell you just, let’s see how the second quarter unfolds here. We are watching pretty closely our order rates. And I’ll repeat myself, I feel very bullish on their opportunities for 2014.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: Yes, that’s fair. One final one from me, the drivers of energy, globally seemed pretty good artificial lift, Middle East, the well count that you described. I think actually there is a perception that your Energy margins, admittedly are sure very robust and very healthy but they’re not, they just don’t have a ton of upside. Why again is that the case, if you’ve got really solid organic growth coming through, is it – just remind us as next is it reinvestment back into the business, because I know you’re restructuring it nor as to get some cost benefit? Why just big picture, Bob or Brad, your Energy margins is not going higher over it’s not?
Bob Livingston: Brad could probably give you a more detailed response that I’m prepared to give you. But I think we’ve been sharing this message around margins with the Energy business for goodness, at least 18 months now that we’ve got plenty of opportunity and we pursue these opportunities to increase our operating margins within the segment at the individual businesses. We will see some noise from quarter to quarter or from period to period based upon product mix. But we continue to have opportunities to increase the margins. We are flowing a significant part of that margin improvement back into, I call it people investment and geographic growth initiatives within Energy. And John, you’ll see us continue to do that for the next couple of years.
John Inch – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones – Stifel: Good morning, Bob, Brad, Paul.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Hi Nathan.
Nathan Jones – Stifel: If we could go back to I think Bob in your prepared remarks you talked about new product releases in food equipment. I’m wondering if you could give us some more color on what they are – what the timing of that’s likely to be and when you think will have a positive impact on results?
Bob Livingston: Within unified brands, again this is it, the food equipment space, not in the refrigeration space, within unified brands, we’ve got two that I – two different product launches I can think of sitting here that roll out this year that are both for the fast food restaurant activity. And on I would tell you, one of them we’ve actually – we actually believe we’d want a $12 million order placement, it won’t flow through this year but will see the beginning of this order flow here in the second half. And it’s a pretty positive impact on unified brands.
Nathan Jones – Stifel: Great. And just on the productive projects that you talked about in Energy and food equipment, is there any quantification you can give us for that? And is this something that would be unusually large endeavor or is this just something that it’s part of their regular cause of doing business actually?
Bob Livingston: Well, I wouldn’t label the benefit of the projects to be unusually large for us. The projects themselves were probably a little bit larger in scope than what we’ve seen over the last couple of years. But I think I’ve shared this at least on one or two other calls, here in recent quarters. And one of the big projects was a new facility construction in the Houston area for our energy segment that will be the primary location for one of the businesses in Energy. But it will also, it will also house the Houston operations of three or four other Dover businesses. And the project, by the time we finish it, we end up reducing roof count in the area I think by four or five roof counts. We’ve done a similar project with in refrigeration especially around Hill Phoenix. And again a large building project in the Atlantic area. It’s complete we’re starting to occupy the facility now. And when the project is complete it will be the primary location for the systems business of Hill Phoenix, the East Coast operations for Anthony and the assured Roman headquarters for one of the other businesses in that segment. Again the project scope on both of them is a little bit larger than we typically see within Dover, the benefits I don’t remember the exact benefits on both of them. But we’re looking at I think in the range of $2 million to $3 million, $4 million of annual benefits on each of the projects.
Nathan Jones – Stifel: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Sullivan with RBC Capital Markets.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, thanks. Just on Energy, maybe you can just talk about, you talked about the large order last year in 1Q. Are there other orders that we should think about that happened in 2013 as we looked at the comps? And Bob, I think you talked about the potential for some large orders in Australia, I mean, at some point this year, maybe your confidence there as well?
Bob Livingston: This question is specific to the energy segment?
Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets: Correct.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So, Brad commented on the large order we had for Australia that we booked in the first quarter of last year. And Brad, you’re going to have to help me. I think that order in the first quarter of last year was $60 million. But there was a second order last year for the Australian lift project that I think occurred like July, third quarter activity. I have to confess, I really don’t remember the size of that order but I think it was about $40 million. And if you look at the activity for 2014, specific to this – for this Australian project, the next large order award is anticipated to be made in the latter part of this year. We think it’s going to be in the fourth quarter. And we were – we think our performance is well and some of the people investments we’ve made here in the first quarter have continued to position us quite well to continue to serve that customer.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. I would just add to that, just an observation that the orders are lumpy but the sales are very steady.
Bob Livingston: That’s true.
Brad Cerepak: For sure, yes.
Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. And then, maybe just a follow-on with capital allocation, I think you mentioned that there could be some balance between buyback and M&A. Is that going to be more opportunistic or should we expect kind of an ongoing program with buyback?
Bob Livingston: Yes, okay. Look, I think we’d probably give you a little bit more definitive guidance here on share repurchase activity as we get through the second quarter, understand how the pipeline or acquisition pipeline will develop and execute this year. But don’t lose sight of the fact that we do have an open and outstanding share repurchase authorization as we sit here today. We did complete the $1 billion program in the first quarter. But our open authorization as we sit here today is just a shade under 4 million shares. You’ll see us use that during the year to keep the existing share count flat if not tweak it down a bit. But that’s how we normally manage that. Anything beyond that activity, I think you’ve got to wait for us to see how the acquisition pipeline develops over the next three or four months.
Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. And that’s not – you’re not assuming future buybacks on the guidance correct?
Bob Livingston: Correct. We are not assuming future buybacks. We do know how the weighted average will flow through the year. We’ll naturally take down the share count throughout the year, having completed the $1 billion buyback in the first quarter. That’s just simple averaging.
Jamie Sullivan – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady with BMO Capital Markets.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning guys.
Bob Livingston: Hi, Charlie.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: I don’t know if I missed or not, but on the Energy side, did you give the bookings broken out by the drilling production and the bearings business?
Bob Livingston: No, we did not give that. And my goodness, don’t ask me for that, I don’t have.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, fair enough. It’s some on the fluids business, I mean, in your prepared remarks you talked about some of the growth opportunities and expansion that was going on. It sounded as though that was a fairly significant focus, I mean, maybe more than it’s been previously to my recollection. Is that – are you focusing on organic there or is that going to be primarily done by M&A or is it split fairly even?
Bob Livingston: No, the comment that I had in my closing remarks about the focus on growing fluids significant growth outside of Europe and North America, that comment is based upon our existing product portfolios, within that segment today.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Bob Livingston: And keep in mind that the five acquisitions we did in that space are all international deals that we did and we completed that.
Brad Cerepak: And a key part of this.
Bob Livingston: And a key part of our drive for more international growth.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then just, one more on your comment on M&A. Can you just remind us when you would find small, medium sized deals kind of what range you’re looking at within those buckets?
Brad Cerepak: Well, let’s just put it this way. I would define the top end of a medium sized deal could be $250 million or $300 million.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with Citi.
Deane Dray – Citi: Thank you, good morning everyone.
Bob Livingston: Hi Deane.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Deane Dray – Citi: In the following the no-spin, can you comment on any stranded cost and then what are you thinking about in terms of any other portfolio cleanups that might be next in priority?
Brad Cerepak: Okay. Let me take the first one.
Bob Livingston: Brad can handle stranded cost.
Brad Cerepak: Well, we’ve commented on this in the past. And I would say, we estimated overhead or to stranded cost to be in the range of somewhere between $20 million and $25 million. We have ongoing efforts to take out cost. But what we’ve said was that some of those costs relate to the very sizable resources we have internationally that we intend to retail even though the Knowles was broadly international, we will continue to keep those resources in places we want to grow into more into international and grow into the overhead. So the way we think about it is, our goal is to take out about $10 million of those stranded cost. And I think we’re well on our way of doing that.
Deane Dray – Citi: And then for other portfolio cleanups?
Bob Livingston: Look, we’re looking to get the closing here by the end of this quarter or during the second quarter on the sale of our deck business in the U.K. Beyond that we have no processes on divestiture underway. But Deane, it’s – that’s an ongoing discussion with – here with the management team as well as with the board over the next couple or three years, I think it would be normal and expected to see us continue to narrow the scope of Dover. But don’t expect me, but we have nothing underway at this moment.
Deane Dray – Citi: Great. And just last one from me is, if you go back to the Energy side, I don’t mean to pile on. But just to comment about the increase in rig count expectations. And that just brings up this mist that still persists at Dover that you’re so tied to rig count. And it seems as though the industry has changed to where you should be publishing more on wells per rig. But Bob, maybe you just address that?
Bob Livingston: Yes, the wells per rig, is – well completion is actually the better statistic and metric especially around artificial lift Deane. For the drilling activity, rig count is still a good number to look at for drilling activity. But for artificial lift and production it is more around well completion. The well is completed per rig. We are going to see some variation on that depending upon the basins that you’re looking at here in North America. But it still to us is an indicator of the activity that’s going on in the North American Energy space.
Deane Dray – Citi: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Global Hunter.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Walter Liptak – Global Hunter: Hi, thanks and good morning guys. I wonder listening to the call, everything sounds pretty positive across the board, Printing, fluids, refrigeration and Energy. And I just wanted to get a little bit more color on your view for guidance and why you didn’t at least take up the low end of guidance or what could go wrong in 2014 that you’re concerned about?
Bob Livingston: You’re asking me why I didn’t take guidance up?
Walter Liptak – Global Hunter: Yes.
Bob Livingston: I’d actually like to get through the bulk of the second quarter before we actually have a real serious discussion internally about it. I’d like to see what the order rates are for April and May. I will tell you that we look at a range of $460 million to $480 million. Folks, I’ll tell you what, we’re focused on, we’re focused on the top-end of that range, not the mid-part of that range. The bottom end of our range, yeah, we could, I’ll plead guilty to that that we could have – we could have had a very serious discussion about increasing the bottom end of the range. But again, I’m going to say, let us get through and see at least what order activity is for April and May, we’ll have another discussion on that at the end of the quarter or on the July 12.
Walter Liptak – Global Hunter: Okay, good. That’s very good to hear.
Bob Livingston: But I’ll tell you, I’ll tell you again, what we’re focused on. That’s the top end of our range.
Walter Liptak – Global Hunter: Okay. If I can just do a follow-up on the Energy, I didn’t hear you talk about how it trended through the quarter, January, February, March. Usually when this market picks up, I think it can pick up a little bit quicker. I wonder if you could just comment on that?
Bob Livingston: I don’t have that data here in front of me. But my recall is that it was fairly consistent through the quarter for Energy.
Walter Liptak – Global Hunter: Okay. And maybe just a last one, the winch market being down a little bit, is there anything wrong with that market or is it just timing and orders?
Bob Livingston: It’s – look, it’s timing of orders. And what I call the oil field patch. But we also continue to deal with a headwind. You go back two years ago and my goodness, 30% or 40% of this business was supplying winches into the – for the military. And we continue to see that part of the business activity decline we’re going to see another significant decline end of this year. But it will decline to the point in 2014 where, if it declines any further in ‘15 is not a comment. I mean, that’s all I can tell you.
Walter Liptak – Global Hunter: Okay.
Bob Livingston: It’s getting down to some nits and gnash in the military business on that business.
Walter Liptak – Global Hunter: Okay, good. All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Jackie. Once again, we thank you for joining us on our conference call. And we look forward to speaking to you with our second quarter results. Have a good day and a good weekend. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today’s first quarter 2014 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President of Investor Relations Robert A. Livingston - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Second (sic) [Fourth] Quarter 2013 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning and welcome to Dover's fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston and Brad Cerepak. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's fourth quarter and full year operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for 2014. We will then open up the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 13 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is (800) 585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code: 31028485. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. Also this presentation contains pro forma financial information that reflects the operations of Knowles as a discontinued operation. Upon completion of the spin, Knowles' results will be reclassified to discontinued operations for reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information is presented for informational purposes only and is subject to a number of estimates, assumptions and uncertainties and does not purport to represent what our results of operations would have been if the spin-off of Knowles had occurred as of the dates indicated, results will be -- what results will be for any future periods or what the historical results of Dover will be upon classifying Knowles as a discontinued operation as of the effective date of the spin-off of Knowles. And with that mouthful, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I was very pleased with our fourth quarter results highlighted by broad-based revenue growth with all segments contributing. Notably, Engineered Systems delivered 12% growth and Printing & Identification grew 9%. In all, we generated 5% organic revenue growth and grew adjusted EPS, 17%.  From a geographic perspective, our North America markets remained solid. Our European markets continued to show improvement with double-digit growth driven by our short-cycle business activity complemented by project shipments. Lastly, our China as well as our Rest of World markets were strong across all segments. Now let me share some specific comments on our fourth quarter. At Communication Technologies, our consumer electronics growth was driven by the continued rollout of a third quarter OEM product launch where we delivered high volumes across all our product lines. Our strong position with this OEM allowed us to grow nicely despite continued headwinds at 2 other customers. Knowles continues to invest in innovative acoustic solutions, which will position them well for future product launches. In our Energy segment, improving well activity and increased international business drove significant growth in our drilling and downstream businesses. Our modest growth in production reflects continued weak winch markets and reduced sucker rod activity in North America. We achieved growth of 50% in markets outside the U.S., Canada and Europe on the benefits of our geographic expansion programs. Fundamentals remained solid in our artificial lift markets. Within our Engineered Systems segment, we saw strong growth across both platforms. Our Refrigeration & Industrial results were very solid, driven by improving activity with regional refrigeration accounts and robust growth in the auto aftermarket and food service markets. In our fluids platform, solid results were driven by our pump businesses, particularly those serving the plastics and petrochemical verticals. These results were complemented by improved heat exchanger and dispenser activity. Within our Printing & Identification segment, solid growth in both our fast-moving consumer goods and industrial markets resulted in outstanding performance. Geographic revenue growth was broad-based highlighted by Europe, this segment's largest market. It is encouraging to see the benefits of growth and cost initiatives implemented over the past 2 years. As we begin 2014 and following the spin of Knowles, you should expect us to align our segment structure to better reflect our future growth plans. Regarding our business activity, near term, we expect continued excellent performance in Energy, driven by expanding international activity and the ongoing improvement in drilling. Strong results in our refrigeration and food equipment markets, solid results in our fluids markets on the benefits of our recent acquisitions and, generally, healthier markets and normal seasonality in our fast-moving consumer goods market. We also expect to close more acquisitions in the first quarter and complete our $1 billion share repurchase program. In summary, I am pleased with our execution and results and feel quite positive about our growth and productivity initiatives. As we begin the year, I feel confident in our ability to deliver excellent performance driven by improving end markets and the strength of our business. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad M. Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on Slide 3 of our presentation deck. Today we reported fourth quarter revenue of $2.2 billion, an increase of 10% over the prior year. Organic revenue grew 5% and growth from acquisitions was also 5%. Adjusted EPS was $1.28, an increase of 17%. A reconciliation of our adjusted earnings per share is in the appendix deck of our presentation deck. Segment margin for the quarter was 16.5%, substantially unchanged from last year, whereby improved margin in Engineered Systems and Communication Technologies were offset by the anticipated lower margin in Energy. This overall result reflects solid execution and was in line with our expectations. Bookings increased 9% over the prior year to $2.2 billion. This result represents 16% growth in Engineered Systems and 7% growth in Printing & Identification. Bookings increased 4% in Energy, driven by robust downstream and drilling activity. Communication Technologies bookings increased 3%. Overall, book to bill finished at 0.98, which is in line with seasonal trends. Backlog increased 5% to $1.6 billion. Of note, absent Knowles, book to bill was 1, unchanged from last year; and backlog was $1.3 billion, an increase of 5%. In the quarter, we generated $376 million of free cash flow, representing 17% of revenue. For the full year, free cash flow was $942 million, representing 11% of revenue. Turning to Slide 4. Printing & Identification, driven by their fast-moving consumer goods markets, grew 8% organically. Communication Technologies grew 7% on the strength of new product launches in the consumer electronics market. Energy's growth was 4% and Engineered Systems grew 3%. Overall, organic revenue growth was 5%. Our acquisition growth in the quarter was 5%, comprised of 8% in Engineered Systems, 5% in Energy and 1% in Printing & Identification. Turning to Slide 5 on our sequential results. Revenue decreased 2% from the third quarter, primarily driven by the normal seasonal slowdown in the refrigeration market. Fast-moving consumer goods markets helped drive growth of 8% in Printing & Identification. The rollout of new smartphone releases resulted in 4% sequential growth in Communication Technologies. Energy grew 1%, while Engineered Systems decreased 8% on normal seasonality. Sequential bookings were essentially flat. Engineered Systems bookings increased 7%; and Printing & Identification grew 6%, aided by solid growth across most served markets and the impact of acquisitions. Energy bookings declined 4%, where solid order rates in downstream and drilling and the impact of the acquisitions was offset by softer activity in production. Communication Technologies bookings increased 12%, largely reflecting normal seasonality in the consumer electronics market. Now moving to Slide 6. Communication Technologies posted revenue of $428 million, an increase of 7% over the prior year. This growth principally reflects the ongoing rollout of new product releases in the smartphone market. In all, our consumer electronics business grew 15%. The telecom/other markets continued to exhibit solid growth and were up 14%. Aerospace/defense declined 2%, primarily impacted by soft defense spending. The medical technology market decreased 6% where a solid hearing health market was more than offset by weak audio headset activity. Earnings increased 12% to $66 million and segment margin increased 70 basis points to 15.3%. This performance reflects solid conversion on volume, productivity gains and the benefits related to prior restructuring, offset in part by asset impairment charges of $4 million. We had significant success in the continued rollout of a key OEM smartphone release during the quarter as we shift on all acoustic product lines. Our year-over-year growth with OEMs that are winning market share continues to be partially offset by lower demand from Nokia and BlackBerry. Bookings were $373 million, up 3% from last year. Book to bill finished at a seasonally normal 0.87. For more information on Knowles -- more information on Knowles can be found in their Form 10 amendment, which was filed this morning. Turning to Slide 7. Energy revenue of $584 million increased 8% and earnings of $135 million were up 1%. Energy produced another solid quarter, as drilling and downstream achieved strong revenue growth. The increase in well activity, coupled with increased international volume, resulted in 13% revenue growth in our drilling business. Production revenue increased 1% with the benefits of strong international activity in acquisitions were partially offset by weak winch markets and softer U.S. sucker rod activity. Our downstream markets saw a solid demand from the retail fueling and transportation markets and benefited from recent acquisitions, resulting in 20% growth. Operating margin of 23.1% was down 160 basis points from last year. The costs associated with recently completed acquisitions impacted margin roughly 150 basis points in the quarter. Full year margin was very strong at 24.1% (sic) [24.7%] and in line with our expectations. Bookings were $571 million, in -- and a 4% increase from the prior year. Strong bookings growth in drilling and downstream was partially offset by production. Book to bill was 0.98. Now on Slide 8. Engineered Systems had another excellent quarter, where sales increased 12% to $920 million and earnings of $121 million were up 19%. Our fluid solutions platform revenue increased 18% to $244 million driven by strong organic growth across the segment and recent acquisitions. In Refrigeration & Industrial, revenue grew 10% to $677 million, reflecting acquisitions and broad-based organic growth across the platform. Continued strong execution and cost reduction activities drove operating margin to 13.2%, up 80 basis points, reflecting solid leverage on volume. Bookings were $950 million, an increase of 16%, driven by solid demand across most end markets and recent acquisitions. Our fluid solutions platform bookings increased 18% to $248 million, driven by robust activity in the plastics and petrochemical markets and acquisitions. Refrigeration & Industrial increased 16% to $702 million, with food equipment and auto aftermarket showing particular strength. Book to bill for fluid solutions was 1.02, while Refrigeration & Industrial's book to bill was a solid 1.04. Let's turn now to Slide 9. Printing & Identification produced an excellent quarter, where revenue increased 9% to $277 million and earnings of $44 million increased 8%. Revenue growth was strong, as fast-moving consumer goods grew 10% and industrial grew 7%. Revenue growth was driven by an improving Europe and we saw growth in the majority of our product categories, including our project business. Operating margin decreased 10 basis points to 15.9%. This result included $3 million of costs associated with previously planned restructuring activities and acquisitions. Absent these costs, margin was 17%. Bookings were $271 million, an increase of 7%, reflecting broad-based growth. Book to bill ended at 0.98. Going to be overview on Slide 10. Fourth quarter net interest expense was $30 million, down $1 million from last year. Corporate expense increased $14 million to $45 million, reflecting incurred spin-off costs of about $16 million. Our fourth quarter tax rate was 29.4% excluding discrete tax benefits, slightly higher than our prior forecast. Capital expenditures were $79 million in the quarter. Lastly, we repurchased 551,000 shares for approximately $50 million in the quarter, all of which we repurchased under the $1 billion program. In total, we have repurchased $707 million and expect to complete the balance of the program this quarter. Turning to Slide 11, which shows selected pro forma financial data, excluding Knowles as if the spin-off has been completed. 2013 revenue grew 8% to $7.5 billion, comprised of organic growth of 2% and acquisition growth of 6%. We saw organic growth accelerate to 4% in the back half of the year as compared to essentially flat in the first half. Diluted EPS increased 28% to $4.79. Adjusting for discrete tax benefits and other onetime gains, EPS increased 18% to $4.31. Now moving to Slide 12, which shows our full year pro forma guidance. We expect 2014 organic revenue growth to be broad-based at 3% to 4%, which is in line with our second half 2013 rate. Completed acquisitions will add 2%. In total, we are forecasting full year revenue growth of 5% to 6%. Corporate expense will be about $123 million, primarily reflecting reduced pension expense. Of note, corporate expense does not include spin-off costs related to Knowles. Interest expense is expected to be about $133 million, $13 million higher the last year, principally driven by a recent bond issuance. Our full year tax rate is anticipated to be around 31%, reflecting the mix of geographic earnings after the spin of Knowles and down about 60 basis points from the 2013 pro forma adjusted rate. CapEx should be about 2.5% of revenue, up 40 basis points from last year on a pro forma basis and reflective of increased investment in consolidation and productivity projects. We expect our 2014 free cash flow will be approximately 11% of revenue. Turning to the guidance bridge on Slide 13. As detailed earlier, 2013 pro forma EPS was $4.79. From this, we adjust discrete tax benefits of onetime items. Making those adjustments, the result is pro forma adjusted EPS of $4.31. We expect the full year benefit of volume and mix to be $0.16 to $0.28. Net productivity, again, is a key contributor and adds $0.14 to $0.22. We expect completed acquisitions to add $0.05 to $0.06 as we see the benefits -- the benefits of Finder, KPS and Fibrelite deals, among others, begin to flow through earnings. Continued investment in global expansion initiatives and compensation will have an $0.18 to $0.22 impact for the year. Reduced corporate spending will provide $0.03 to $0.05 benefit. The combined impact of our ongoing share repurchase program, higher normalized tax rate and incremental interest expense should have a net benefit of $0.09 to $0.10. We expect margin to remain steady at approximately 18%. The benefits of volume growth, along with our ongoing productivity initiatives, will be largely offset by 20 to 30 basis points of amortization costs associated with acquisition we completed in the back half of 2013. In total, we expect 2014 pro forma EPS to be $4.60 to $4.80. This represents 7% to 11% growth of our 2013 EPS of $4.31 or 9% growth at the midpoint. With that, I'll turn the floor back over to Bob for some final comments.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. 2013 was a great year for Dover. We delivered robust revenue and earnings growth and took major steps to position us for continuing future success. We continued to invest for growth. We completed 10 acquisitions last year for $323 million to extend and enhance our market positions and we invested in internal growth initiatives, especially geographic expansion. Our OPW business is a great example and has grown to a $500 million business thanks to internal initiatives and the addition of Jump, Fibrelite and KPS acquisitions. Through their expanded product offering, they can now offer a complete fuel management solution to customers around the world. Our artificial lift business is another case in point. Here, we've significantly built our sales and service and business development resources in the Middle East, Australia, Southeast Asia and South America, all of which have contributed to significant revenue growth in this business over the last 2 years. We have also increased our productivity investments and have numerous consolidation and Lean projects either completed or well underway. We extended our long track record of increasing our annual dividend and continued executing on our $1 billion share repurchase program. From a strategic perspective, the pending spin of Knowles is a key step in positioning Dover as a best-in-class industrial manufacturer. I am excited about the growth prospects we have across the company. We have very strong and expanding market positions in refrigeration and food equipment, fluid transfer, including pumps, Energy, Printing & Identification and other market-leading industrial businesses serving the vehicle service, waste management and heat exchanger markets, to name a few. Without exception, all our businesses have meaningful opportunities to broaden the revenue base and push into new markets. We will continue to build our acquisition pipeline and pursue those opportunities that strengthen our market position, with a particular emphasis on geographic market expansion. In addition to our growth initiatives, we will more aggressively invest in productivity and Lean activities. I believe we can achieve higher-margin and deliver more consistent performance while continuing to be a very strong generator of cash. In all, I believe the future is very bright for Dover and I am more confident than ever about our positioning and long-term prospects. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results and I look forward to a great '14. With that, Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. [Operator Instructions] Jennifer, can we have the first question?
Operator: Yes, your first question is from Deane Dray with Citi Research.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Hey, I know that the 2014 guidance versus consensus is not applicable because we all haven't had the ability yet to restate our models. And looking at and listening to your guidance here, one of the things that I'm not sure I caught was whether the electronic assembly disposition proceeds, as well as the dividend from Knowles, are they included in your '14 guidance? And can you calibrate both of those items?
Robert A. Livingston: No -- well, they're not included in our guidance with respect to having an impact on EPS. The proceeds from the remaining business within electronic assembly and test deck is expected to be about $170 million and the dividend from the Knowles spin is expected to be $400 million. We have that cash to play with for the balance of the year, Deane.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, good. That's what I was looking for. And Bob, did I hear correctly, you said in the first quarter, you expect to announce some new deals? And is the EPS reflected in your earnings bridge under the acquisitions or would that be additive?
Robert A. Livingston: No. No, the guidance for 2014 and what you see on the bridge is that, that Brad and Paul presented, are only including acquisitions that have been closed.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So then just last one for me on that point for acquisitions. You talked a bit about what you're seeing that gives you the confidence that you'll be able to complete some deals this quarter that -- in the first quarter. And can you maybe size for us what we should be thinking about?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, our confidence is the fact that we're sitting here in the first quarter and we're sitting on top of these deals. And actually, our guidance for '14 does include a small acquisition that was completed January 3 or January 5 or whatever. But, Deane, you'll see the emphasis in our pipeline execution here in our first quarter continue to be around Energy and our fluids businesses, as well as some interest we have in continuing to expand our refrigeration business.
Operator: Your next question is from Shannon O'Callaghan of Nomura Securities.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Bob, maybe just a follow-up to that. I mean, how would you kind of size your acquisition firepower at this point, right? I mean, you've got like $8 million -- I'm sorry, $800 million on the balance sheet. You talked about the DEK proceeds, the $400 million from Knowles, which is I think a little more than the initial expectation. And now you're telling us 11% of revenue from free cash for the remaining co. I mean, that adds up to a good chunk. I mean, is all that, other than dividend, I mean, are you biased to acquisitions on that and how are you thinking about the repurchase?
Robert A. Livingston: Shannon, if you look at -- let's see, I guess the last 2 years, '12 and '13, I think you see a fairly balanced allocation of capital from Dover. We've -- the capital has been allocated to dividends and to share repurchase activity as well acquisitions. I happen to like that balance. And I think that without telling you what we're going to do yet, we'll talk more about that after the Knowles spin. But I think you should expect to see us have that balance of capital allocation going forward.
Brad M. Cerepak: Just to reiterate, our first -- our forecast does include completion of the $1 billion, as I said, in the first quarter. So that's approximately $300 million or so of buybacks to be completed.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: It doesn't sound like going forward, there's sort of this pace of buy. I mean the pace of buyback you've been under is related to that $1 billion plan, which was somewhat unusual for you guys. But it sounds like maybe that's not an unusual pace going forward?
Robert A. Livingston: I'm not going to define a number. I'm going to repeat what I said. I happen to like the balance capital allocation approach we've had for the last 2 years. And we'll give you a little bit more insight into that after the spin is complete.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then just on -- kind of the outlook for Energy, I mean, drilling went through kind of a soft patch and now it's rebounding strongly. Now production is sort of in its soft patch. I mean, when you think about the pieces -- and of course, downstream was really strong. So I mean, as you think about those pieces going forward, I mean, do you expect production to rebound, the others to slow? Maybe a little color on that.
Robert A. Livingston: Look, we actually look for a fairly well-balanced contribution from all 3 sectors in our Energy segment for '14. Shannon, your comment about the lower activity in production. Let me be more specific. If you look at our production activity, let's label it our artificial lift business, we've got 2 main products or applications: it's the sucker rod and then the pump application at the bottom of the well. Where we have seen some softness in activity in the final, I would say, 3 or 4 months of the year has been specific with sucker rods. And even more specific, Shannon, it's been very specific to Texas activity. Our pump business has continued to be strong and has expanded throughout the year and I would -- not to be defensive, but I truly do see that a lot of the softness we saw in Texas in the fourth quarter around sucker rods was the -- around the initial installation of new artificial lift systems in a couple of the key basins and primarily related to weather.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Davis with Barclays.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I don't want to spend too much time in this M&A thing. But can you just give us a sense of a range of revenues you think is realistic to add in 2014? I mean, even if the range is wide, just give us a sense of what you think you might be able to get done.
Robert A. Livingston: Oh, gosh. That's hard to do until we actually sign the deal and close it. I would -- clearly, clearly north of $100 million and south of $500 million. And that's a pretty wide range.
Brad M. Cerepak: I think another way to think about it is, we have 2% that carries over for completed deals. We did 5% in 2013. I would think it's not a specific target or goal. But that round about that 5% range would be something that would make sense, perhaps.
Robert A. Livingston: I agree. Yes.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's exactly what I was looking for. And then as far as the 10 deals you did in 2013, I don't think EBITDA multiples were disclosed on any of them really. But can you give us a sense either multiple price of sales or multiple of EBITDA, what that average was?
Robert A. Livingston: I'm not sure I can give you a specific number on what I call the class of '13. But the EBITDA multiple was -- I can tell you is the class for '13 was less than 10.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, that's fine. And then just a brief follow-up here. Knowles, is there -- are there costs of preparing for spin that are impacting Knowles' margins at all? Are there anything that -- anything -- or even on the top line, is there distractions and such that may explain some weakness there?
Robert A. Livingston: No, I don't think the spin preparation process has impacted the revenue. There's probably some very minor spending that's included in their earnings and reflected in their margins that's related to the spin. But I'm going to tell you again, it would be rather minor.
Brad M. Cerepak: I think there are some minor overhead adds as well as they get prepared to spin in terms of resources and adding headcount. That's normal for preparing for a spin. That's in their fourth quarter, again, but not a big number at this stage.
Operator: Your next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just a couple of things. First, in terms of your guidance for 2014, can you give us a sense of how the segments fall within the band of those -- that organic outlook? Is there any particular outlier to the upside or down?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, if you look at our guidance of 3% to 4% organic, I would tell you that Energy is slightly higher than that range and the others are centered in the range.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. Brad, I was wondering on the tax rate...
Robert A. Livingston: Not a wide disparity between the segments, Jeff.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Right. Right. Brad, I was wondering on tax rate, obviously, you knew the step-up was coming with kind of mix shift from the spin-off and you've been working on things. How do you view that 31% for '14 in the context of what a couple more years of tax planning might allow you to do? Is there a clear downside to that number?
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, great question. Yes -- no, great question. I think -- I just want to say that, first of all, we are seeing -- I want to just go back to we are seeing a lower pro forma rate as we move into '14 by about 60 basis points or so. That's really driven by the things we're doing to drive that rate as we go forward to a lower result. I think I mentioned at one point that -- I mentioned at one point that we were looking to do things in Europe with our businesses to make them more of a principal agent-type structure. We got that completed. That was part of this Markem-Imaje restructuring we were talking about. So that's been helpful to us. Our rate also, as you know, does not include, at this stage, any R&D credits. So that would help that to 30 to 40 bps lower that gets reinstated. As I think about it going forward, right now, you hear us talk a lot about our international investment and international increase in revenue streams. Over the next, say, the mid-term, I'm confident to say that I will see that rate drop down below 30%, high 20s. That's our target.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So it's a 2- or 3-year type of thing?
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, that's a 2- or 3-year type of thing.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then finally maybe, just back to Bob, just margins in Energy, there's some impact you called out obviously. There's some mix impact in there. How do you feel about margins from here? Are they kind of defensible at this run rate? Is there still a little bit of downward bias, do you think?
Robert A. Livingston: Jeff, I was -- I think we closed the year '13 with margins at Energy at 20%, 24%, 24.1%. And that's sort of have been the target we've had for the guys for '13. And I think I responded to a question either on the October call or the July call about margins for Energy for '13, I think we ended up right where we thought they would be. As we move into '14, I expect margins for our Energy to be just about where they are right now. We'll see a little bit of noise throughout the year, but I would still expect margins for the year to center on that 24% number.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the -- I guess, on the margins for the other main segment, the engineered business, how do you -- what do we -- how do we feel about next year for that -- for those guys? For '14, sorry.
Robert A. Livingston: May be a 10- to 15-bps improvement.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, so then -- so if, I guess, if they were up, that means that the product ID margins are down or no?
Robert A. Livingston: I would say they're flat or about the same.
Brad M. Cerepak: About the same, yes.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Okay. And then there's a few companies that have come out and talked about a little bit of volatility, I guess, in the revenues and earnings kind of fourth quarter to first quarter for a lot of companies. I guess, just that kind of a choppy economy here, but any dynamics in the first quarter? Or as the kind of growth sequences over the next -- seasonally over the next 4 quarters, do we need to think about maybe just organic growth rate to start the year?
Robert A. Livingston: Good question. So let me give you a comment on the year first. If you look at the absolute numbers on revenue, the first half is actually fairly equal to the second half. They were very, very similar in revenue for both halves of the year. And Steve, you would continue to see the same type of seasonality in our profile that you've seen in the past, where the second quarter and the third quarter are the higher quarters and the seasonal impact that's seen in the first quarter and fourth quarter. But it's -- you're -- you just wouldn't see anything different in our profile from what you've seen in the past.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So you said year-over-year of kind of 3% to 4%. That's what you expect, you expect organically in the first quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, on an organic response, the -- I think the first half rate, it's in the 3% to 4% range in the first half. And it's in the 3% to 4% range, maybe pushing towards the higher end of the 4% in the second half.
Operator: The next question is from John Inch with Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Hey, Bob, last quarter, you called out Comm Tech. I think you said there was about 25 million that was really related to delayed product launches. Did you get that back in the fourth quarter? Called it out as a deferral. I'm just wondering if you got it back.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, in essence, you don't. But by the time we hit -- by the time we were exiting the third quarter and entering the fourth quarter, John, we were at, I call it full production rates on all 3 of the acoustic product lines.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. But is there anything you can actually state?
Robert A. Livingston: Fourth quarter revenue came in just about on top of what we expected.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. That's what I was looking for. Bob, is there anything you can actually say about the first quarter in terms of the environment, how it's trending for Knowles? Not specifically, but clearly we're all sort of watching these sort of negative pre-announcements on smartphone volumes from Samsung and Apple. And I'm just curious, I mean, you guys seem to have a bit of a better mousetrap, right, than just the smartphone industry. So how -- is there anything you can kind of say about the cadence of the business?
Robert A. Livingston: I'm not going to say too much, John. I will remind you that the team at Knowles has scheduled their own Investor Day. I think it's for the 19th of February and I am almost certain that that's going to be webcast. But the first quarter profile for Knowles will show the, I call it the normal seasonality that you would see post a product launch and proceeding the next product launch.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. Okay. Well, that makes sense. And then just sort of as a technical question, post the spin of Knowles, that will have 3 segment, but you're still going to have some Comm Tech assets. I mean, is your plan, Bob and Brad, to have still 3 segments and you put some of the Comm Tech stuff in the other businesses? Or are you very going to create a fourth segment and, I don't know, maybe take some of your Energy business assets and put them in that because Energy is big or something. I don't know.
Robert A. Livingston: We'll share a little bit more detail around this post-spin, but you're asking about numbers. I happen to like the number 4, John.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, that's kind of where I was going. Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So you provided some good detail on the remaining co. Obviously, Knowles, we haven't gotten any guidance for Knowles. Anything you can say at this stage or do we have to wait until the 19th?
Robert A. Livingston: I think I have said everything I'm going to say on Knowles. It's a great story. The guys are getting prepared for their Investor Day on the 19th. And I think they're going to have an interesting and an exciting and enthusiastic message for their investor base on the 19th.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, as I suspected. Obviously, you put on a fairly, I'd say, cautious look at the margins for '14. And obviously, you've got a pretty significant investment headwind in your bridge. And I'm wondering, if we switch just back to Energy, you've got the M&A dilution coming through in 4Q. I'm assuming that, that still is going to be a factor in the first half of the year. So I'm wondering, number one, how dilutive will the margins be, so [indiscernible] to Energy margins in '14, particularly in the first half of the year? And the second part of that point is how much of that investment headwind is coming through in Energy versus the other segments?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. I don't have that detail here on margins by quarter for '14. Let me go back to my earlier comment about the revenue balance between first half and second half. Even though the revenue, even though the revenue is fairly balanced between first half and second half, I think you're going to see our margins a little bit better in the second half than they are in the first half, partly because -- and here's 2 or 3 key points here. Number one, we will continue to see a little bit of margin pressure here in the first 2 or 3 months of the year from some of the acquisitions that have been completed or that -- or that were completed, especially in the fourth quarter of last year. We've got some consolidation projects underway, Nigel, both here in the States as well as in Europe, some of them related to acquisitions that were completed last year, others are, I call it more normal productivity type of consolidation projects. And some of the costs we're growing to incur on those consolidation projects will be borne and reported here on the first half results. And the benefits that we'll receive from those projects will start to flow through in the second half. So even though the revenue is pretty evenly split, you're going to see a little bit better performance in the second half on margins than the first half.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And the -- so the -- just to clarify, the consolidation activity, this is like a little more of a restructuring type of...
Robert A. Livingston: I think a couple of days, we've even already talked about. We've got a significant project underway at Hill PHOENIX with the new facility coming online. And that new facility, I think, replaces 3 rooftop spreads, 3 or 4 rooftops. And the, again, the cost we're going to incur on that consolidation is first half and the benefits we'll see in the second half. Within Energy, we've got new facility coming online down in Houston, actually as we speak. It will be here in the first quarter. And that new facility I think, again, replaces 4?
Brad M. Cerepak: 3 or 4.
Robert A. Livingston: 3 or 4 rooftops. And the cost again of, I call it the move and the consolidation is a first half expense and we'll start to see the benefits show up in the second half. We have a couple of other projects similar to that, that will be in Europe this year.
Operator: Your next question is from Julian Mitchell with Crédit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I just wanted to follow up on the EPS bridge. On the volume mix and price line, I guess, if you take sort of $0.22 at the middle of that, it implies maybe a 20% incremental margin for the year as a whole of about 3.5 core growth. I just wondered if that's factoring in some kind of hit or impact from FX? Because it sounds a fairly low number. I understand you have some facilities and so on in the first half. If there was anything sort of abnormal or anything in FX that's maybe weighing on the incrementals?
Brad M. Cerepak: No, I would say your calculation is pretty good. We -- I'd say it's somewhere -- the conversion is somewhere between 23% and 25% the way we think about it on organic growth, which is pretty consistent with what we saw in 2013. Keep in mind that we do put into that line item, not only volume conversion, but mix and material -- cost material spread. And I would say while materials are behaving fairly well going into the first part of 2014, right now, we view that in our forecast to be slightly -- a slight drag, not that large, but a slight drag on that conversion rate.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then just my follow-up in terms of the kind of geographic color, you called out Europe was up over 10% in Q4. I guess, when you're thinking about '14 and the 3 to 4 core growth globally, what's the sort of main assumption there? Is that 3-ish in the Europe and the U.S. and a bit more in Rest of World? Or how quickly do you think that Europe number normalizes?
Robert A. Livingston: I think your guess is pretty close for modeling, 3 to -- a little bit lower in Europe and the U.S. and a little bit higher in the emerging markets. We continue to see good and interesting opportunities for growth in China and other parts of Asia. You'll see us do a little bit more in South America in 2014, maybe even a bit more than we've done in the last couple of years. But we do look at the U.S. and Europe to be, I would call it low to -- low single-digit contributors to organic growth in '14.
Operator: Your next question is from Nathan Jones with Stifel.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I wonder if I could start with a refrigeration question and talking specifically about Anthony. You've got some pretty nice bookings there. I know you're expecting to see some revenue synergies from Anthony. Have you started to realize those? And how meaningful are they to the business at this point?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, we have been realizing some of those revenue synergies throughout the year. I would say it's been building, especially as we got beyond the first quarter. Nathan, I can't give you a number on that. I just don't have that. We had a very solid second half in our refrigeration business. The profile was a bit different between the third quarter and the fourth quarter. The -- I would call it the core refrigeration business, our case in systems business actually was fairly strong in the third and the fourth quarter. And our Anthony business actually was performing pretty much -- very much on plan on our acquisition model through the first, not only 3 quarters, maybe even through the first 10 or 10.5 months. We did see some deferrals late in the fourth quarter that would move into 2014 and it's not in the core grocery business. We see it more in, I call it the smaller format stores like the convenience stores and, perhaps, even sold it more out of North America than we did here in the U.S.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And my follow-up is on the...
Robert A. Livingston: So we're looking for another great year for those guys next year.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Wonderful. My follow-up is on the international expansion on Energy. Can you talk about -- and I mean outside U.S., Canada and Europe, 50% growth in 2013? And I know it's been a strategic goal for you to expand...
Robert A. Livingston: No, I actually think it was 50% in the fourth quarter for...
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: 50% in the fourth quarter?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. For '13, I think it was 40, 42 or 43 for the year, yes.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I know that's been a strategic goal for you to expand that business. How meaningful is that to the business now? And what kind of growth rates do you think you can do over the next 2 or 3 years outside of those typical Canada, U.S. and the Europe?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So when I talk about the geographic expansion and we -- and I gave you this number of 40%, 42% and 50%, what I'm referring to is the growth and what I would label as new markets for Energy. So I'm excluding or including as the core, not just North America, but I'm including as the core, Europe. Okay. I want to make that point first. As a percentage of the total, these new geo expansion initiatives, perhaps, now account for about 18% of the Energy segments revenue. So it's rather significant. Gosh, I think we don't have to roll the clock back much beyond 3 years and we'd only see that number to be 5% or 6% of the segment's revenue. We will continue. We are continuing to add resources, people resources around the world for the Energy segment, as I commented in my opening comments. I would love to sit here and tell you that you'll see 40% growth every year for the next 5 years. The math sort of starts to work against us a little bit. We will continue to see significant growth opportunities for Energy, especially around artificial lift during the next 2 to 3 years. But you should expect that growth to come -- the growth rate to moderate significantly. It's representing 18% of their revenue today.
Operator: And your final question is with Jamie Sullivan with RBC Capital.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You talked pretty positively about the Energy trajectory in 2014 and pretty balanced throughout the end markets. Maybe you can just talk a little bit about some of the underpinnings of the assumptions there, whether there's some visibility in international markets or projects, maybe you can just provide a little bit more color on the Energy growth.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So let me -- I guess, the key assumption or the underpinning behind our guidance and forecast for Energy for '14 would be our take on what we're going to see in rig count activity here in North America. That's always where we start. We actually -- we are -- our assumption is that rig count in both U.S. as well as in North America for 2014 is actually flat with '13. I know there's some reports out there that show rig count activity to be forecasted to be up modestly, but our assumption is that it will be flat. That said, even with the flat rig count, we continue to see and expect increased well activity in 2014. I would call it mid-single-digit increase in well activity. Outside of North America, we continue to see more and more, I call it tender projects that we feel that we should be participants in. That's been a significant part of the growth that we've had in our Energy business over the last couple of years. And we see that continuing into '14 and beyond.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then just a follow-up, there's been a fair amount of talk of FX on the earnings call this far. What's baked into the guidance and maybe just what the impact is in '14?
Robert A. Livingston: That -- I'm sorry, you were fading a bit. You're asking what is the impact of FX in our '14 guidance?
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes, I was just saying that FX has been a topic of your conversation through the earnings call. I was just wondering what's in the guidance for '14?
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, sorry. Our guidance would be pretty neutral for Dover. Keep in mind that some of these markets that have seen quite a bit of activity or change in the valuation of their currencies, we're not a big player in some of those markets. So at this point, our forecast is built on pretty steady assumption around FX.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our question-and-answers period. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Jennifer. This concludes our conference call. As usual, we're very happy that you joined us this morning and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's Fourth Quarter 2013 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President of Investor Relations Robert A. Livingston - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's third quarter earnings call. Today's call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's third quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the remainder of the year. We will then open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through October 31, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is 1 (800) 585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following reservation code: 74383862. Before we get started, I'd like remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I was very pleased with our third quarter results, which were driven by strong conversion on broad-based revenue growth, highlighted by 13% growth in Engineered Systems. I was also pleased to see organic growth across all segments. In all, we generated 3% organic revenue growth, achieved record margin and grew adjusted EPS 23%. From a geographic perspective, our North American markets were quite positive. Our China markets remained solid, highlighted by active Printing & Identification markets. And lastly, our European markets were improved and showed solid growth after several quarters of contraction. I would not describe Europe as recovered, but we were encouraged with our third quarter results in our early-cycle businesses. Now some specific comments on our third quarter. At Communication Technologies, our consumer electronics growth was driven by new OEM product launches. These launches provided Knowles the opportunity to supply all acoustic product categories to this key OEM. Our volume was lower than forecasted, driven by 2 factors: the launch occurred later than anticipated, and late OEM product specification changes limited our output in the quarter from initial expectations. In our Energy segment, we saw significant growth in our drilling and downstream businesses. Drilling benefited from share gains and increased activity in China, and downstream continues to serve a healthy global retail fueling and transportation market. Within production, artificial lift grew organically at 3%, primarily driven by international activity, but was offset by a weak winch market and the timing of shipments and soft U.S. activity. Within our Engineered Systems segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets were seasonally strong and our business performance again was excellent. Regarding our fluids markets, our solid results were driven by our broad-based pump businesses, which more than offset slow heat exchanger and dispenser markets. Our industrial end markets remained solid, with continued strength in our waste handling business. Within our Printing & Identification segment, growth in both our fast-moving consumer goods and industrial markets resulted in very good performance. We saw solid growth in Europe and Asia and continued to deliver on margin improvement initiatives. As we look to the fourth quarter, we see a full quarter of production supporting OEM products launched in the third quarter, which should drive sequential growth in consumer electronics, continued strong performance in Energy, driven by international activity in production and downstream markets, normal seasonality in our refrigeration markets and seasonal strength in our Printing & Identification markets. We continued to execute on our acquisition pipeline and closed 4 synergistic deals, including 2 in October. We also announced another important pump deal, which should close before year end. Collectively, these acquisitions will help build out our fluids, Energy and Printing & Identification growth spaces. Our pipeline remains active, and we expect to announce additional deals in the near term. I'm also pleased to report the spin-off of Knowles is progressing well, and we are on track to complete it early next year. In summary, I am pleased with our execution and results in the third quarter. Though I feel quite positive about our growth and productivity initiatives as well as our acquisition pipeline, we still face challenging market conditions. As a result, we have lowered our revenue growth expectations and narrowed our full year EPS range. As we enter the fourth quarter, I feel confident in our ability to deliver continued strong performance. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad M. Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on Slide 3 of our presentation deck. Today we reported third quarter revenue of $2.3 billion, an increase of 7% over the prior year. Organic revenue grew 3%, while growth from acquisitions was 4%. Earnings per share were $1.53. Adjusting for $0.03 of discrete tax benefits, a $0.06 impact related to spin-off costs and $0.02 benefit from other onetime gains, adjusted EPS was $1.54, an increase of 23%. A reconciliation of our adjusted earnings per share is in the appendix of our presentation deck. Segment margin for the quarter was 19.4%, up 100 basis points. This result was driven by excellent execution, the benefits of prior restructuring and cost reduction activities. The performance was broad-based as each segment reported significant margin improvement. Bookings increased 9% over the prior year to $2.2 billion. Again, these results were broad-based, with growth of 13% in Energy, 11% in Engineered Systems, whereas bookings increased 5% in Printing & Identification and 3% in Communication Technologies. Overall, book to bill finished at 0.96, slightly improved from last year. Backlog increased 2% to $1.5 billion. In the quarter, we generated $283 million of free cash flow, representing 13% of revenue. Our full year forecast for free cash flow remains unchanged at approximately 10% of revenue. Now turning to Slide 4. Communication Technologies, largely driven by new product releases in the consumer electronics market, grew 4% organically. Energy, Engineered Systems and Printing & Identification all exhibited broad-based organic growth of 3%. Overall, our organic revenue growth was 3%. Acquisition growth was 9% in Engineered Systems and 1% in Energy. Now let's turn to Slide 5, in our sequential results. Revenue increased 1% from the second quarter. New smartphone releases helped drive 3% growth in Communication Technologies. All other segments displayed sequential trends that are generally in line with our normal seasonal pattern. Sequential bookings declined 2% overall, which is reflective of our normal seasonality. Energy's bookings increased 13% on the strength of large orders received from Queensland Gas. As we mentioned in the last call, this important project will create some lumpiness in Energy's booking trends. While Communication Technologies bookings were essentially flat, order rates in our consumer electronic markets were up 9%. Printing & Identification bookings declined 1%. Lastly, Engineered Systems declined 11%, which is largely reflective of the normal seasonality inherent in our refrigeration markets. Now on Slide 6. Communication Technologies posted revenue of $414 million, an increase of 4% from the prior year. This growth principally reflects the impact of new product releases in the smartphone market. In all, our consumer electronics business grew 6%. Also of note, our medical technology and telecom and other markets exhibited solid growth. Aerospace/defense was flat. Earnings increased 19% to $76 million, and segment margin increased 230 basis points to 18.4%. This performance reflects solid conversion on volume, productivity gains and benefits related to restructuring. During the quarter, we continued to make significant investments in the soon-to-be-opened Philippines plant to support growth and productivity initiatives for Knowles. Also we are pleased with our progress as we work through the complexities associated with our new acoustic product launches. As previously discussed, these OEM product launches were delayed a few weeks from our original forecast. In addition, late OEM specification changes limited our output within the quarter. We are now fully qualified and are actively shipping on all acoustic product lines. Looking to the fourth quarter, we see both sequential and year-over-year growth in consumer electronics, driven by new product launches. This year-over-year growth will be partially offset by anticipated lower demand from Nokia and BlackBerry. Bookings were $424 million, up 3% from last year. Book to bill finished at 1.02. Turning to Slide 7. Energy revenue of $577 million increased 3%, and earnings of $145 million were up 5%. Energy produced another solid quarter as drilling and downstream achieved strong revenue growth. Share gains, coupled with increased international activity, resulted in 12% revenue growth in our drilling business. Production revenue declined 2% primarily driven by weak winch markets, especially military applications, the timing of shipments, and soft U.S. activity. Within production, our artificial lift business grew 3% organically on the benefits of our continued focus on global market expansion. Within our downstream markets, we continue to see solid demand in retail fueling and transportation, resulting in 7% growth. Operating margin of 25.2% was up 50 basis points over the last year. This reflects the favorable product mix and strong conversion. Since the close of the quarter, we have completed 2 add-on acquisitions to expand our retail fueling capabilities. The initial acquisition accounting will put some pressure on margin in the fourth quarter, though we still anticipate ending the year with margin in excess of 24% in this segment. Bookings were $595 million, a 13% increase from the prior year. Bookings growth was broad-based, with all end markets recording double-digit growth. In particular, production was driven by strong Australia activity. Book to bill was 1.03. Now on Slide 8. Engineered Systems had another excellent quarter, where sales of $1 billion and earnings of $172 million were up 13% and 19%, respectively. Our Fluid Solutions platform revenue increased 4% to $227 million, benefiting from solid results in our pump markets as we continue to focus on the oil and gas, plastics and petrochemicals and hygiene markets. In Refrigeration & Industrial, revenue grew 15% to $778 million, reflecting the Anthony acquisition and growth in refrigeration, food equipment and vehicle service markets. Continued strong execution and cost reduction activities drove operating margin to 17.1%, up 90 basis points, reflecting solid leverage on volume. Looking to the fourth quarter. We expect the normal seasonal decline in refrigeration revenue and the impact of modestly lower order rates. As a result, fourth quarter revenue is slightly off our previous forecast. Bookings were $884 million, an increase of 11%, driven by recent acquisitions. Overall book to bill was 0.88. Our Fluid Solutions platform bookings increased 12% to $222 million, driven by our long-cycle pump businesses serving the plastics and petrochemical markets. Refrigeration & Industrial increased 10% to $662 million, primarily on acquisitions. Book to bill for Fluid Solutions was 0.98, while Refrigeration & Industrial's book to bill was a seasonally normal 0.85. Now let's turn to Slide 9. Printing & Identification produced a very solid quarter, where revenue of $257 million and earnings of $43 million were up 4% and 9%, respectively. Revenue growth was broad-based, as fast-moving consumer goods grew 5% and industrial grew 3%. Also of note, we saw a nice growth in Europe and developing markets grew as well. Operating margin increased 70 basis points to 16.7%, reflecting solid conversion, restructuring benefits and improved performance in our barcoding business. Bookings were $256 million, up 5%, reflecting broad-based growth. Book to bill ended at 1, up slightly from last year. Now going to the overview on Slide 10. Third quarter net interest expense was essentially flat at $30 million. Corporate expense increased $11 million to $43 million, principally reflecting incurred spin-off costs. We also had a onetime pension curtailment gain of $4 million. Our third quarter tax rate was 28.7%, excluding discrete tax benefits. Capital expenditures were $57 million in the quarter. Lastly, we repurchased 650,000 shares for approximately $57 million in the quarter, all of which we repurchased under the $1 billion program. In total, we have repurchased 657 million and remain on pace to complete 70% to 80% of the program by the end of the year. Now turning to Slide 11 in our 2013 revenue guidance. We now expect full year organic revenue growth of approximately 3%. Adding in 4% growth from acquisitions, full year revenue growth is now expected to be about 7%. Our revised forecast is largely driven by a reduced short-term outlook for our consumer electronics business. Accordingly, we have reduced our organic revenue forecast for Communication Technologies by about 3 points to 6% to 7%. Our full year outlook for Engineered Systems and Energy is at the low end of our prior range, at 2% and 3%, respectively. Our forecast for Printing & Identification remains unchanged. Moving on to Slide 12, which shows our full year guidance. We are narrowing our full year EPS guidance and now expect full year EPS to be in the range of $5.57 to $5.64. The bridge from our prior range can be found in the appendix to our presentation deck. As a quick review, we now expect full year revenue growth of around 7%. Corporate expense is now $150 million and represents the net impact of incurred spin-off costs, pension curtailment gains and lower spending. Interest expense is slightly lower at $123 million. CapEx should be about 3% of revenue. Our full year tax rate of around 27.8% is slightly higher than our previous expectations due to mix of geographic earnings. Turning to the earnings bridge on Slide 13. 2012 adjusted EPS was $4.44. For the full year, the impact of volume and mix is now $0.30 to $0.33, reflecting our lower revenue forecast. Net productivity remained a key contributor and adds $0.25 to $0.28. We expect completed acquisitions to be $0.11 to $0.12 accretive for the year, down from our previous estimate, reflecting a dilutive $0.02 fourth quarter impact from our recently completed acquisitions. These acquisitions are expected to be accretive in 2014. Investment and compensation will have an $0.18 to $0.20 impact for the year. Reduced corporate spending, coupled with the onetime pension gain, will provide a $0.02 benefit. The combined impact of our ongoing share repurchase program, normalized tax rate, the incremental interest expense should have a net benefit of $0.30 to $0.32. Our slightly higher tax rate had a $0.04 impact. And as mentioned, incurred spin-off costs were $0.08 and discrete tax items provided a $0.41 benefit. Based on the above, earnings per share from continuing operations are expected to be $5.57 to $5.64. On an adjusted basis, our revised guidance reflects a $0.02 improvement from the bottom end of our prior range and a reduction of $0.06 off the top end. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob for some final thoughts.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I mentioned earlier, I am very pleased with our third quarter performance as we delivered strong results in a low-growth macro economy. I am very encouraged by our continued execution on our growth strategies and productivity initiatives. In particular, over the past 5 years, we have seen the positive impact of our increased focus on expanding our activity outside of our core North American and European markets. The focus is a bit different for each segment, recognizing their uniqueness and opportunity sets. Let me share a couple of data points as illustration. Within Energy, there has been a focus on the expansion of their drilling activity into China, growing their production business in the Middle East and Australia and building their downstream position in all developing economies. Overall, Energy's revenue outside of North America and Europe has more than doubled over the last 5 years and is almost $400 million on an annualized basis. In refrigeration, Hill PHOENIX has focused on expanding their business from their core U.S. markets to Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean and now into South America. Over the last 5 years, refrigeration's revenue outside the U.S. has grown from 10% to 21%. These growth initiatives have been supported through our acquisition activity. Most recently, the announcements of Finder, SPIRIT, KPS and Fiberly [ph] all bring complementary products and technology to help foster this global growth. In addition to executing on our growth strategies, we continue to do a great job on productivity and our operational excellence initiatives. We expect to continue our outstanding performance as we consolidate our manufacturing footprint and share infrastructure across our segments. In all, I remain very confident with our positioning and long-term prospects. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. At this time, I'd like to turn it back over to Laurie. [Operator Instructions] Laurie, can we have the first question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Barclays.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Bob, when we look at our variances, it just looked like your margins were very, very strong this quarter. And can you help us understand a couple of things? I mean, one, given how strong the margin performance is, I mean, I understand the top line is coming a little soft. But is there any reason to expect those margins will come down in 4Q that indicates the guidance would come down a little bit? Because there seems a little bit of a disconnect there. And then just as an aside on that, you seemed a little bit more cautious on 4Q. Is that an indication that you saw something in October that scared you a little bit? Or is it just -- are you just being cautious?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, let me take them in order. So your first question, Scott, was about the continuation or sustainability of third quarter margins into the fourth quarter?
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, sir. That's correct, yes.
Robert A. Livingston: So historically, our -- we have so much seasonality in a couple of our segments that the fourth quarter, both revenue and margins, have historically been less than what we achieved in both the second and the third quarter. So you will see the margins come down in the fourth quarter. But I think maybe embedded in your question was, is there anything unusual in the third quarter that benefited our margins? And the answer is no. We have been executing not just this year, but last year, on our productivity initiatives. Scott, we're going to have about $30 million of restructuring charges for the full calendar year of '13, and it was very much front-end loaded. I think 2/3 of those charges occurred in the first half. And I think what you're seeing here in the third quarter, we'll see some more in the fourth quarter. We'll continue with this in 2014. You're seeing the benefits of some of those productivity initiatives. The second question, am I being cautious? For the fourth quarter, did I see something -- have we seen something different here in October? We haven't seen anything different in October. I would tell you that when you look at our revenue, our revenue guidance, and you go from the top end of our previous guidance of 3 to 5 to our current guidance of 3, I'll throw out a number. Let's just say we're talking about $130 million to $150 million of organic revenue. Scott, from an internal goal perspective, I would say that the bulk of that reduction is a result of third quarter revenue not meeting our internal expectations. We saw a little bit of a miss in Energy, especially in production; a little bit of a miss even with an outstanding quarter with respect to our internal goals. Hill PHOENIX is off a little bit. And then we have the issue at Comm Tech, Communication Technologies. We were probably off, oh, maybe $25 million from our internal goal in the third quarter due to the late product launches. And we're probably going to be about $20 million off our internal goal in the fourth quarter due to some lower volume that we're now seeing at Nokia and RIM -- or I'm sorry, BlackBerry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just -- obviously, you provided some good color in terms of the impact from Nokia and BlackBerry in 4Q. But can you just spend a bit about the $0.06 growth in similar charge between handsets and other fee?
Brad M. Cerepak: Okay. I don't have -- I'm not sure I have that data for the third quarter. I can tell you how we look at it for the year, Nigel. We're looking at, in consumer electronics, a growth year-over-year for the full year of about 13%. But it is interesting. Within consumer electronics for the year, that growth of 13%, embedded in that is handset growth of about 20%. So that sort of begs the question, if handset is growing at 20%, what's not growing? And I would say we're relatively flat in other areas in consumer electronics like components for earbuds, notebooks. And I -- the tablet market has been rather flat, a little bit of growth this year. But I would also point out that we're about ready to see the launch of some new products in the tablet market that we have pretty strong participation in, that will benefit Communication Technologies as we go into 2014.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Now tablets traditionally been quite a weak area for you guys. I mean, would there be share gains?
Robert A. Livingston: Would you repeat that question?
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. I mean, the tablet hasn't a been strong area for Knowles traditionally. So would those represent share gains?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I would say we've had strong participation in the tablet market, but probably not as strong of a share position in the tablet market as we have had in the handset market. I actually believe as we exit this year going into '14, you'll see these guys with a stronger share position in the tablet market than we've had historically.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a follow-on. Post-Knowles, you're obviously going to have a good-sized contribution from Energy in the portfolio. We're starting to see some weakening on the production side in North America. Can you maybe just talk about some of the changes that you've experienced and seen on the production side in North America? And are you content to have such a large proportion of your EBIT driven by Energy going forward?
Robert A. Livingston: The changes we see in North America? Let me give you a comment on the third quarter. I would -- I'd circle a number. I'd circle a number of about $25 million that I feel we were short of with respect to our internal goals for production in the third quarter. Nigel, $8 million of that was actually shipments scheduled for the third quarter that were ready, that were shipped, and we had a deferral on revenue recognition. I'm blaming Brad on that, okay? But we did have a little bit of a slower start in Canada as we came out of the spring thaw. We saw activity a little softer there in July and August. But I would say that the activity in Canada in September and so far here in October has been back to normal levels, and we're quite happy with the activity level. The one comment I'd share on the U.S. market, and this is sort of the reason why I have my comment about softer U.S. activity, it's very, very specific to a couple of Texas basins or Texas fields. The Permian Basin for -- I guess in particular, was down for us, not only down against last year but down against expectations. The other basins around North America, especially in the U.S., were actually solid to strong. But there was a shortfall in the Permian Basin.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And what would have caused that?
Robert A. Livingston: I think most of it is inventory adjustments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch of Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So I just wanted to make sure I understand the Comm Tech context, because some other tech firms have been reporting weaker China emerging markets this earnings season. So it sounds like, Bob and Brad, that, that's not really what you're experiencing. This was more Dover specific, or is the 3-point reduction, is there any aspect of the market that you are seeing that may not have to do with your own timing of orders?
Robert A. Livingston: No, I wouldn't -- I would not label the change in revenue at Communications Technologies as having anything to do with the geographic market. As I commented, it was all about the OEM product launches that were a few weeks later than we had anticipated, not only the beginning of the year, but I would also say at the end of the second quarter, and continuing, I would say, a continuing struggle that we're having with lower volume, especially here in the fourth quarter at Nokia and BlackBerry. It is interesting, I -- you mentioned China. I'll share another interesting data point. You look at our 3 largest geographic markets, and I'll label them as North America, Europe and then Asia, including China. John, we had 4% organic growth in all 4 markets. We -- it was -- I commented in my prepared script about the growth in Europe. We had 4% growth in Europe. We saw some early signs of that as we were coming out of the fourth quarter -- or the second quarter. But we had a very strong quarter in Europe, especially in 2 or 3 of our early-cycle businesses.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So Bob, the performance then of the segment, and I mean you called out a little bit of the issues, was there a difference as you kind of looked into the segment in the fourth quarter between MEMS and non-MEMS business of the segment?
Robert A. Livingston: In the fourth quarter?
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Well, in the third quarter and that leads you to obviously your commentary around the fourth quarter in the slightly lower reduction of target.
Robert A. Livingston: In the handset market? No, not really. We obviously have a stronger position with MEMS in the non-high-handset piece of the consumer electronics market. But I made a comment about late spec changes by the OEM. That was not on just one product. That was on a couple of products. It was MEMS as well as speaker boxes.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then with respect to share repurchase, what are your thoughts -- particularly at Knowles, I'm presuming it's going to pay the parent, you guys, a dividend. What are your thoughts toward extending possibly share repurchase next year based on that, or just the success of the program this year?
Robert A. Livingston: John, I'll wait and comment on that in the first quarter.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Last question, Bob. Was there any benefit? The margin expansion was very impressive. Was there any benefit from -- I mean, you called that restructuring, right? That was front-end loaded this year. Was there any benefit from the supplier sourcing initiatives that Dover had begun under your leadership a few years ago? Or has that, for the most part, tailed off and this is...
Robert A. Livingston: No, I wouldn't say it's tailed off. In fact, it's been rather steady for the last couple of years. I don't have a separate data point to pull out of that. But yes, that has been part of it, and continues to be part of it and will continue to be part of our operational excellence and productivity initiatives for next year.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So it sounds like you feel pretty good about the runway, particularly if volumes begin to pick back up again?
Robert A. Livingston: I think we're very, very well positioned for any pickup in volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan of Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Bob, so can you just explain a little bit more what drove these required spec changes and I guess why they came so late? And have you experienced this type of requirement before? And just -- you talked about some market share losses. Are those recoverable or temporary in the quarter? Maybe fill that out, too.
Robert A. Livingston: Oh, gosh, Shannon. If you're asking me to give you a technical explanation of those spec changes, I could probably do it and be wrong, okay? Is it normal? We don't see it on every product launch. Does it happen on occasion? Yes, and so I wouldn't label this as an unusual occurrence, but it does happen on occasion. And when I say a late spec change, if memory serves me correctly, I think we were dealing with a specification change like 3 weeks, 4 weeks prior to the OEM's product launch. It was that late in the cycle.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And the losses, the market share losses you're talking about, I mean, are those permanent losses? Or what occurred there?
Robert A. Livingston: No. Actually, I will tell you, as we came out of the third quarter and here in October, we are shipping on all of our acoustic products to the OEMs that we're qualified with according to our share award. And furthermore, I would tell you that we're shipping just about everything we can build.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, that's what I would have said. We're shipping everything that we can make.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just over on Energy then, on the drilling business, I mean, it was up 12%. Obviously, the comp probably is starting to get really easy there. But you talked about China drilling. I mean, are you actually expecting sort of strong growth to resume in drilling? Or was that kind a comp-related pop this quarter?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, you are right. We did have a bit of an easier comp, but I've got to give some credit to the business guys here. It wasn't just an easy comp. The share gains that I mentioned, I would label that activity around our core customers here in North America. But there has been a growing and a building of activity and expanding their customer base outside of the core customers here in North America, and they've started to have some success over the last couple of years in China. The success has been building this year. And the activity in the third quarter was significant enough for them in China, that I wanted to point that out.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Crédit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I just had a question on the fluids business inside Engineered Systems. At the beginning of the year, there were some customer deferrals. I think those went away. But obviously, one of the major pumps guys came out with some sales reduction this morning. I just wondered organically within your fluids business, what are you seeing? So I think some numbers you mentioned had acquisitions included.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So organically in fluids, gosh, Brad, help me. I think it was 4%?
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, the fluids, as we defined it, was more than pumps.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, but within the platform, I think it was 4% organic. But it's interesting, we've got 3 businesses in our fluids platform. The pumps business that you're referring to was the best performing on a comp basis in the third quarter. In fact, the other 2 businesses in fluids actually had negative organic growth. My comment earlier about our growth in Europe, I will tell you, did not include these 2 businesses in fluids, which is our heat exchanger business and our dispenser business. Both were down in Europe in the third quarter, which is a key market for both. But our pumps business is performing pretty solid around the globe, not just in Europe.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then on the restructuring and the kind of productivity savings, I mean, you pushed up by a few cents the kind of productivity savings you expect to get this year. Does that reflect any kind of acceleration in restructuring spend? Or are you just getting a better payback on the plans that you had outlined at the beginning of the year?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I think we may be getting a little bit better payback now, but I'm not sure that's the significant item. I think we have found opportunities, as the year has progressed, to increase our productivity actions. I actually think coming into the year, maybe our restructuring charge number for the year may have been low 20s, $20 million or $22 million.
Brad M. Cerepak: $22 million, yes.
Robert A. Livingston: We're going to end the year at ...
Brad M. Cerepak: Almost $30 million.
Robert A. Livingston: Almost $30 million. So we have able to find additional opportunities that we didn't have on our activity plans at the beginning of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just back to Energy and your confidence in Q4 or perhaps uncertainty on Q4. If we go back to the Q2 discussion and if we would have left that Queensland order in Q2 where it belongs, the book to bill was 1.3. But if we leave that guy over in Q2, it puts the Energy book to bill at only 0.9 here in Q3. So I'm just wondering now, as you look actually at your Q4 revenue forecast, are there substantial kind of book-and-ship type activities that you need to see happen here in the fourth quarter to reach that forecast? Or is it kind of in backlog at this point?
Robert A. Livingston: No, I would -- for the businesses within Energy that I would say actually sort of manage their activity driven by a backlog, I would say the backlog is there for the fourth quarter. Jeff, the bulk of our -- aside from this Queensland order that we referred to a couple of times, the bulk of our activity in artificial lift, and I would say even within drilling and for probably half of downstream, it may not be booked and shipped in the same month, but it's a pretty quick cycle business. The activity -- I'm actually fairly confident with our outlook for Energy for the fourth quarter. I think we'll see a pretty strong recovery in production in the fourth quarter, both here in the U.S., as well as our increased activity in our geo-expansion initiatives. And we're looking for a fairly solid performance again in the fourth quarter from downstream.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Right. I'm just wondering on back to Comm Tech and the pressure from Nokia and BlackBerry, I think in the Knowles Form 10, only Samsung was called out as being above 10% of sales. I may be incorrect on that. But obviously, Nokia and BlackBerry have been shrinking for a long time. Are they collectively over 10% of sales? Or how big are they at this point?
Robert A. Livingston: Oh, gosh. I wasn't -- I didn't brief myself on the Form 10 coming into this call this morning. I don't believe -- you're asking if Nokia and BlackBerry together represent 10% of Comm Tech's revenue, the answer is no, not even close.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. So that bleed then starts to kind of burn off, right? I mean, obviously, there's some channel disruptions from BlackBerry's failed launches and everything, but...
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, yes.
Brad M. Cerepak: I agree with that.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Right. Okay. And then just finally, and I'll pass it. Bob, you said Hill PHOENIX came in a little bit light of your expectations. Was there anything in particular that stood out? Was it project timing? Anything of note there?
Robert A. Livingston: If I had to point to 2 things, Jeff, I would say we continue to see softness in the U.S. market in the Northeast. And we saw that through the first half of the year. I would say that it was probably a little bit softer in the third quarter than even we saw in the first half of the year. But I also think that what we're seeing here in the second half of the year is a little bit of a reduced expectations in Mexico for Hill PHOENIX.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Interesting. And Anthony is not in your organic...
Robert A. Livingston: With respect to Mexico, that is timing.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And Anthony is not in the organic yet, right? But how is it actually -- Anthony performing?
Robert A. Livingston: We're very happy with Anthony's performance. The earnings that they're going to deliver to Dover and to us this year is right on our acquisition model and on our forecast.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just going into Energy for a second. The comps going into Q4 for drilling also are pretty easy. And so thinking back to Brad's comments earlier about the margins being 24% plus, that's a pretty wide range into the fourth quarter. Can you describe your confidence in your ability to maybe drive 25% margins based on the mix and productivity issues that you've undertaken thus far this year in Energy?
Brad M. Cerepak: Let me just clarify. My comment was in excess of 24% for the year.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's right.
Brad M. Cerepak: And we did point out that in Energy, there'll be pressure on that margin in the fourth quarter due to these late in the year deals we've just completed in the downstream side. In fact, if you think about how we've guided and you look at the bridge on acquisitions, you'll see that our acquisition expectations for the year have come down just a bit, $0.02 to $0.03. And that's really the deals taking place in the fourth quarter. You can argue that's part of the reason we've come off the top end of our range. $0.06 on a performance basis includes completing these deals and then they'll be accretive into the next year. To just clarify, we do see some pressure on the margin in the fourth quarter because of the amortization and deal costs associated with closing those deals.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful...
Robert A. Livingston: So Joe, if I were to add anything to that, and that's on the top line in drilling, we do expect to see fourth quarter revenue to be down sequentially from the third quarter. But yet when we look at the fourth quarter year-over-year, the growth is going to be high single digits.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then one other question on Engineered Systems. I know that the organic growth forecast for the year is now 2%. It still implies a pretty meaningful acceleration in the fourth quarter. And you have some headwinds with seasonally weak refrigeration revenues. The order rates haven't been great. And so talk to me a little bit about the confidence that you have in hitting that mid-single-digit number for 4Q.
Robert A. Livingston: I feel pretty confident with the fourth quarter forecast across all the segments, especially DES. My comment about some of the -- I call it revenue miss with respect to internal expectations in the third quarter, with respect to Engineered Systems, it was almost all at Hill PHOENIX. And I think we've actually taken a fairly conservative view in the fourth quarter forecast for Hill PHOENIX.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Even though you're still continuing to see some weakness in the Northeast, are there pockets geographically where you're seeing some strength as we enter the fourth quarter?
Robert A. Livingston: Especially outside of the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charley Brady of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you just talk a little bit about -- I mean, just in terms of emerging markets? I mean, obviously, China sounds as though it's probably stronger than I would have guessed, given the comments I heard from other companies. But just outside of China, in other kind of emerging markets, I mean, are you seeing any kind of tapering of growth there? And then can you also kindly speak in terms of what pricing and raw material costs are looking like? Are you getting any kind of benefit? Because it sounds like raw materials are coming in for [ph] a little bit better than kind of budgeted.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So I shared my comment on Asia. Other emerging markets, gosh, Charlie, the ones for us that are meaningful is our activity in the Middle East and Australia. Those markets, we continue to see growth in, we'll see growth there in the fourth quarter. We expect more growth out of those 2 markets in 2014. If we look at South America as an entire market, the third quarter activity was lighter than we expected. But I would take that back to my comment around Hill PHOENIX and some deferrals of order, mostly around timing activity in Mexico. But we feel that the emerging markets for the fourth quarter and going into 2014 continue to provide a very nice growth opportunity for all of Dover. I'd like to see the growth continue in Europe.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Right. Can you just talk about sort of pricing kind of across the board, across the segments?
Brad M. Cerepak: Well, yes, to your question on materials, we did see a little bit of favorability in terms of material input costs in the quarter. Not a substantial change...
Robert A. Livingston: Pretty modest.
Brad M. Cerepak: Pretty modest coming off of Q2. And I would say some of the pricing that we have put in place related to materials earlier quarters have started to come down a bit. So the net spread on as we track price as it relates to materials sequentially really is pretty flat off the second quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: Not a major change.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Sullivan of RBC Capital Markets.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I have a question about -- you talked about the Queensland orders and that may be a little bit of a comp headwind as we go into next year. Can you kind of frame that for us and how we should think about that in 2014?
Robert A. Livingston: No, okay. So from a bookings point of view, it's always a bit difficult to actually peg exactly when we get the order. It's not a steady monthly drumbeat of orders there. They tend to be an annual award or a semiannual award. So from a -- on any individual quarter, there could be a negative on the comp with respect to that activity. For the year, we expect our activity in Australia and specifically around the Queensland project to be up in '14 versus '13.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And I guess similarly on the margin side, you talked about some of the restructuring expenses going from 20 to 30 this year from original plan. Is -- should we think about the 20 as kind of the ongoing sort of spend? Or is it more of a benefit to the margin as we go into next year?
Robert A. Livingston: No, I -- look, I'm not prepared to start giving 2014 guidance. But with respect to that specific question, I think you should continue to expect us to execute on $20 million plus of restructuring activity in 2014.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is the Anthony seasonality similar to Hill PHOENIX?
Robert A. Livingston: In the U.S., it's almost identical.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And year to date...
Robert A. Livingston: There's a little bit of a difference outside of the U.S., but in the U.S., it's almost identical, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And so I just wanted to make sure I'm baseline correct here. But year-to-date, I've got revenues of about $210 million for Anthony?
Robert A. Livingston: I don't have that detail. I don't have the detail, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, okay. So you guys don't know what the run rate of the -- I mean, you're saying close-the-case has gone well, so it's growing but...
Robert A. Livingston: Close-the-case is going well, yes.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So how do you track that without the Anthony revs?
Brad M. Cerepak: No, we have the Anthony revs, Steve. We just don't have them right at our fingertips at this moment.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Oh, got you. Okay, okay. That's helpful. An then -- and then -- yes, okay. And then...
Brad M. Cerepak: I mean, we do [indiscernible] close-the-case very, very closely. And I would say coming into the year, we had expectations for close-the-case. And our view right now is we're right on track where we expected to be with that program, and it's providing some nice growth for Anthony. I don't have it in front of me, but Paul could ...
Robert A. Livingston: We also had a fairly aggressive forecast for Anthony for close-the-case, and they're hitting it.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And then just on the margin front, I mean, you guys -- you said 24 plus for Engineered, so that's -- and Energy, that's helpful. Can you maybe just kind of baseline us for the year on some of the other segments? Maybe a little bit of a range, just so we can -- because there's a -- you guys blew it away this quarter. But you said the total margin will be below the second quarter, I guess. Is that kind of the -- from reading the code correctly, is that the way to think about it? Now we're kind of back into the other? Are there any other moving parts in the segments that we should be aware of, I guess, third to fourth quarter here?
Brad M. Cerepak: Well, no. I guess from where we were last time, I would answer that question as no, no significant changes related to where we thought we would end the year. We originally said we would growth 30 to 40 basis points. I think we're on track to do that. I would expect DPI to be a little bit weaker in the fourth quarter not because of the revenue but because we are doing some -- Bob talked about restructuring. There's a lot of benefits flowing through, but you will hear us talk about another restructuring activity in our Printing & Identification business in particular in the fourth.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. And I know the timing of that may seem odd, but we actually want to get this done in the fourth quarter, not just for margin improvement for next year, but for some, I would call it some customer-facing activity that we want to be executing on going into 2014.
Brad M. Cerepak: I think you'll see DES seasonally, seasonally down. DE We talked about. And in Comm Tech, you'll see a little bit of a reduction going into the fourth quarter as well.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Just one last very quick housekeeping item, I guess just going back to this Anthony question. I think in the press release, it was a $310 million business last year, you said in the press release, I guess, when you acquired it?
Brad M. Cerepak: Okay.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If you divide that by the last year's revenues you're getting to about 9% acquisition, 9% contribution of revenues, and you guys are saying it's an 8% acquisition contribution. I just want to make sure that there's not a -- you guys are reporting, maybe reporting a part of the business differently, and maybe there was like some runoff revenue that's not included because there are some acquisitions in there this year, right?
Brad M. Cerepak: Not in -- this year in refrigeration? No.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Or in just Engineered, total Engineered?
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes. I think Paul could take this question offline. But I do think if I recollect the $310 million number, when we acquired Anthony, as I think we pointed out, they were a supplier to Hill PHOENIX. And so that's probably why you're asking the question is that there -- the way we think about it now, is we do not think about Anthony with that internal supply...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, there's a lens, there's a lens. That answered the question.
Robert A. Livingston: If memory serves me right, Steve, I think the -- I call it the intercompany activity between Anthony and Hill PHOENIX was in the $30 million to $40 million range.
Brad M. Cerepak: That's right. That's right.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So that would get you like the 2 -- okay, yes, that makes a ton of sense. That makes a ton of sense. Perfectly.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Laurie. This concludes our conference call. We thank you for your continued interest in Dover, and we look forward to speaking to you again in January. Have a good day.
Operator: That concludes today's Third Quarter 2013 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President of Investor Relations Robert A. Livingston - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the second quarter 2013 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's second quarter earnings call. Today's call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's second quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the remainder of the year. We will then open up the call for questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 1, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is 1 (800) 585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code: 12556710. And before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Forms 10-K and 10-Q for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statement. Also we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I was very pleased with our second quarter results, which were driven by strong revenue growth, especially in the consumer electronics and refrigeration markets. Our energy and fluid markets also contributed solid growth. In all, we generated 5% organic revenue growth, improved margins 30 basis points and grew adjusted EPS 24%. From a geographic point of view, our North American markets were modestly positive, our China markets were strong, resulting in broad-based growth of 20%. We continued to see significant growth from the investments we have been making in Latin America, the Middle East and Australia. Lastly, European markets were largely flat in the quarter. Many of the positive trends evident in the second quarter are continuing, giving us confidence as we move into the second half of the year. The served markets within energy, as well as the consumer electronics, refrigeration and food equipment, fluids and fast-moving consumer goods markets should all be strong, as evidenced by 8% bookings growth. Much like the second quarter, we see third quarter organic growth led by additional OEM product releases in the consumer electronics markets; continued strong performance in our downstream and production markets within energy, helped by an expected modest sequential increase in rig count; seasonal strength in both refrigeration and product identification as several leading retailers continue to remodel plans and consumer goods companies prepare for the holiday selling season; and of course, our global expansion initiatives across our company. Now some specific comments on our second quarter. At Communication Technologies, our consumer electronics growth was driven by new product launches, notably at Samsung. We expect the growth in consumer electronics to continue into the second half, driven by the Samsung ramp and several OEM product launches anticipated for the late third or early fourth quarter. In our Energy segment, solid production activity, especially within international markets, and continuing strength in downstream and retail fueling are among the trends that drove solid results. We expect the rig count to improve sequentially through the remainder of the year and for our production and downstream markets to remain strong. Within our Engineered Systems segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets were seasonally strong, and our business performance was excellent. Regarding our fluids markets, our solid results were driven by a healthy mix of long and short-cycle product shipments, with particular strength in our long-cycle pump business. Our industrial end markets were improved, with solid results in our global auto related markets and strong performance in our environmental solutions group. Within our Printing & Identification segment, growth in our fast-moving consumer goods markets was offset by a tough barcode market and project timing. I am pleased with the recent momentum in this segment, as evidenced by solid sequential revenue growth of 5% and an improving margin. Our acquisition program was quite active during the quarter, as we built our pipeline and closed 4 small synergistic deals, all of which either expand our product breadth or geographic reach. I'm also pleased to report the spin-off of Knowles is progressing well, and we are on track to complete it early next year. In summary, we are taking up the low end of our range based on our solid second quarter performance and our confidence in the second half. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad M. Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on Slide 3 of our presentation deck. Today we reported second quarter revenue of $2.2 billion, an increase of 9% over the prior year. Organic revenue grew 5%, while growth from acquisitions was 4%. Earnings per share were $1.70. Adjusting for $0.36 of discrete tax benefits and a $0.02 impact related to spin off costs, adjusted EPS was $1.36, an increase of 24%. A reconciliation of our adjusted earnings per share is in the appendix of our presentation deck. Segment margin for the quarter was 17.3%, up 30 basis points. This solid result was driven by strong execution and the benefits of prior restructuring. It also included covering incremental restructuring charges of $4 million year-over-year. Bookings increased 8% to $2.2 billion. These results represent strong 15% growth in Engineered Systems and 9% growth in Communication Technologies. Printing & Identification bookings increased 3%, while bookings declined 1% in Energy. Overall book to bill finished at 0.99, which is in line with seasonal trends. Backlog remained steady at $1.6 billion. In the quarter, we generated $251 million of free cash flow, representing 11% of revenue. Our full year forecast for free cash flow remains unchanged at approximately 10% of revenue. Now turning to Slide 4. Communication Technologies, driven by new product releases in the consumer electronics market, grew 11% organically. Energy and Engineered Systems both exhibited broad-based organic growth, posting 5% and 4%, respectively, while Printing & Identification was flat. Overall, our organic revenue growth was 5%. Acquisition growth was 9% in Engineered Systems and 2% in Energy. Now turning to Slide 5 in our sequential results. Revenue increased 9% from the first quarter, with all segments showing sequential growth. Engineered Systems increased 16%, primarily driven by a strong seasonal uplift in Refrigeration and the shipment of longer-cycle product in Fluids, including a deferred shipment from last quarter. Normal seasonal growth, coupled with new smartphone releases, helped drive 8% growth in Communication Technologies. Printing & Identification grew 5%, representing fast-moving consumer goods growth and barcode product shipments. Lastly, solid downstream activity and improved drilling revenue helped drive a 2% increase in Energy. Sequentially, bookings were flat, although 3 of our 4 segments achieved growth. Communication Technologies bookings increased 11% sequentially on the strength of OEM product launches in the consumer electronics market. Printing & Identification showed growth, as several deferred barcode projects began to book. In all, bookings in Printing & Identification grew 9%. Engineered Systems grew 2%, principally driven by its refrigeration and food equipment markets. Energy declined 15% due to seasonality, unusually severe weather in Canada and large Queensland gas orders booked in the first quarter, which did not repeat in the second quarter. The order activity related to this project has already resumed in the third quarter. Now on Slide 6. Communication technologies posted revenue of $401 million, an increase of 11% from the prior year. The strong growth in consumer electronics principally reflects the impact of new product releases in the smartphone market. All other end markets were largely flat, although our telecom market has shown improvement over earlier quarters. Earnings increased 3% to $52 million, while segment margin declined 100 basis points to 12.9%. This decrease largely reflects incremental restructuring costs of approximately $9 million. These costs included productivity and integration activities in our speaker and receiver business and facility rationalizations in our telecom businesses. Absent these charges, margins would have been 15%, an increase of 110 basis points. The majority of our 2013 restructuring activities are now behind us. We expect to realize the benefits of these actions in the second half. Restructuring benefits, coupled with the expected second half volume increases connected with new OEM product launches, will result in a go-forward segment margin that is significantly above our first half level. We are pleased with the progress as we embark on these new product launches, and we've successfully positioned our business as a true launch partner with our OEMs across all acoustic products. Bookings were $422 million, up 9% from last year, reflecting normal seasonality and continuation of the Samsung ramp. Book to bill finished at a solid 1.05. Turning to Slide 7. Energy revenue of $573 million increased 6%, while earnings of $133 million declined 1%. Energy produced another solid quarter, as drilling production and downstream all achieved revenue growth despite an unusually weak Canadian market. As expected, North American rig count declined on a year-over-year basis. Our continued focus on global market expansion allowed us to post another solid quarter of international growth, which was up 37%. Operating margin of 23.2% was down 170 basis points. This reflects product mix, product development costs and investment for international expansion. Bookings were $526 million, a 1% decrease from the prior year. Strong bookings growth in drilling and downstream was offset by production. Book to bill was 0.92, reflecting the timing of orders and shipments related to the previously mentioned Queensland project. Now on Slide 8. Engineered Systems had an outstanding quarter, where sales of $1 billion and earnings of $165 million were up 13% and 24%, respectively. Our Fluid Solutions platform revenue increased 7% to $227 million, benefiting from strong results in our pump markets. In all, Fluid Solutions had organic growth of 4%. In Refrigeration & Industrial, revenue grew 15% to $777 million, reflecting the Anthony acquisition and strong growth in the food equipment and environmental solutions markets. Organic revenue growth was also 4% in this platform. Excellent execution drove operating margin up 140 basis points to 16.5%, reflecting strong leverage on volume. Bookings were $998 million, an increase of 15%, driven by recent acquisitions. Overall, book to bill was 0.99. For our Fluid Solutions platform, bookings increased 5% to $213 million, and Refrigeration & Industrial increased 18% to $785 million. Book to bill for Fluid Solutions was as expected at 0.94, reflecting large project-related pump orders shipped. Refrigeration & Industrial's book to bill was 1.01. Now let's turn to Slide 9. Printing & Identification revenue was $251 million, essentially flat with the prior year. Earnings increased 24% to $36 million. Our fast-moving consumer goods market showed modest organic growth, which helped to mitigate softness in our industrial markets, particularly in our barcoding business. Of note, European revenue increased after 2 quarters of decline. Operating margin increased 280 basis points to 14.3%. The benefits of restructuring actions taken last year and the absence of those charges helped drive margin improvement. Bookings were $259 million, up 3% reflecting growth in our fast-moving consumer goods markets. Book to bill ended at 1.03, up slightly from last year. Now on Slide 10. Second quarter net interest expense was up slightly from last year at $30 million. Corporate expense increased $2 million, principally reflecting incurred spin off costs. Our second quarter tax rate was 7.3%, and included discrete tax benefits of $0.36 related to the finalization of various domestic tax audits. Our normalized rate was 26.7% for the quarter and is 27.2% year-to-date. Capital expenditures were $53 million. Lastly, we repurchased 758,000 shares for approximately $59 million in the quarter, all of which were repurchased under our $1 billion program. In total, we have repurchased $600 million and remain on pace to complete 70% to 80% of the program in 2013. Turning to Slide 11 and our 2013 revenue guidance. Our revenue guidance remains unchanged from our last earnings call. We expect full year revenue growth of 7% to 9%, with organic growth in the range of 3% to 5%. Completed acquisitions were at around 4%. Now moving on to Slide 12, which shows our full year guidance. As Bob mentioned earlier, we are revising our full year EPS guidance to reflect our solid second quarter results, the tax benefits and incurred spin off costs. We now expect full year EPS to be in the range of $5.56 to $5.71, as detailed on the reconciliation page of the presentation deck. As a quick review, we expect full year revenue growth of 7% to 9%. Corporate expense remains unchanged at $150 million. Interest expense will remain around $127 million. CapEx is now estimated to be about 3.1% of revenue. Our full year tax rate of 27% to 27.5% is slightly lower than the previous estimate due to mix of geographic earnings. Turning to the earnings bridge on Slide 13. 2012 adjusted EPS was $4.44. For the full year, the impact of volume and mix is largely unchanged at $0.31 to $0.44. Net productivity should be a key contributor and add $0.20 to $0.25, up from our last estimate on the benefits of restructuring. We expect completed acquisitions to be $0.13 to $0.15 accretive for the year, largely driven by Anthony. Investments and compensation will have a $0.16 to $0.23 impact for the year due to higher investment in international growth. Our ongoing share repurchase program, coupled with a slightly lower tax rate and offset in part by incremental interest expense, should have net benefit of $0.33 to $0.35. And as mentioned, incurred spin-off costs were $0.02, while discrete tax benefits provide $0.38 benefit. Based on the above, earnings per share from continuing operations is expected to be $5.56 to $5.71. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob for some final thoughts.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I mentioned earlier, I am very pleased with our second quarter performance as we delivered strong results in a low-growth macro-economy. We also continued our practice of returning cash to our shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs. I am committed to completing the $1 billion program by early next year and fully expect to continue our long-standing record of annual dividend increases. Our strong second quarter growth, solid book to bill and the positive trends across many of our businesses give me confidence in our second half growth and earnings forecast. I'm also very encouraged by the steps we have taken to strengthen our company. We continue to execute on numerous growth and productivity initiatives. I am pleased with our progress in investing for growth in emerging economies, which helped drive significant growth in those markets. Our second quarter organic growth and margin expansion reflects our success with product innovation and productivity programs. In addition, we have a robust acquisition pipeline, with targets that will complement and expand our already strong product and technology positions and further our efforts of geographic expansion. You should expect us to close several deals in the coming quarters. Also of significance, we believe the spinoff of Knowles will create substantial shareholder value and strength in both companies. When completed, I believe Dover will be a best-in-class diversified industrial company, with a strong growth and return profile, and Knowles will be positioned as a global technology and market leader in the communication technologies space. I am excited with Dover's long-term prospects as we continue to execute on the important initiatives ahead of us. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving our results. With that, Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. [Operator Instructions] And with that, Laurie, if we can have our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan of Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Bob, first on the consumer electronics performance here, so 27% in the first quarter, that was above the 15% to 20% you talked about. What do you attribute the outperformance to? And then you also didn't change the revenue guidance for the year for that segment. Are you more cautious on the second half, or is that just being conservative in terms of what you're planning for the second half given you outperformed in 2Q?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So you're asking 2 questions. One, the performance in the second quarter relative to the guidance we provided on the April call. And Shannon, I was -- my first comment would be, I was probably being somewhat conservative in my April comments just because we don't always know how the product stream is going to flow from one quarter to the next. It's not as easy to predict as it is in some of our other businesses. The guys had an outstanding second quarter. Third and fourth quarter, we do expect some significant growth sequentially second half over the first half. The driver of this growth is going to be new product releases. I think you picked up in my prepared comments that we look at these product launches from the OEMs being late third quarter and early fourth quarter. I'd like to think I'm also being somewhat conservative with our comments on the product launches and the outlook for the communication technologies space in the second half of the year, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just quickly on Energy. I mean, the international growth has been great. The margins were a little lower this quarter. I mean, could you talk about your sort of expectations, you talked about rig count up a little bit and sort of maybe profitability expectations going through the rest of the year?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. Second quarter margins down a little bit. My first comment would be to treat them -- treat that as a temporary blip. We did have some lower activity in Canada. Actually, it was quite a bit lower than we anticipated coming into the quarter. But the other thing that was -- I would label as temporary, we did have some elevated product development spending in the second quarter. It wasn't all constrained to the second quarter. But the second quarter spending in this product area was quite a bit higher than the first quarter or even what we'll see here in the third quarter. Margins for that segment were 24%, and maybe a fraction in the first half, Shannon. Margins for the year will be 24% for Energy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just the -- obviously, you referred to some of the factors that drove the bookings weakness in Energy Q-on-Q. But obviously that does impact probably the revenue outlook in 3Q. So I'm wondering as we look into the 3% to 5% core growth for the full year, is there more of a bias towards the lower end of that range at this stage, Bob?
Robert A. Livingston: No, absolutely not. In fact, your comment that our lower bookings in the second quarter, you said impact our revenue outlook for the third quarter, that's not true, Nigel. I think as Brad mentioned in his comments, we do see some of the international business activity, especially around production in Energy, most notably around production in Energy, as being a little bit lumpy, and it's not a steady drumbeat. And in fact, Brad mentioned that the Queensland order for our production group in Energy, we did not receive a second quarter order on that project. It did come in, in early July. And the size of this, Shannon, is -- or Nigel is, what is it, $70 million or $75 million?
Brad M. Cerepak: $75 million, yes. That won't all shift in the third quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. And as an example, that order is actually for product shipments in the late August through mid-first quarter timeframe of next year. Don't pencil this in at the low end of that range.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. $70 million order came in, in early July, okay.
Robert A. Livingston: I think it was actually the first week of July. Yes.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, okay. That's really helpful. And then switching to Comm Tech, you talked about Samsung several times, and I don't think I've ever heard you actually refer to an OEM customer on the call before. So I'm wondering if that's a signal...
Robert A. Livingston: That makes me [indiscernible] what I can refer to.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: But is that indicative that Samsung is now your biggest customer?
Robert A. Livingston: No. For the year, they will not be. No. It's fairly -- it's fairly -- it's a fairly close position between customer 1 and customer 2 for the year. They were rather significant for us in the second quarter. We actually have a very, very broad customer base, especially for our microfilm business, and it's growing for our speaker and receiver business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Barclays.
Robert A. Livingston: Scott, you'll have to speak up a little bit.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, sorry. Guys, can you -- you're one of the few companies that have said anything positive about China in a while. And can you reconcile how broad-based within your portfolio is the China recovery that you're seeing and the strength in the quarter?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So Scott, let me preface. Before I give you a response on the second quarter, let me preface this by saying I have shared both at Dover Day as well as a some of the conferences that we've been speaking at that over the last 4 or 5 years, we've actually served 2 key markets within China, one of them being the very, very significant export market for China, the export industry. And that's -- we're doing much less in that today than we did in the past. And our focus today is really -- I use the phrase supporting, servicing and touching the growing consumer class. And I would tell you as an opening statement, that's what you see in the second quarter. I think that's what you're going to see for the balance of the year is continued activity and growth around our various businesses that do support the growing consumer class. It's interesting to note all 4 segments had double-digit growth in China in the second quarter, from our consumer electronics business to our retail fueling activity to our auto business to Markem-Imaje and our Printing & Identification segment. It was -- well, again, I don't know how else to say it. It was rather broad-based.
Scott R. Davis - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Very fair. And just as a quick follow-up, I mean, you did 4 small deals in the quarter, I think, and then you talked fairly optimistically about some deals closing. Can you give us a sense of what types of businesses, even with what segments maybe they might fit into, and a sense of kind of average multiples? I mean, what -- higher than historical average, lower? I mean, just maybe a little bit of context to help us understand how the M&A went, I guess.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay, so multiples. First of all, I'm going to emphasize the word "small". I could have used the word "very small". I think in total, the revenue we acquired in the second quarter was around $45 million or $50 million, is that the right number? Annualized, I mean, so they're rather small. The question around valuation in multiples, may be actually a bit lower than our historic number over the last 4 or 5 years. And I think our historic number for the last 4 years has been 9 or 9.3, something like that, on our trailing EBITDA.
Brad M. Cerepak: [indiscernible] Yes, correct.
Robert A. Livingston: So a little bit lower than that. So we like the valuation on these deals. As I commented, they were all add-on, highly synergistic product expansions [ph]. One of them was a bit of a geographic extension for us. We had a couple of them within Engineered Systems, a small one in our pumps business, another one in environmental solutions group and a small one within Printing & Identification.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just following up maybe on that theme and just thinking about capital deployment. As Brad noted, I guess you're on track for the share repurchase for the year. But was there any particular reason you kind of stepped back in this quarter? The deals sound like they were small. Seems like you would have been able to actually do a lot more than you did.
Brad M. Cerepak: You're talking about the acquisitions, Jeff, or the share buyback?
Robert A. Livingston: No, I think the question was why was a share repurchase activity thin in the second quarter?
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Well, yes. I'm kind of wondering if there's maybe a big deal that didn't happen and therefore you didn't do share repurchase.
Robert A. Livingston: No, Jeff. Well, look. As I said, we're right on track with our share buyback, and we still have more to do this year, as I indicated in the prepared comments. Keep in mind, in the second quarter there was a period of time that we weren't in the market as we were nearing a point in the decision around our spin. So I think you'll see us be a little bit more aggressive in the second half than in the second quarter on that, Jeff.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: All right. That makes sense. And can you give us a little color on Anthony organically, as we think about that on a pro forma basis, how it grew in the quarter?
Robert A. Livingston: Organic. Now I actually don't have that data on what they did last year. We view Anthony as being very much on track with our acquisition model and the expectations we had for the year. Our close-the-case business at Anthony continues to, I will say, expand and execute quite well. The coordination between Anthony and the Hill PHOENIX team is proceeding extremely well, especially on the front end of the business and our sales and market activity and the channel management. We're quite happy with the acquisition.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, the only data point I would give you, Jeff, is that I don't have year-over-year either, but we're really pleased with the sequential growth we saw in Anthony. It is into the season, but 25% sequential growth into Q2. We'll see that continue to grow into Q3, and then obviously moderate with the seasonality in that business into Q4. But right on track where we expected it to be, both in terms of our revenue expectations and, importantly, our earnings expectations.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Great. And then just one last one on Samsung. So if we think about your sales for Samsung moving higher in the back half of the year, can you give us some sense, is that just their higher volume pulling you through? Are you still early in, kind of, an adoption curve with them on new products or increased content on existing products?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay, yes. Let me be very specific here. Samsung, year-over-year in the second half, will be up. I don't know what that percentage is, but it's rather significant. We will have very strong year-over-year growth. To put this in perspective, though, Jeff, on a sequential basis, we look at first half versus second half. Expectations from Samsung, modest growth in the second half over the first half. I think it may only be 10% growth in the second half over the first half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deane Dray of Citigroup.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: There was a discussion earlier on expectations for an increase in rig count, some of that seasonal. Can you quantify that and what the timing is and maybe the split between gas and oil?
Robert A. Livingston: Oh, gosh. I don't -- I'm not sure that the split between gas and oil has changed any over the last -- over the last -- over the last couple of quarters, Deane. I think the -- when you look at the total rig count that is deployed, gas rigs are down about 20%, and we don't see that changing here in the second half. As we move into the -- as we move into the second half of the year, I think we -- our plans, I think are calling for about a 3% sequential improvement book in North America rig count. Let me -- no, let me correct that. 3% sequential improvement in U.S. rig count second half over first half averages. So it's not -- it's not a big driver of our expectations, but we do see it improving slightly.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Is that a seasonal adjustment, would you say?
Robert A. Livingston: No. I'm not going to -- would see the seasonal adjustment in Canada. And it's -- that one tends to be a bit more significant, Deane. The rig count, the rig count in Canada in the second quarter typically drops about 70% from the first quarter, sequentially. And we saw that again in the second quarter, perhaps even a little bit more of a drop than we typically see. That will recover from the second quarter lows as we typically see it. And I think for the year, the second half will lead to an improvement over the first half. But again, it's because of just the seasonal downturn in Canada in the second quarter.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And you mentioned Canada, and we've seen some of the impact -- our discussion about the impact from flooding. How would you characterize that on your business and what kind of snapback recovery you're expecting?
Robert A. Livingston: I don't have an exact dollar impact with respect to revenue. But look, it's pretty safe to make the statement that in the last -- the last whatever it was, the 8 or 9 days of June, southern Alberta, there wasn't much business activity going on. That flooding was pretty severe. We do see it recovering. We do see a return to normal activity in the third quarter and the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a question on the Comm Tech stuff. So I guess in the back half of the year, to get to your guidance first half to second half, you need about $120 million in sequential increase?
Robert A. Livingston: I think that sounds about right. I don't have that exact number. It may be slightly high, but it sounds about right, yes.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And so if I assume the other businesses, they seem kind of flattish. I mean, are there any dynamics sequentially in the non-consumer electronics businesses that are moving around? They seem kind of flat and stable.
Robert A. Livingston: There will be some improvement in the non-acoustic businesses in the second half versus the first half. But the bulk of the sequential growth, Steve, is as you're inferring. It's going to come from consumer electronics.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. So 50% of the business is going to carry most of the load. And you said I think Samsung is up 10%. What is it? Are there that many launches from the other customers? And I guess if there are, are we looking at something other than the traditional handset stuff? Is there -- are there other things that are driving that in a material way? Assuming because Samsung up 10% is fine, but it's still below average of kind of what you need that consumer business to grow.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So even aside from product launches that I'll comment on here as my second comment, you do see some seasonal balance between second half and first half, especially in consumer electronics. The second half is always a little bit stronger than the first half. So we do expect that, and we will see that. When you look at product launches in the late third quarter going into the fourth quarter, that -- our participation in those product launches is rather significant and it's rather broad-based. And the increased revenue aside from a little bit of a seasonal pickup you get in the second half, the bulk of our increased revenue in the second half sequentially is coming from our participation in the new customers' product launches in late third quarter and fourth quarter.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, but it's handset focused. It's still the -- it's not like some new...
Robert A. Livingston: Almost all of it is handset focused.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So the other business outside of Samsung is growing a lot faster than Samsung. You've got -- the Samsung stuff was really the lift in this quarter that you called out.
Robert A. Livingston: Correct.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick one on Engineered. Very good quarter, much stronger than I was expecting.
Robert A. Livingston: It had a great quarter, Steve.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, absolutely phenomenal. I guess, you mentioned the [indiscernible] stuff. I guess you called that out a bit in the 10-Q. But it's interesting that the core -- it seems like the core Hill PHOENIX business, what was that up? Because you were still kind of anniversary-ing the Target headwinds, so that's even more impressive in the face of that. Just curious, what your organic -- I guess, just bottom line what was your organic at Hill PHOENIX? I can kind of back into the rest.
Robert A. Livingston: I think organic at Hill PHOENIX was 4% or 5%.
Brad M. Cerepak: 5%.
Robert A. Livingston: 5%.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wow. And that includes the Target headwind that you expected?
Brad M. Cerepak: It was more in the first quarter than in the second, but there was headwind there, yes.
Robert A. Livingston: And we called this out on the April call. The real headwind we were feeling at Target was much more noticeable in the first quarter. We still dealt with it in the second quarter, but it was reduced.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So Bob, could you give a little more color around your comments on long-cycle pump business strength? What geographies or verticals are actually showing improvement? And I'm just curious what the trajectory is.
Robert A. Livingston: Actually, it would have probably been more helpful if I had mentioned the actual business instead of --. But there is -- our primary business within pumps that is the longer-cycle is Maag Pump, the acquisition we made 15 months ago, I guess. It's not the only one, but that's where we see the primary long-cycle activity is within Maag.
Brad M. Cerepak: And that's where we had the deferred shipment from the first quarter.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. And John, we did call out on the April call that part of our weakness in the first quarter in fluids was a deferral by a customer of a scheduled first quarter shipment into the second quarter. That was part of the growth in the second quarter. But beyond that, the guys -- we have very, very strong activity in the second quarter within our pumps business.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And is there Bob, the other part of my question, was there a vertical application that seems to be picking up? Because companies that have been serving the fluids industry have been talking about projects being pushed to the right. I'm just wondering if maybe you're starting to see some of these projects perhaps get kind of put back on the books here or something like that.
Robert A. Livingston: It wasn't just one vertical. But if I did -- if I did mention one vertical that was important, it is the plastics vertical.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's plastics. Okay, that's helpful. I want to ask about Knowles. I mean, Knowles really is doing so well. If you were to keep the business next year, I mean our back of the envelope says it might contribute 80-plus cents to your earnings. So my question is how are you thinking about the prospects of maybe stepping up share repurchase or acquisitions? I mean, you obviously called out the very strong pipeline to prospectively replace some of that. What are your thoughts there, Bob?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, your comment was if we were to keep Knowles, let me repeat my previous comment. Our progress on seeing a first quarter spin-off transaction is progressing very well, John. And yes, they had an outstanding quarter. If you annualize it, you get a pretty impressive number for next year, and I think they will have a pretty impressive 2014. We are working through our acquisition program across the group in Dover to pursue the deals that make sense for us and to pursue the deals that have the right valuation for us. We'll see how that rolls out over the next 2 or 3 or 4 quarters. With respect to additional share repurchases, all I'm going to do is repeat the comment that I made and that Brad made. We're on track for being at about 70% to 80% of the $1 billion authorization by year end. Any other comments beyond, that I would defer to a later date or a later call.
Brad M. Cerepak: The only other thing I would add is in addition to looking at acquisitions across the portfolio of Dover, we are, as you noticed in the quarter, stepping up our investments internationally because we see great opportunity for us. And as Bob said, the broad-based growth in China has a lot to do with that.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. That makes a lot of sense. Just lastly, electronic assembly and test, do you still expect those businesses -- I mean, Intel kind of had some weak numbers. I mean, do you expect those businesses still to kind of be on track for something out of the portfolio?
Robert A. Livingston: We're running a process. And I think we -- as I've been saying for the last 3 months or 4 months, I think you'll see us make an announcement here in the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Crédit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just had a question around the net benefits of productivity. I mean, you pushed that up in your sort of EPS bridge to $0.20 to $0.25 from $0.12 to $0.22. Was that sort of largely a function of the extra Comm Tech restructuring? Or is it was really just in Printing & ID or how you're thinking about that? And I guess related to that point on Printing & and ID, you've got a very, very big margin jump in Q2 off flat sales. You had a high margin base in the second half of '12. Do you think your second half of '13 margins can be above that 16% rate last year?
Brad M. Cerepak: Okay. There's a lot of questions in there. But as I said in my comments, the increase in productivity is specifically due to the restructuring benefits. When we entered -- if I back up for a second, when we entered the year, in our earlier guide, we were expecting to spend in the order of magnitude of $12 million to -- let's call it $12 million to $15 million of restructuring. We are now looking at a number of $20 million to $25 million, of which a lot of that was already executed in the first half. A lot of that actually executed within DCT. And so the benefits we're seeing coming through in the second half have a lot to do with the amount we've spent in DCT to take out costs. You'll see it in the margin expansion in the second half, when we said it would be substantially up. And so that's what you're seeing on the bridge.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. Your other question, Julian, was around Printing & Identification?
Brad M. Cerepak: Right.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, I think if you're trying to build your model, and I know that's what you're trying to do, I would feel pretty comfortable using margins in the second half for this segment, second half of '13, to be rather similar to what they were in the second half of '12.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then just a follow-up would be around U.S. kind of short-cycle industrial demand. I think you've made 1 or 2 comments that, that did look better, particularly, I guess stuff related to the automotive supply chain perhaps. Could you elaborate a little bit?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, and don't -- we call it auto related and it's not so much -- it's not so much the auto supply chain for building vehicles and light trucks here in North America. But it's really a comment around our lift business within vehicle service group. The activity there remained rather robust. Other short-cycle activity here in the U.S., we commented on Hill PHOENIX. Even within environmental solutions group, specifically our refuse truck business, had a very strong second quarter, both on revenue and bookings. We see them having a fairly solid performance in the second half. We obviously aren't seeing the growth in U.S. in North America that we are experiencing and winning in China or other emerging economies. But we do forecast modest growth here in the U.S. market in the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charley Brady of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you just talk a little bit about sort of raw material costs? How is that looking -- we've heard from some companies that it's coming in maybe a little bit better than what are currently in current budgets. Can you speak to that effect or what it's having across the business segments?
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, I would echo that. I would say we are seeing it a little bit better. It's not dramatic. But from where we were earlier in the year, I would say it's improved -- improved quite a bit in the area of steel. But it's not big enough really to call out and say it's helped driving us into the second half.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And just in terms of the Energy segment, the impact of the Canadian -- the softness, I guess, in which you said -- you sound as though that's kind of rectified itself going into Q3. First of all, is that correct? Did I hear you correctly on that?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, that's correct.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then so I guess, can you quantify kind of what the impact was in Q2? And is it all -- has anything shifted outside of '13 or has it just kind of moved a little bit to the right?
Robert A. Livingston: I'm not aware of anything that has shifted out of '13. It's all moved to the right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones of Stifel.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I would like to just go back to Europe for a second. You commented in your remarks, Bob, that Europe was flat in the second quarter. Is that a kind of better performance than you've seen recently? And can you comment on which markets were better and which markets were worse, and if you think you might have seen an inflection point there?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I don't -- I'm reluctant to call an inflection point. It was better activity for us in the second quarter than we saw in the first quarter and in the fourth quarter. The businesses that you're asking for a little bit color on what was up and what was down, it is interesting, I think for the first time in 3 quarters or 3 or 4 quarters, Brad, Markem-Imaje was actually up in Europe in the second quarter. It was modest, but I think they were up maybe 3% or 4%, 3% in Europe in the second quarter. Our pump business may have been up slightly. But even with -- it's interesting that even within our pump business, you'll see some brands serving some verticals that were up and you'll see some brands that serve different verticals that were down again. The business that probably struggled the most in Europe in the second quarter was our heat exchanger business. I don't remember now how much they were down, but it's 5%, 6%, 7% down?
Brad M. Cerepak: Right.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if we could -- if I could just talk about Anthony for a minute. I mean, obviously, the Engineered Systems segment had a great second quarter margin performance. I'm wondering if you could give us any color on how Anthony contributed to that improvement and whether Anthony's progressing faster from either a cost-out standpoint or a revenue synergy with Hill PHOENIX standpoint than you had anticipated when you bought it?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So I would say that, your question is, did Anthony contribute to our margin performance. That's the question?
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, potentially more than you had expected it to.
Brad M. Cerepak: No, it's right -- I would say it's right on track year-to-date and in the quarter. Keep in mind, we do have pretty substantial AD&A or amortizations on that business acquisition. So I would say all in, with amortization, it's below the margin.
Robert A. Livingston: It's a drag on margins.
Brad M. Cerepak: It's drag on margins. But if I took out that AD&A, we're really, really pleased with -- I'm not going to go and tell you what the margin is for Anthony. But let's just say it's not an operational drag.
Robert A. Livingston: It's not -- yes.
Nathan Jones - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And if I could just get to one clarification question in, Bob. You said that you expect Energy margins for the year to be 24%. Is that right, which would mean they're down year-over-year in the second half?
Robert A. Livingston: 24% and a small fraction. I think it was -- it would be a good number to look at.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mig Dobre of Robert W. Baird.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'd like to go back to Hill PHOENIX, if we can. Very good performance there, as you already talked about. But I'm wondering, can you talk a little bit about the drivers? Is it some share gains? Is it that the market is perhaps behaving better than some of us have anticipated? How should we think about that?
Robert A. Livingston: No, I wouldn't label this as share gains. I wouldn't label it as a stronger U.S. or North American market. I would bring a lot of attention on Hill PHOENIX comment to their continuing efforts to grow their business outside of North America. They've been working on this for, oh, goodness, a couple of years now. We're seeing the benefits of that, a little bit in the latter part of last year. We see some real benefits here in the second quarter. We think we'll see even more benefits in the third quarter. But don't label this as share gain and don't label this as a stronger-than-anticipated North America market. It's our international activity.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And I guess last one for me would be on Print & ID. Maybe can you talk broadly about the growth opportunities in this segment going forward? And how do you think about maybe your opportunity to deploy capital here?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So growth activities opportunities, I guess my first comment would be with respect to a geographic opportunity. And we still see plenty of opportunities for this business in emerging economies. I commented earlier that all 4 of our segments had double-digit revenue growth in China in the second quarter. Markem-Imaje was part of that success in the second quarter, with double-digit growth rates. We would expect to see that continue for the balance of the year. They had an outstanding growth profile in Latin America and India. And then on top of that, we still see the U.S. market as a growth opportunity for Markem-Imaje. And the second part of your question was capital allocation. We made one small add-on acquisition. And here again, I'll use -- I will use the word "very small" add-on acquisition in the second quarter. But within our pipeline, we have another -- oh, I don't know, 2 or 3 opportunities that we're looking at and chasing. We'll see how they evolve and conclude here over the next couple of quarters. It is an area that we would like to deploy some more capital.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Are those opportunities still fairly small or are you looking at something larger?
Robert A. Livingston: They're small but perhaps larger than what we did in the second quarter.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Laurie. This concludes our conference call. With that, we thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's Second Quarter 2013 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-17 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg - Vice President of Investor Relations Robert A. Livingston - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the First Quarter 2013 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thank you, Laurie. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's first quarter earnings call. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's first quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the remainder of the year. We will then open up the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 1, and the audio portion of this call is archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is (800) 585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code: 32076262. And before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. With that, I'd like turn the call over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Our first quarter results were quite solid and in line with our expectations, driven by the production and downstream markets in energy, growth in consumer electronics and the performance of our recent acquisitions. We were also pleased with the level of seasonally strong bookings as we move into the second quarter. From a geographic point of view, our North American markets continue to be very solid, and our China markets remained positive. Our industrial markets in Europe were soft but did show signs of improvement in selected end markets as we ended the quarter. Though still modest, I am pleased our growth in the Middle East and Australia continues at a very healthy pace. We see many positives as we start the second quarter and are excited about our prospects. The production and downstream markets within energy as well as the consumer electronics, refrigeration and food equipment and commercial aerospace markets, should all be solid as evidenced by our strong bookings. We are also quite pleased with the performance of our recent acquisitions, which helped drive acquisition growth of 6%. With respect to our Anthony acquisition, our integration and synergy plans are ahead of schedule. We continued to execute on our previously announced share repurchase program. During the quarter, we repurchased 4 million shares for approximately $290 million. Overall, I am pleased with our results. Bookings growth of 7% and a book to bill of 1.09 gives us confidence going into the second quarter and for the remainder of the year. For the year, organic growth will be driven by new OEM product releases in the consumer electronics markets, continued strength in production and downstream energy and a recovering rig count, seasonal strength in refrigeration and our expansion initiatives in fluids with a focus on plastics and chemical verticals. Now some specific comments on our first quarter. We posted revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 4%. And our adjusted EPS of $1.10 was a 9% improvement over the prior year. In our Energy segment, increased production activity, especially international markets, and continuing strength in downstream and retail fueling are among the trends that drove solid results. We expect the rig count to continue to improve through the year and drive a higher rate of growth in the segment. At Communication Technologies, our consumer electronics revenue growth continues to be driven by new product launches. We expect the second quarter revenue within consumer electronics to show strong sequential growth and will accelerate in a very active second half. Within our Engineered Systems segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets remained solid, and our business performance was again strong. Regarding our fluids markets, results were impacted by some customer push-outs into the second quarter, but we remain well positioned as evidenced by their 1.1 book to bill. Our industrial end markets were mixed, with good results in our global auto-related markets. Within our Printing & Identification segment, a continued weak European economy and a soft barcode printing business resulted in an organic revenue decline. Our fast-moving consumer goods market continues to outperform our industrial markets in all geographies. We expect our revenue to improve as new laser equipment gains traction and we execute on a customer expansion campaign. Though we didn't close on any transactions in the first quarter, our acquisition pipeline remains active. You should expect us to continue to strengthen our company with additional deals this year. Our outlook for the year is largely unchanged from our last earnings call. We are reaffirming our previous guidance and expect to deliver full year EPS of $5.05 to $5.35. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad M. Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on Slide 3 of the presentation deck. Today, we reported fourth quarter revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 4% over the prior year. Organic revenue declined 1%, while growth from acquisitions was 6%. The impact from FX was minor. Earnings per share were $1.12, a 12% improvement. Adjusting for $0.02 of discrete tax benefits, adjusted EPS was $1.10. Segment margin for the quarter was 16.2%, down 50 basis points. This result was significantly impacted by higher costs associated with restructuring initiatives and other onetime charges. In the first quarter, these costs were more than $11 million, with roughly $7 million being incremental over the prior year period, impacting margin 30 basis points. Bookings increased 7% over the prior year to $2.2 billion. These results represent strong 9% growth in both Communication Technologies and Engineered Systems. Energy had bookings growth of 6%, while bookings declined 5% in Printing & Identification. Overall, book to bill finished at a strong 1.09, which is in line with seasonal trends and slightly better than last year. Backlog remained steady at $1.6 billion. In the quarter, we generated $31 million of free cash flow. The first quarter is always the slowest for cash generation due to seasonal increases in working capital and compensation-related payments. Our full year forecast for free cash flow remains unchanged at 10% of revenue. Cash flow generation continues to be a key focus area for us. Now turning to Slide 4. Communication Technologies, driven by consumer electronics, grew 4% over the prior year. Energy's organic growth was essentially flat, although our production and downstream markets growth was strong. A decline of 1% in Printing & Identification was the result of a soft European industrial market. Lastly, Engineered Systems declined by 5% due to tough comps in refrigeration, largely reflecting the non-repeating Target business. Turning to Slide 5 and our sequential results. Revenue increased 1% from the fourth quarter. Engineered Systems increased 6%, primarily driven by acquisition revenue growth. Solid production activity, including a small acquisition, helped drive a 4% increase in Energy. Printing & Identification decreased 6%, largely the result of normal seasonality, project affirmance and a soft European industrial market. And normal seasonality in the consumer electronics market was the primary factor for Communication Technologies' decrease of 7%. Bookings were up 12% sequentially. We achieved growth in 3 of our 4 segments. Engineered Systems grew 20%, principally driven by its refrigeration and fluid markets. Energy grew 13%, with strong growth across all end markets, including drilling. Communication Technologies' bookings increased 4% sequentially on the strength of OEM product launches. The continued softness in the industrial markets caused Printing & Identification bookings to decline 6%. Now on Slide 6. Communication Technologies posted revenue of $373 million, an increase of 4% from the prior year. These results reflect normal seasonality in consumer electronics. Medical technology was solid, while our aerospace/defense and telecom/other markets were largely stable year-over-year. Earnings decreased 5% to $44 million, and segment margin was down 110 basis points to 11.9%. This performance largely reflects OEM customer mix within consumer electronics and approximately $7 million of incremental restructuring costs and legal expenses. The legal expense resulted in a favorable outcome to a long-running MEMS intellectual property dispute. The restructuring costs included cost reduction activities in our speaker and receiver business recently undertaken by our new management team. Absent these charges, margins would have been 14%, an increase of 60 basis points over an adjusted prior period. We'll continue to look for additional restructuring opportunities within this segment to drive further cost reductions and integration. Bookings were $379 million, up 9% from last year, largely reflecting normal seasonality. Book to bill finished at a solid 1.02. Turning to Slide 7. Energy revenue of $561 million and earnings of $140 million both grew 6%. Energy produced another solid quarter as oil prices remained supportive of continued production activity and downstream markets continued to expand. And as expected, North America rig count declined year-over-year, impacting our drilling business. Whereas our continued focus on global market expansion allow us to post another quarter of solid revenue growth in both production and downstream, we are pleased that international revenue in developing markets increased more than 50% year-over-year in the quarter. Our operating margin of 24.9% was flat with last year and reflects strong execution and an ongoing focus on productivity. Bookings were $621 million, a 6% increase over the prior year. Book to bill was very strong at 1.11. Moving to Slide 8. At Engineered Systems, sales were $868 million, an increase of 6% year-over-year. Earnings declined 4% to $117 million. Our Fluid Solutions platform grew revenue 13% to $204 million, benefiting from acquisitions completed in the prior year. Fluid Solutions' organic revenue was flat, with solid results in North America offset by continued softness in Europe and the timing of orders into the second quarter. In Refrigeration & Industrial, revenue grew 3% to $664 million, reflecting the Anthony acquisition. Organic revenue declined 6%, largely reflecting the anticipated lower volume at Target. Operating margin was 13.5%, a 140 basis point decrease from the prior year. This decline largely reflects the impact of the Anthony acquisition. Bookings were $978 million, an increase of 9%, resulting in a seasonally strong book to bill of 1.13. Our Fluid Solutions platform bookings increased 21% to $224 million, and Refrigeration & Industrial increased 6% to $755 million. Book to bill for Fluid Solutions was 1.1 -- 1.10, while Refrigeration & Industrials was 1.14. Now let's turn to Slide 9. Printing & Identification's revenue was $238 million, a decrease of 2% from the prior year. Earnings increased 14% to $30 million. Our fast-moving consumer goods markets remained solid and helped to partially mitigate softness in our industrial markets, especially in Europe. Operating margin improved 180 basis points to 12.5%. The benefits of prior restructuring, continued productivity and a favorable product mix helped drive margin improvement. Bookings were $237 million, down 5% from last year, reflecting continued soft industrial markets. Book to bill ended at 1, largely consistent with last year. Moving to Slide 10. First quarter net interest expense was essentially flat with last year at $30 million. Corporate expense decreased by $3 million year-over-year. Our tax rate was 26.1% and included discrete tax benefits of $0.02. Adjusting for these benefits, our normalized rate of 27.8% was in line with our expectations. Capital expenditures were $47 million in the quarter. Lastly, we repurchased 4 million shares for approximately $290 million in the quarter, all of which were repurchased under our $1 billion program. We have now repurchased $540 million in total, and we expect to complete 70% to 80% of the program in 2013. Turning to Slide 11 and our 2013 revenue guidance. Our revenue guidance in total remains unchanged from our last call. We expect full year revenue growth of 7% to 9%. Organic growth is estimated to be 3% to 5% for the full year, with a reduced estimate for our Printing & Identification segment. We now expect their organic growth to be in the range of 1% to 2%, down about 1.5 points due to lower industrial end markets. Completed acquisitions will add around 4%. Now on Slide 12. As Bob mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our full year EPS guidance. Again, we expect full year revenue growth of 7% to 9%. Corporate expense remains unchanged at $150 million. Interest expense will now be around $127 million, and CapEx should be about 3.4% of revenue. We expect our 2013 tax rate to be in the range of 27.5% to 28%. Turning to the earnings bridge on Slide 13. 2012 adjusted EPS was $4.44. For the full year, our bridge remains essentially unchanged from our prior guidance. The impact of volume and mix is $0.28 to $0.46. Net productivity should add $0.12 to $0.22. We expect completed acquisitions to be $0.13 to $0.16 accretive for the year, largely driven by Anthony. Investment and compensation will have a $0.12 to $0.18 impact for the year. Corporate expense will have a $0.05 impact on higher pension expense. Lastly, our ongoing share repurchase program, coupled with the tax rate and offset in part by incremental interest expense, should have a net benefit of $0.25 to $0.30. Based on the above, earnings per share from continuing operations is expected to be $5.05 to $5.35, representing 17% growth at the midpoint. With that, I'll turn it back over to Bob for some final thoughts.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I mentioned earlier, I am pleased with our first quarter performance as we delivered solid results. We ended the quarter with a strong book to bill of 1.09, which bodes well as we begin the second quarter. Looking forward, I remain confident in the positions we hold in our key growth spaces. For instance, the acquisition of Anthony and our leadership in the retail refrigeration market provides us with opportunities to continue the momentum we've exhibited the last several years. Leveraging our broad product offerings, leading technology and geographic reach, we expect to generate significant revenue growth. Our close-the-case offering is gaining traction in several international markets due to retailers' concerns with higher energy costs and food safety. Of note, we booked sizable orders in Mexico, Brazil and India since the year began. We see this dynamic extending across all geographies over the course of the next 5 years. Communication Technologies will continue to grow as consumer demand for better audio products in their mobile devices remains a driving force. One OEM has already begun ramping for a new product release. We also expect several additional new OEM product launches as the year unfolds. Many of these new launches utilize 3 microphones, and even 4 when counting the headset. This trend of more content, along with secular growth in the smartphone market, will continue to drive this segment's growth. Global expansion opportunities in production and downstream have and will continue to fuel Energy's growth. Our global growth plans, along with the anticipated recovery in drilling, will result in solid revenue growth for the full year. Artificial lift products and services will drive over $60 million in incremental sales in Australia and the Middle East in 2013, and we continue to pursue internal initiatives and acquisitions to build upon this momentum. And lastly, fluids will increase revenue nicely as we continue to leverage our global distribution channels and bring our leading technology to new markets and verticals, especially the plastics and chemical markets. Our recently acquired Maag business saw tremendous success in capturing customer projects in the first quarter. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for their continued focus on serving our customers and driving results. With that, Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. [Operator Instructions] And Laurie, if you can compile the questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Crédit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I guess the first question was just on...
Robert A. Livingston: Julian, this is Bob. You'll have to speak up a bit.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sorry about that. Is this better?
Robert A. Livingston: I can barely hear you. Okay. Go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. So I guess, yes, the first question is really on the outlook for organic sales growth. Yes, it was minus 1% in Q1. I think the organic bookings growth year-on-year in Q1 was around plus 1 or plus 2. So assuming you get plus 1% or 2% core growth in Q2 to hit 3% to 5% for the full year, you've got to be doing 6% to 10% in the second half. And I just wondered, what are the 1 or 2 things that have happened the last couple of months that give you ongoing confidence in that acceleration? Or is it the case that your Q2 number, you have more of an acceleration than I think?
Robert A. Livingston: No, I think your waterfall for the year on organic growth is pretty close to what we're looking at, Julian. I guess my first comment and response would be a comment on the first quarter and our organic growth of a negative 1%. Actually, I would look or point out 3 -- make 3 specific points on the first quarter. Europe for Dover was down 2% year-over-year. That was a little weaker than we expected coming into the quarter. Our Target business at Hill PHOENIX was down year-over-year as expected, about $23 million, $24 million. That's about a 1% negative decline for all of Dover. And our drilling business in the first quarter was down 9%. As we exit the quarter, again, I commented on this, a book to bill of 1.09. Very solid, very strong as we exit the quarter. And I would also say here in the early part of the second quarter, we see some improvement in Europe. The March and April activity show this. Our second and third quarter is shaping up to be a quite strong period for Hill PHOENIX and Anthony. Our acoustics business will be up in the second quarter. Not only up sequentially, Julian, but I think if we look at it year-over-year, the acoustics business, our handset business is going to be up year-over-year mid-teens to almost 20%. And we expect some strong growth, organic growth, in the second quarter from fluids just based upon the backlog we have coming into the quarter. So we -- if I were to give you a specific response on the second quarter, we've guided for the year of organic growth of 3% to 5%. The second quarter should be right in that range, and the balance of the growth obviously is in the second half of the year.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just my follow-up question. In the Energy business, the margin performance was very, very good in Q1. I just wondered if there was anything abnormal in terms of a mixed tailwind or something that helped you that may flip back again in Q2.
Robert A. Livingston: No. Well -- no. There wasn't anything unusual in the first quarter. But when you say the flip in Q2 or for the balance of the year, the -- I guess the variable that we are monitoring pretty closely is the rig count. And we do expect the rig count to continue to improve through the balance of the year. That will have -- that direction of change does have a little bit of bearing on the margins on Energy. But we expect a fairly solid year from Energy for 2013.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, I would just add the execution in energy was really very, very strong in the first...
Robert A. Livingston: Superb.
Brad M. Cerepak: In the first quarter through productivity and cost initiatives. Because as you know, the drilling business is some of our higher-margin businesses. So the mix naturally wants the mix mixed down on the margin a bit, and the team really did a great job in the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Sullivan of RBC Capital Markets.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Wondering if you could talk a little bit on Comm Tech, just the mix effect on margins. You mentioned some of the shifting around with OEMs and how that kind of progresses into margins throughout the year and also what the -- you talked about some sequential improvement in 2Q. There's been -- an Apple supplier last night talked about some noise around weakness into 2Q related to the supply chain. So just wondered if you could touch on those topics.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. Well, your first question was about margins in the first quarter and the outlook for the year. We do expect margins to continue to improve at Comm Tech as the year unfolds. I would say that the second quarter activity within Comm Tech, and especially within consumer electronics, is very focused on solidifying our design wins, some new design activity and some -- a very, very strong focus on operational management to be prepared for a rather active second half of the year in consumer electronics with several new OEM product launches. Specific to the first quarter margins, Brad, you're going to have to chime in here. But our restructuring and our legal cost I think did weigh on our margins. But I think if you back that out, they were either similar to or slightly above our operating margins of last year. I actually think we had a very strong execution quarter at Comm Tech in the first quarter.
Jamie Sullivan - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Sure. And then just quickly on fluids, you mentioned some shipments pushed to 2Q. Just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about that and maybe some of the -- how maybe Maag is doing and how that business is growing right now.
Robert A. Livingston: I think maybe all of the push-outs we saw late in the quarter, into the second quarter, were related to Maag and some European customers. That happens. I mean, it was unfortunate, but we do see that on occasion in that business. They are pushed into the second quarter. We had very strong bookings within our fluids business, especially within pumps in the first quarter. And we're looking for a fairly solid performance from the group in the second quarter. I think their organic growth expectations in the second quarter year-over-year are mid-single digits. Maag is doing great. We've been very pleased with this acquisition. It does give us the opportunity to address some different customers and some new verticals. I've mentioned this in my prepared comments, especially chemicals and plastics. But we've been quite pleased with this acquisition.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan of Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Bob, can you maybe just fill out a little more color on some of these OEM design wins you're talking about? I mean, I know they're -- it's not all reflected in your bookings in the quarter, but you sound like you have some visibility into the second half here. Can you just fill that out a little bit in terms of what you can see at this point?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, we've had a -- we've been participating in a new OEM design launch that's occurred here in the last few weeks. We are not -- if there's anything -- I don't think there's anything major or significant that we're looking at from an OEM product launch in the second quarter. The bulk of the activity for new OEM product launches is in the second half of the year and, I'd say, more specifically, the third quarter. We have some visibility to those product launches. We'll have greater visibility as we exit the second quarter. And Shannon, I would say that as we work through the second quarter, what we want to get a little bit firmer on is the exact timing of the product launches and the share content we'll have on those product launches. And then I think by the time we get through or end the second quarter, we'll have much, much better visibility on those 2 variables than we have today.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And you sound pretty pleased with the operating performance of the business in the quarter. I mean, what is that -- where does that put Sound Solutions at this point in terms of profitability and yields and what you think you have left to do there?
Robert A. Livingston: Yield improvement continued to be executed on quite well during the quarter. I'm also pleased to share with everyone that they did a great job in rebuilding a share position with several customers during the first quarter. We think that will continue during the second quarter. Revenue was slightly less than we anticipated, even with our share gains, Shannon. We did see with one specific OEM some reduced, I'll call it, production builds late in the quarter. We've got that reflected in our outlook for the second quarter. But I know I'm repeating myself. The game plan for the second quarter is truly to be prepared for a very strong acceleration in product demand from several OEMs in the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just following up on Shannon's last question on Sound Solutions, last quarter, I believe you mentioned we were expecting about $0.13 to $0.18 in incremental EPS from Sound Solutions for '13. Are we still on track?
Robert A. Livingston: Well we've taken some self-imposed headwinds on that one, Joe. We took some restructuring charges in the first quarter. We're going to take some additional restructuring charges in the second quarter. And as we get through the second quarter, we'll have an outlook for what additional cost reduction activities we'll have on the table for the second half of the year. The yield improvement, the gross margin improvement, the execution with our customers is improving. And I would say that the first quarter performance came in very, very close to our expectations.
Joseph Ritchie - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And as you kind of progress through the rest of the year on Sound Solutions, is the goal then to get to profitability by 3Q with some of the product launches that you're seeing in the back half of the year and exiting the year with positive operating margins?
Brad M. Cerepak: That's still the same.
Robert A. Livingston: That still the same. In fact, the more definitive plan I would tell you is exiting the year with a fourth quarter run rate of double-digit operating margins on a performance basis, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Bob, just a little bit more on Comm Tech, if you could. You used the word, "solidify" a couple times. Just unclear, have you actually won this new business or not and it's just a question of kind of timing of volume ramp? Or is there still...
Robert A. Livingston: Designs have been approved by the OEMs, and we have won the business. What we don't know sitting here today, Jeff, is the exact date of the OEM product launches in the third quarter. We have a pretty good idea of what our share content will be. But I think by the time we get to the end of the second quarter, we will have a definitive answer on that share content. But the design wins are bought.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And we should think of this stuff going through the Vienna plant?
Robert A. Livingston: No, it's both. Both Vienna as well as Beijing.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And then just one...
Brad M. Cerepak: [indiscernible] Knowles.
Robert A. Livingston: [indiscernible] And the Knowles facility, yes.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And Knowles. Okay.
Robert A. Livingston: It's not just [indiscernible].
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: And just on Anthony, the margin impact you're talking about, was that simply just mix effect? I assume it's not. I'm just -- can you just give us how much purchase accounting and other noise might have been in there?
Brad M. Cerepak: Sure. What we said was that -- if you recall, we said that Anthony would start the year -- I think we said it would be fairly neutral in the first quarter. We actually were a little bit better than that, Jeff. They were positive earnings in the quarter even after covering amortization and acquisition-related costs. So they were better than we expected, but at a low rate because it is not their most significant quarter. They build into the second and third quarter, just like Hill PHOENIX does, and we still believe we're right on track. In fact, maybe just a bit ahead on Anthony given the first quarter. But simply, the math of volume with very little accretion on the EBIT line impacts the margin mechanically.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just digging into Engineered a little bit more. So the Target had -- when you said it was around $25 million, I think, Anthony...
Brad M. Cerepak: No, I think that's $24 million.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: $24 million?
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. We'll take $24 million. And then on the Anthony deal, around $70 million in revenues for Anthony?
Brad M. Cerepak: Or lower.
Robert A. Livingston: For the first quarter? No. It was less than that. I want to say it was $60 million or low 60s.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, low 60s. Got you. So the -- x Target and x Anthony, the business was basically flattish?
Robert A. Livingston: X Target...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: For refrigeration and food. Revenues went up $30 million.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I would -- I don't have that math. I would say...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well revenues for refrigeration and food went up $30 million.
Robert A. Livingston: I would say they've been slightly negative in their first quarter, even pulling Target out. And when I say slightly negative, excluding Target, it may have been -- revenue at Hill PHOENIX may have been down less than $10 million -- maybe $10 million. Maybe at [indiscernible] in the first quarter. But I would label that as timing.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's just timing. So what -- I recall in the third quarter, 10-Q from last year, you guys still talked about remodels from retailers. I don't know if that was Walmart or Target. When does the -- just remind us when the Target comp rolls off.
Robert A. Livingston: The Target comp rolls off -- so last year, we had a very strong first half of 2012. But I think the delta on the first half, Steve, on Target, first half of '13 versus first half of '12 with respect to Target, it's down about $45 million.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So it gets much better in the third and the fourth quarter. So that's a part of that kind of a...
Robert A. Livingston: I would tell you right now, because we -- we don't make the decisions, the customer does. But our planning right now would be that our activity in the second half of the year with Target would be about flat with the second half of last year.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then one just quick question. Your commercial paper went from like minimal to $600 million at the end of the year, and then it went up another $100 million in the quarter. I assume that's just timing because of your free cash flow. How should we expect that balance to kind of move throughout the course of the year?
Brad M. Cerepak: I would expect to see as we pace through the year, as our cash flow improves -- the first quarter is our lowest because we're building inventory for the cycle on Hill PHOENIX and Anthony -- that we will continue to see that commercial paper come down. The increase in the commercial paper in the quarter though, is directly related to us executing on our buyback.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then one last -- one really quick one. What were the Sound Solutions revs in the quarter? Was it around $65 million? Is that right?
Robert A. Livingston: No. I don't -- $5 million, $7 million higher than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just going back to the organic growth cadence, just want to clarify. Did you endorse the 1% to 2% range for second quarter?
Robert A. Livingston: I -- repeat that, Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. So you gave some color on organic growth in 2Q in second half. Did you endorse that range, 1% to 2%?
Brad M. Cerepak: For the second quarter? No. I think what Bob said was we have an expectation of 3% to 5% organic for the year. Well we don't give guidance in the second quarter. Given the strong book to bill, you look back a year coming off of first quarter book to bill of 1.09, we should be with -- well within that range for the second quarter of the full year range. I know that sounds convoluted, but we're going to see growth in the second quarter higher than that 1% to 2%.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. No, I was just clarifying because I'm getting 3% to 4%. So actually, that makes sense.
Robert A. Livingston: I happen to like your number, Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's good. And then on the EPS phasing, you gave some color on 1Q. And 2Q, you normally make somewhere between 26% to 27% of full year. Do you still think you'll be in that range for 2Q?
Robert A. Livingston: I don't have that waterfall with me.
Brad M. Cerepak: I'm going to say we're not going to really comment on that. We don’t give quarterly guidance. I give you the top and I give you the bottom, and then we're in quarterly guidance mode. So I think you can look at our history, and we gave some color on the first quarter because it was a little bit different given the seasonality we were seeing on our business and the impact of Target and rigs. But beyond that, we're not really going to provide that kind of color going forward.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: No, that's fair enough. And then just taking a step back, since the last earnings call in January, what are you -- what are the puts and takes in terms of your framework? I mean, obviously, you've taken down PID by about 1 point or so. It sounds like Europe came in weaker, but seems to turned the corner a little bit. But versus your expectations and then in light of the strong book to bill, what's changed since January?
Robert A. Livingston: Well your comment on Europe would be the -- probably my headline comment. It was a little bit weaker in the first quarter than we anticipated. We have, I would say, lowered our expectations very, very modestly for Europe for the year, and that's probably it, Nigel. I will tell you that as we go through the second quarter, and I've already commented on one of these points, that as we go through the second quarter and end the second quarter, what we're going to be watching very carefully is going to be the launch dates within Consumer Electronics, the new products from the OEMs, and to see how the rig count is developing for the U.S. market in the second half of the year. We still believe that the rig count will continue to improve throughout the year, and we've seen some signs of that – some positive signs of that here in April. But those are going to be – from my perspective, those are the 2 key variables that we're watching for the second half, and I actually feel pretty good with our setup right now for the second quarter.
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes. The only thing I would add to that, Bob, is that I agree with the European comment being a little bit softer than maybe coming into the year. But what we're seeing in terms of the international growth on our Energy business is higher than we had expected. Now we don't see it in the changing of our guide range for the top line growth, but I would tell you we're very encouraged by that number.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just want to -- back on the question of the rig counts, I think last quarter, you had said you expected drilling to be -- in '13 to be flat with '12, assuming about a 3% decline in rig counts. Is that still your expectation?
Robert A. Livingston: I do believe that was the expectation that we shared with you on the January call, was rig count down year-over-year. I'm talking averages now, about 3%. I haven't done the math, but I would say it's still about that same number, maybe even 1 point weaker, Charlie, with -- in our outlook. Now it is interesting to note that we -- in our outlook, we have an average -- and I'm talking the U.S. market now, not North America -- we have an average for the U.S. market in the second quarter to be very precise, 1,742 units. I mean, that's how we rolled it up. Here in mid-April, the latest data point I've seen is rig count deployment in the U.S. market right now is at 1,771 units.
Charles D. Brady - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes. Okay. That's very helpful. And just as a follow-up on Comm Tech, your commentary on preparing in 2Q for a very active second half, can you just help me understand when you're saying preparing it? Should I assume additional cost inputs in that? Or am I looking at that the wrong way?
Robert A. Livingston: No, I think if you look at any incremental cost inputs in the second quarter, it will be related to additional restructuring and some integration activities that we want to undertake in the second quarter. When I say preparing for the second half, the second half is a big period. It's going to be a significant growth period for Comm Tech, especially in Consumer Electronics. I think I mentioned earlier that, we see growth in the second quarter in our Consumer Electronics business of mid-teens, maybe almost 20%. The growth in the second half of the year is even more significant. I don't -- I can't tell you an exact number, but I would tell you that the revenue split between first half and second half in our Comm Tech business is probably very close to 45 in the first half and 55 in the second half, and that sort of underscores my earlier comment about getting prepared for some accelerated activity in the second half of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Deane Dray of Citi Research.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted to go back to your commentary on product ID, just if you could flesh that out. You said a softer barcode market is -- but you also mentioned a new laser technology coming online. So how much of this is lower volume? And is there any share loss implicit in this guidance?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. Well, you're -- you had 2 different companies here. On the barcode business, I would tell you that the disappointment in the first quarter was all around some large projects that have been deferred either into the second or the third quarter, one of which we've actually booked the order on here in April. So we've captured that. With respect to our largest business in this segment, Markem-Imaje, the softness was in Europe. In fact, the -- goodness, North America Markem-Imaje had low- to mid-single-digit growth. Latin America was probably I think 6% or 7% growth. We have 6% growth in China. And Europe, I think Markem-Imaje was down 3% or 4%.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then a separate topic, Bob. I was hoping you could comment on the implications of GE's acquisition in artificial lifts. Obviously, it validates the attractiveness of the space, but now you've got a bigger competitor, bigger capitalization, you'll likely see more pressure as they try to consolidate this space. How does this impact your outlook for the business near term, longer term?
Robert A. Livingston: Near term, we don't see an impact on our business near term. I do agree with your comment that it does validate the value of our business and why this business is important to Dover. Longer term, we'll see how that plays out. We think we've got a very, very strong position. At the end of the day, the customers make the decision based upon the best product and the best service and the best technology, and we like our position.
Deane M. Dray - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Will it be harder to do M&A in this space?
Robert A. Livingston: No. In fact, I would tell you that -- oh gosh, I don't know the count, but I commented earlier about our acquisition pipeline. I'm not sure how many deals we have that we're actually pursuing right now. But most of them, if not all of them, are within either refrigeration or fluids or the energy space. And in the energy space, we are looking at some very attractive add-ons and -- that can be bolted into existing businesses in production, as well as downstream. And I happen to like the -- I think the pricing is attractive as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch of Deutsche Bank.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: The execution of the rest of the buyback, I'm trying to remember, have you guys said that this would be prospectively contingent on receiving proceeds from electronic as test and assembly or right about -- that'd just go ahead regardless of that?
Brad M. Cerepak: No, we didn't say it was contingent on that. Obviously, that process is continuing. We are on track where we want to be, and I'd say we continue -- we will continue to execute on that buyback.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on the sale of [indiscernible], is that a '13 event most likely based on everything you know?
Robert A. Livingston: On the electronic assembly?
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes.
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. Brad said we're well on track. We're on process, and I would expect a transaction on these businesses in the third quarter.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: We shift gears to sort of your outlook for pricing. I think in the Q, you called out customer mix on the Comm Tech side, a little bit of a reference back to, I suppose, GE and Lufkin and pricing. I mean, how are you guys thinking about pricing? You're getting all this new business but -- with respect to new handset platforms and so forth. But how are you seeing this sort of evolve, right? Because there's obviously a degree of observation that the OEs on the handset market are going to have to introduce significantly lower priced point product. I mean, how do you dovetail it all, Bob?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. I wouldn't agree with that comment, John. Gosh, last year -- let me start by giving a comment on 2012. That's easy to do because it's history. But for 2012, I would say that ASP decline was very, very low single-digit percentage. And when I say low, I think it was less than 3%, John. Now that's for the business. On any individual customer, it's going to be a different product and a different price point based upon the age of the product or the age of the design and the performance specs by the OEM. I would say that's -- we don't see any change in 2013. In any given quarter, we can see some noise around customer mix simply because of that. The difference between product performance specs and the design that we're delivering can carry different price points.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So all else equal, don't you think the...
Robert A. Livingston: The ASP decline last year was extremely modest.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I know it was. Basically, ASP, you think, is in the zone for the foreseeable future? That's what you think?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And consequently, margins probably hold, particularly if you have done Sound Solution restructuring and you've got this new volume business coming through. Is that fair?
Robert A. Livingston: We expect margins to improve, not just hold. We expect margins to improve in this segment as the year unfolds.
John G. Inch - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Sorry, I meant at least hold. Okay, got it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question. You commented on China that China was solid in the quarter. How did it progress throughout the quarter, and what was the trend post the Chinese New Year, if you can comment on that?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. Well, the Chinese New Year in the first quarter was in February. And whenever – whatever month that falls into happens to be the weakest month we're going to see in China for that quarter. And the first quarter was no different. So I would say we had 2 strong shoulders in the quarter, January and March, and with February being down a bit. We did like the activity – the level of activity we were seeing as we exited the quarter, but we were rather pleased with not just our overall Dover performance in China for the quarter but -- goodness, you could list the long list of our operations, our businesses that operate in China, and I think all of them had growth in their first quarter, with the exception of one and it's a project business. It's going to be up and down throughout the year, but even that business is expecting growth in China for 2013.
Andrew Obin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just looking at order dynamic in Energy, how do you guys -- talking to your customers, how do they balance the view with nat gas now back north of $4 but then WTI is falling? How do you internally balance the view, and how do your customers balance the view?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I -- we're not quite that privy to all of the internal debates and decisions that our customers make. We do see the outcome of those decisions. It is interesting to note that even with the rig count decline we've experienced over the past year -- and let's see, I think in the first quarter, rig count in the U.S. was down 12% versus the first quarter of '12. What's interesting to note is that in the rigs that are being deployed for the drilling of oil, that rig count is actually up 5% year-over-year in the first quarter. Now that goes -- that's a little bit of a data point that sort of speaks to your question, and I -- there is a lot of speculation that as the rig count increases here in the U.S. in the balance of the year, that we'll see some additional rigs being deployed for gas drilling.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Mig Dobre of Robert W. Baird.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just a couple quick ones, first is on the overall bookings. Can you tell us exactly how much of the growth was contributed by the recent acquisitions?
Robert A. Livingston: Oh, my goodness. I'm not sure I have that data point. Brad?
Brad M. Cerepak: Well, I would just -- I don't have the data point either, but I would say it's a very small number in that bookings because the acquisitions were, other than Anthony, were pretty small. And Anthony is more of a book and shift business, so there's not much of a build in the backlog around the bookings for Anthony.
Mircea Dobre - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, I see. And then sort of sticking with Anthony there, can you comment a little bit on the seasonality of this business? From what I understood, you're expecting a nice uptick in second and third quarter. I wonder, normally, what do these 2 quarters account for when it comes to the total year's revenue? And maybe also, talk a little bit as to how you've seen order progress through the quarters -- through the quarter for Anthony.
Robert A. Livingston: No, I'm not sure I can share with you, simply because I don't have the detail on how the orders progress during the quarter with Anthony. My guess would be they were fairly stable or fairly linear. Your question of how much of the revenue would occur in the second and the third quarter, and it's going to look very similar to what we have shared with you over the years with respect to Hill PHOENIX, and I would say it's 60% to 65% of the annual revenue is going to fall in the second and third quarter.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Laurie. This concludes our conference call, and we'd like to thank you as always for your continued interest in Dover. And we absolutely look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's First Quarter 2013 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Livingston - President & CEO Brad Cerepak - SVP & CFO Paul Goldberg - VP, IR
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Scott Davis - Barclays Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Deane Dray - Citi Steve Tusa - JPMorgan John Inch - Deutsche Bank Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Andrew Obin - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Dover's fourth quarter earnings call. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's fourth quarter and full year operating and financial performance, and follow with our outlook for 2013. We will then open the call to questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 7th, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code, 86837487. And before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statements. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. 2012 was a strong performance year for Dover in revenue and earnings, and a truly important year for us as we continue to execute on our strategy. Before I get to our fourth quarter results, I'd like to comment on a few of our key accomplishments during this past year. With respect to strengthening our company, we continue to concentrate on building our five key growth spaces. We achieve this in two important ways. First, we work quite active in acquiring market leading businesses, investing a total of $1.2 billion. These acquisitions expanded our markets, enhanced our technology and product offerings and broadened our customer base. For example, through the addition of Anthony in our refrigeration space, we now have access to new markets and new geographies. Our product offering is greatly expanded lead by the exciting close to key strength and we have gained access to another set of customers. The same can be said for our Mag Pump and PCS acquisitions, which also added market leading businesses and technologies to our fluids and energy spaces. Secondly, we announced our plan to divest our electronic assembly and test businesses. Those strong performers these businesses served historically volatile end markets. We believe that this position, these businesses will greatly improve the consistency of our future results. These activities position us very well as we head into 2013. Additionally in November, we announced a $1 billion share repurchase program. In total for the year, we repurchased 12.3 million shares for roughly $750 million, which includes $250 million against the $1 billion program. Overall I am very pleased with our financial results for the year. The highlights include 5% organic growth, acquisition growth of 6%, margins exceeding 17%, and nearly $1 billion in free cash flow. Now some comments on our fourth quarter results. We posted revenue of $2 billion in the quarter, an increase of 6%, and our fourth quarter adjusted EPS of a $1.09, was a 7% improvement over the prior year. In our Energy segment, increased production activity, especially international markets and continuing strength in downstream distribution and retail fueling were among the trends that drove solid results in the quarter. Our drilling results as expected continue to be impacted by the lower year-over-year North American rig count. Overall Energy's performance was characterized by modest revenue growth and strong margins. At Communication Technologies, the consumer electronics market continue to be strong, especially smartphones. Our MEMs activity was again very strong reflecting the breadth of our OEM coverage and the benefits of multiple designs wins. Regarding Sound Solutions, we are now on an improved path and achieved sequentially better performance in the fourth quarter. We expect this positive trend for Sound Solutions to continue sequentially and for 2013 to be a much better year. Within our Engineered System segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets remain solid, and our business performance was again quite strong. We were also very happy to close the Anthony acquisition in the quarter. Regarding our fluids platform, our acquisitions completed earlier in the year are performing very well and while overall markets remain much the same as last quarter, we began to see improvements in order rates during the fourth quarter. Within our Printing & Identification segment, solid organic growth in our fast moving consumer goods market, more than offset the choppiness in our industrial markets. We also saw our European markets begin to stabilize in the fourth quarter. Our business teams achieved strong margin improvement driven by earlier restructuring activities. Now, looking ahead to 2013. In Energy, we expect continued expansion in our production and downstream markets, driven by international activity and constructive oil prices. To accelerate this international activity, we completed a small bolt-on acquisition in the fourth quarter to serve the international artificial-lift market. We also expect North America rig count growth to turn positive in the second half of the year. In Communication Technologies, the smartphone market is forecasted to be strong in 2013, supported by numerous new product releases. While OEM market share shifts are always possible, we expect to have a key position in virtually all planned smartphone releases and remain highly confident with our full year forecast. We expect 2013 to be a very strong year for Engineered Systems. In fluids, we expect a year of growth, as we leverage our recent acquisitions and continue to expand geographically. Within the refrigeration and industrial platform, we anticipate a year of strong growth for refrigeration and food equipment, driven by customer wins and active remodel market, our expanded product offerings, and recent acquisitions. In Printing & Identification, we expect the fast moving consumer goods market to remain strong in 2013. We are also excited about the release of several new products in the coming months and expect our industrial markets to improve. Our acquisition pipeline remains active and I am confident our M&A program will continue to strengthened over. Our outlook for the year is unchanged from Dover Day. We expect to leverage our strong market position, productivity initiatives, and share repurchase program to deliver EPS of $5.05 to $5.35, which represents 17% growth at the midpoint of our range. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Bob. Good morning everyone. Let's start on Slide 3 of the presentation deck. Today, we reported fourth quarter revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 6% over the prior year. This was comprised of 2% organic growth, 5% from acquisitions, and an unfavorable impact of 1% from FX. Earnings per share were $1.16, which included a $0.07 benefit from discrete tax matters settled during the quarter. After adjusting for tax benefits realized in the fourth quarter of both periods, adjusted EPS of $1.09 improved 7%. Segment margin for the quarter was 16.6%, down 30 basis points. This result reflects acquisition related costs and significantly higher restructuring, as we continue to pursue productivity and cost reduction initiatives. In the fourth quarter, these costs were more than $14 million and roughly $7 million being incremental over the prior year period. Bookings increased 4% over the prior year to $2 billion. These results represent solid 6% growth in Energy and 4% growth in Engineered Systems. Bookings were essentially flat in Communications Technologies and Printing & Identification. Overall, book-to-bill finished at 0.98, which is in line with historical trends. Backlog grew 7% to $1.5 billion. In the fourth quarter, we generated $482 million of free cash flow. For the year, free cash flow was $964 million, which was 12% of revenue and a 116% of net income. Cash flow generation continues to be a strength of Dover. Now, turning to Slide 4, which shows our revenue growth. For the quarter we achieved organic revenue growth in all segments. Engineered Systems driven by refrigeration and food equipment lead the way with 4%. Communication Technologies, Energy, and Printing & Identification each achieved 1% organic growth, driven by strong MEMs activity along with our medical technology, energy production, and fast moving consumer goods and markets. For the quarter, our acquisition growth was in our Engineered Systems and Energy segments as they posted 9% and 5% growth respectively. Turning to Slide 5, in our sequential results. Revenue decreased 4% from the third quarter largely in line with normal seasonality. Communication Technologies increased 1% on solid 7% sequential growth at Sound Solutions. Energy decreased 4% principally due to lower drilling activity, while Engineered Systems decreased 8% largely the result of normal seasonality in the refrigeration end market. Printing & Identification increased 3% driven by their continued market expansion activities and favorable FX. Bookings were essentially flat from the third quarter and in line with historical trends. We achieved growth at three of the four segments, with Energy largely driven by its production end market growing at 4%. Engineered Systems grew 2% driven by solid fluids orders and Printing & Identification was up 3%. Communication Technologies bookings declined 14% sequentially. This result reflects normal seasonality in the handset market, as well as lower order rate late in the fourth quarter, indicating a sequentially softer start for the year. Now, on Slide 6. Communication Technologies posted revenue of $401 million, an increase of 1% from the prior year. These results reflect solid growth in the MEMs portion of consumer electronics, offset by lower revenue at Sound Solutions. Our Medical Technology and Aerospace/Defense markets were strong, while Telecom markets remained weak. Although Sound Solutions revenue decreased year-over-year, it improved 7% sequentially as previously mentioned. Earnings decreased 18% to $58 million and segment margin was down 330 basis points to 14.6%. This performance reflects weak telecom markets, lower Sound Solutions volume, and $4.7 million of restructuring costs and one-time charges. As we start the year, we expect segment revenue and margin to moderate sequentially on anticipated lower volumes primarily due to seasonality. Bookings were $353 million, essentially flat with last year. Also consistent with last year, book-to-bill finished at 0.88. Now, turning to Slide 7. Energy revenue increased 6% to $540 million, while earnings increased 10% to $134 million. Energy produced another solid quarter as oil prices remained supportive of continued production activity and downstream markets continued to expand. Rig count declined year-over-year impacting our drilling business. Our focus on product innovation and international growth, especially in Australia and Middle East, allowed us to post another quarter of solid revenue growth in both production and downstream. Operating margin remained very strong. Our 24.7% margin was an 80 basis point improvement from last year, reflecting our strong market position and productivity initiatives. Bookings were $550 million, a 6% increase over the prior year. Book-to-bill was 1.02. Going to Slide 8. At Engineered Systems, sales were $819 million, an increase of 12% year-over-year. Earnings improved 10% to $102 million. Fluid Solutions revenue grew 27% to $207 million benefiting from acquisitions completed earlier in the year. Fluid Solutions organic revenue was down 4% with solid results in North America and Asia, offset by a weak Europe. Refrigeration & Industrial grew 8% to $613 million, including 6% organic growth. Operating margin was 12.4%, a 30 basis point decrease from the prior year. This result primarily reflect acquisition related cost associated with Anthony. Excluding Anthony, segment margin would have been 15.4%, an increase of 270 basis points. Bookings were $816 million, an increase of 4% resulting in a book-to-bill of 1. Our Fluid Solutions platform bookings increased 32% to $210 million, while Refrigeration & Industrial decreased 3% from last year to $607 million. Refrigeration & Industrial bookings included approximately $40 million of orders in the prior year, primarily related to Target's PFresh project, which is now winding down. Book-to-bill for Fluid Solutions was 1.02, while Refrigeration & Industrials was 0.99. Now, let's turn to Slide 9. Printing & Identification revenue was $254 million essentially flat with the prior year. Earnings increased 22% to $41 million. Revenue gains in our fast moving consumer goods market helped to mitigate relative softness in our industrial markets. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, organic growth in our fast moving consumer goods end market was 4%. Operating margin improved 280 basis points to 16%. The benefits of prior restructuring, continued cost improvements, and favorable customer mix helped drive margin improvement. Bookings were $253 million flat with last year. Book-to-bill ended at 1. Going to Slide 10. Fourth quarter net interest expense was $2 million higher than last year driven in part by higher debt levels related to our recently completed acquisitions. Corporate expense decreased by $1 million year-over-year. Our fourth quarter tax rate, absent discrete tax benefits of $0.07 was 28.5%. This rate was slightly higher than our prior forecast, reflecting mix of geographic earnings. For the full year, our normalized tax rate was 28.2% after adjusting for $0.09 of discrete tax benefits. Our capital expenditures were $88 million in the quarter. Lastly, we repurchased 5.8 million shares in the fourth quarter, which includes 4 million shares repurchased under the $1 billion program. For the year our share repurchase activity contributed $0.12 to our EPS. Turning to Slide 11, in our 2013 revenue guidance. Our revenue guidance remains unchanged from Dover Day. We expect full year revenue growth of 7% to 9%; organic growth is estimated to be 3% to 5% for the full year, with the impact of foreign exchange being essentially neutral. Completed acquisitions will add around 4%. Now breaking down revenue growth by segment. We expect Communication Technologies growth to be 9% to 11% for the year, primarily driven by an active consumer electronics market. Energy growth is expected to be 5% to 7%, including 3% to 5% of organic growth, and 2% from acquisitions. Engineered Systems is forecasted to have strong growth at 10% to 12%, which includes 2% to 4% organic, and around 8% growth from acquisitions, primarily Anthony. Lastly within Printing & Identification we expect growth of 2% to 4%. Moving on to Slide 12, which shows our full year guidance. As previously mentioned, we expect full year revenue 7% to 9%. Corporate expense will be around $150 million, largely reflecting higher pension costs driven by a lower discount rate. Interest expense will be around $130 million, which is up from last year, and reflects higher debt levels. CapEx should be in the range of 3% to 3.5% of revenue. We expect our 2013 tax rate to be in the range of 27.5% to 28%. Turning to the earnings bridge on Slide 13. 2012 adjusted EPS was $4.44. For the full year, volume and mix will contribute roughly $0.28 to $0.46, and we expect pricing to be essentially stable. Net productivity should add $0.12 to $0.22. We expect completed acquisitions to be $0.13 to $0.16 accretive for the year largely driven by Anthony. Investment and compensation, including higher pension expense will have a $0.10 to $0.16 impact for the year. Our ongoing $1billion share repurchase program, coupled with the tax rate and offset in part by incremental interest expense should have a net benefit of $0.23 to $0.28. The largest component of which is our reduction in our weighted average shares, which will provide a $0.25 to $0.30 benefit. Based on above we are reaffirming our full year earnings per share to be $5.05 to $5.35 representing 17% growth at the midpoint. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob for some final thoughts.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. As I mentioned earlier I am very pleased with our fourth quarter and 2012 performance. We delivered strong revenue and earnings growth in a tough environment. This is clearly a testament to the strength of our businesses and the responsiveness of our leadership teams across the company. Looking ahead to 2013, I remain confident in the positions we hold in our five key growth spaces, which now represent nearly 80% of our revenue. Our continued focus in these areas offer substantial growth opportunities. I feel very good about the prospects for 2013 in all four segments. The acquisition of Anthony and new product offerings will help drive growth at Engineered Systems. Communication Technologies will continue to grow as consumer demand for better audio products and their mobile devices surges on. Global expansion opportunities in production and downstream will fuel Energy's growth. And Printing & Identification will benefit in growth from a expansion of core applications and new product launches. Going forward, we continue to make internal investments to ensure we can properly support and service our customers. Included in our plans this year is the build out of a manufacturing facility in the Philippines, which will support the growth we anticipate in both the handset and hearing aid markets. In addition, we are supporting our growing heat extinguisher business with a new manufacturing plant in Oklahoma. We also plan to consolidate several facilities serving the Energy market into a new Houston operation and consolidate some of our refrigeration plants into a new facility in Georgia. Of course, we will continue to make innovation investments to ensure we stay at the forefront in technologies that help our customers win in their markets. In closing, I'd like to thank our entire Dover team for the hard work and dedication in 2012. Their focus on serving customers and achieving results will continue to drive our success. Okay, Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. At this point I'd just like to remind everybody, if you can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we will be able to get more questions. So with that, Paula, if you can give us the first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, since -- okay I am first up, so maybe I'll steal this question. Can you make comment on any noise that might create in 1Q for Compaq?
Bob Livingston: For 1Q?
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Just for 1Q, yeah. So it looks like there's going to be sequential down tick in handsets volumes in 1Q, which is not untypical, but it looks like I mean the book-to-bill within Compaq was 0.88, which was flat year-over-year, but I would have expected that I had given up Sound Solutions on an upswing. So, I'm wondering should we expect sharp a seasonal down tick within Compaq in 1Q versus 4Q?
Bob Livingston: Well, let me back up and put this in a little bit of context, Nigel and I think we shared a lot of this with you and others at Dover Day, but there are several trends driving our handset business in 2013. We still expect the smartphone market to grow in the mid 20% range this year and it will be supported by several new product releases probably from every major OEM and we continue to see the transition to smartphones from the lower end handsets. We continue to see the trend of using multiple mikes in each smartphone. We expect that to expand. In fact, we're now seeing several of the OEMs and there new designs for releases this year that are moving to three mikes per phone. You commented on Sound Solutions. We continue to expect Sound Solutions to improve sequentially through the year as they work to rebuild their share and we saw the evidence of this in the fourth quarter. The first quarter seasonality, it will be similar to what we have seen in the past, it will be down from the fourth quarter, but it is interesting, Nigel, as we look at a current look at the first quarter, our outlook for this segment for the first quarter isn't any different than we were looking at it 60 days ago, as we were finalizing our plans for 2013. We're going to see some market share shifts in the quarter but I think our broad coverage of the OEMs and the multiple design wins we have will prove to be quite a benefit.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: That's great to hear. And then switching to Anthony, so you caught a three points of margin degradation within ES, which I calculated to be about $0.10 EPS dilution which is which changes complexion of the quarter quite a bit, but I'm wondering as if we now move to EPS neutral stroke-positive from 1Q onwards? And I'm wondering if the 15.5 underline margin for that segment in 4Q, which is normally quite a weak seasonal margin in 4Q where that's a good run rate ex-Anthony going into 2013? 
Brad Cerepak: Hi, Nigel, it's Brad. Let me try to answer that and then maybe we need a follow on but Anthony as you know acquired mid-December we have a lot of acquisition related costs and rollover of inventory happening in the fourth quarter tagging into the first. We still feel we're still on our same forecast for Anthony. I think I said at Dover Day we deliver $0.10 to $0.12 of full year EPS accretion for us. That continues to be our view except that first quarter will be more neutral as more acquisition rollover happens and then it picks up from that point forward. Some of that is -- they don't have this same seasonality picture as a Hill PHOENIX but there is some seasonality in the Anthony business of course as well. I guess I want to just back up for a second on this question of how we move sequentially into the quarter and into 2013. Bob talked about our expectations in the handset market, I've covered a little bit about the expectation on Anthony will not be contributing in the first quarter, but also the PFresh program was very powerful for us early part of 2012, that's not repeating itself. So, Hill PHOENIX will also have some more normal or traditional seasonality. And then, lastly, as we indicated earlier in the year -- earlier in the call we see rig counts growing throughout the year. So, our drilling business will get sequentially better throughout as well. So, in terms of the way we see starting the year, our starting the year will be more consistent with what we've experienced in years prior to 2012 in essence. And 2012 had a lot of strength to it in the first quarter. And so I would expect -- we don't give quarterly guidance but I would expect that the first quarter EPS should be around 20% of our full year, where I see it today.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just to clarify on the last point. So, 15.5 margin ex-Anthony within ES. I mean was there any mix issue pushing up higher that could wind or, is that a good one rate, just the seasonality for 2013?
Bob Livingston: No, there is nothing unusual than the fourth quarter. And I would expect the margins at Engineered Systems to be reflective in '13 of what they were in '12 with perhaps a little bit of improvement. 
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Scott Davis of Barclays.
Scott Davis - Barclays: Want to talk a bit more about Compaq and I know there is some seasonality here in such but the book-to-bill of 0.88. Can you help us kind of reconcile, booking is flat versus book-to-bill at 0.88 versus kind of a seasonality; I know a year ago was also lower but I figure the timing of some of your handset guys ramping up production would have caused that book-to-bill to be a little bit higher, so can you help us out there?
Bob Livingston: We see a lot of noise on any given quarter around book-to-bill with individual companies or individual customers. Scott, it's interesting to note that it's probably a little bit different here with this part of our business than it is with the rest of our portfolio, in that we typically are only showing bookings in our handset activity for about the next two to two and a half months worth of production expectations. So, I think we are seeing some seasonality return to this business that's reflected in the book-to-bill especially in the latter part of the fourth quarter. As I commented, I think it was on Nigel's question, we will see the handset business down in the fourth quarter sequentially from the -- or in the first quarter sequentially from the fourth but we're still showing -- we're still expecting the business to show growth in their first quarter year-over-year.
Scott Davis - Barclays: Okay. And we will go back to Sound Solutions. There is a couple of things I'm trying to figure out here. I mean, in the slide it says, improved sequential performance to Sound Solutions then, to lower is lower Sound Solutions revenue. I mean are we at the point now where sequentially revenue is going to go up each quarter or you're just talking about profitability improving?
Brad Cerepak: Both.
Scott Davis - Barclays: Okay. So, we are at the bottom as far as the revenue ramp?
Brad Cerepak:  Q3 was the bottom.
Scott Davis - Barclays: Q3 was the bottom.
Brad Cerepak:  Q3.
Scott Davis - Barclays: Okay. All right, fair enough. And then, last question just same topic here. I mean, how much do you I know it's really hard to talk with individual customers here, but how much do you guys really care about the share shifts that are going on in the handset market? Is it -- are you somewhat customer agnostic I guess is my question or they're kind of diseconomies to scale as you need to ship less to one customer but a little bit more to another customer? I mean, how does that workout?
Bob Livingston: Well, it always gives little bit of angst within the short-term or the near term as you see the shifts. But again, let me try to put this in context and let me use Knowles Acoustics as an example. I think in 2012, we produced and shipped a little over 1.2 billion microphones. Our plan for 2013 is about 1.5 billion microphones. You break that down if it were absolutely equal every quarter, which it's not, but if you looked at our quarterly average, what is that about 370 million or 375 million mikes per quarter for Knowles, you see a little bit of noise in ship during the quarter or during a half year period from customer-to-customer, we have to manage through that. But the volume expectations in serving the broader market and we do have a very, very good design coverage on the border market still gives us plenty of opportunity to grow for the year and to manage internally the ships that we do experience from customer-to-customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Jeff Sprague at Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: A little more on Sound Solutions and Compaq. It looks like we're back to kind of a business with 3% of sales being 90% of the conference call, food for thought. Just wondering, I just want to be clear. So, on handsets you're expecting Q1 down sequentially for your business overall but Sound Solutions up sequentially?
Brad Cerepak:  Honestly, yes.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Yes. Can you give us some color, Bob, on just how to think about the profit comparison, the loss you absorbed in 2012, does that move to a zero in '13, the magnitude of that swing and is that swing kind of in your sights given where the current yields are?
Bob Livingston: Okay. So when you look at our guidance for '13, gosh what is the V or the delta, Brad, on Sound Solutions from '12 to '13. It's --
Brad Cerepak: Yeah, we would expect the year-over-year would be all in, and when I say all in Jeff, I am talking about including AD&A, which is quite substantial in this business. As you know it would be $0.13 to $0.18 where our expectation on Sound Solutions will contribute $0.13 to $0.18 for 2013.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: On a V basis.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: On a V basis. So what I would tell you though is that full in with AD&A, we're still showing some drag on our EPS, there is small amount, but some drag. And by the time we exit though and we've consistently talked about it in this fashion, as we exit out the second half it's a positive contributor to our EPS.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: And at the operating level ignoring the AD&A, the second half of the year we do have expectations so that the operating margins at Sound Solutions would be in low double digits.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Okay. Great. All right. Shifting if I could to the production business a) it looked good and b) you know called out Energy.
Bob Livingston: Are you referring to Energy?
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Yeah, Energy.
Bob Livingston: Okay.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: The strength in production, could you elaborate a little bit on the international trends you've obviously spoken about markets opening up in Oman and Mexico and other places, was there some clear inflection in your penetration in those markets? Just a little bit of elaboration on what's going on there.
Bob Livingston: Yeah, nothing new that we haven't been sharing with you over the last four or five or six quarterly calls. This has been a focus for us for the last two or three years. I think, last year, we probably experienced better than a 20% growth in our international business related to production that that continued in the fourth quarter. We see it continuing in '13, though it may be at a smaller growth rate but off of the higher base, but we're seeing it around the world not just Mexico, but other regions in South America, the Middle East, and Australia. Australia, over the last goodness 12, 15 months has proven to be a strong growth market for us as well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Deane Dray of Citi.
Deane Dray - Citi: Hey, in product ID the margin improvement that's 280 basis points you called out both restructuring and mix and maybe you can give us some color as to what the contribution of those two were for the quarter?
Brad Cerepak: Oh my goodness. I'm not sure I can split the difference for you. The margin performance to margin improvement in the fourth quarter one, number one, it was expected. We've been working towards this for the last two or three quarters and the restructuring of the third quarter.
Deane Dray - Citi: It is actually. It was.
Brad Cerepak: It was quite consistent with the third quarter. But the restructuring activity that we referred to were some changes we made in the business back in late first quarter and the second quarter and Deane it takes a few months for some of the benefits to flow through when we were starting to see those benefits in the third and fourth quarter. We think the -- we like where we're at now with Markem-Imaje. We had pretty decent growth at Markem-Imaje in the fourth quarter; I think it was 3% or 4%. We saw some softness in our industrial markets and that's specifically around our Datamax-O'Neil business that we think will change and we'll see some recovery in 2013. But the margins that we have at Markem-Imaje today and for the second half of the year we view as sustainable and we're looking for ways to incrementally improve of going into '13.
Deane Dray - Citi: And what specifically was going on with mix is it new product introductions, you capturing more of the business?
Brad Cerepak: I would say it's almost all new product introductions.
Deane Dray - Citi: Okay. Good. And just one last quick follow-up over on the Compaq side, Bob you referenced the trend towards some of the lower price point phones with some of the reduced features would that also result in fewer microphones or is the market kind of locked into more is better?
Bob Livingston: No, I think on the lower-end phones it's still pretty safe to use a number of one microphone per phone. On the smartphones, as I commented earlier, we are seeing the growing trends in multiple mikes and actually it is we've been convinced of this for the last couple of years and I think '13 is going to be a proving point for us. We see it happening now that most of the -- a lot of the -- most of the new phones being introduced in 2013 will have three microphones.
Deane Dray - Citi: Right. And I'll just add on that that they're actually advertising some of the microphone technology and filtering and so forth, so that's becoming a bigger cell feature. But that just remains.
Bob Livingston: I've actually noticed that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So what do you think -- thanks for the unit, the volume numbers for the year on those? What did the Knowles revenue grow this year and maybe if you give the exact detail in the fourth quarter. I noticed you guys re-segmented that segment and now it's a much, you can't really see those numbers. So just curious as to you give us the units which is great, but maybe just the revenue numbers.
Bob Livingston: You're asking for the gross or the year?
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Yeah gross or because out on from last year, you used to disclose what the Knowles revenues were for this year. What were they? You know non-stamp solutions and I think you moved some other stuff into that consumer electronic sub-segment for Compaq. So I'm just trying to pass that out because it's very hard to see what that particularly is doing now?
Bob Livingston: Actually Steve I think what we're showing, what we're showing in consumer electronics actually is a bit cleaner than what we probably have initially. But consumer electronics, I think is entirely Knowles Acoustics. I'm excluding hearing aid business. Knowles Acoustics and Sound Solutions.
Paul Goldberg: Right. So within that Steve, its Paul, I think what you'll see is the MEMs. I think the question you're asking is what MEMs volume, what MEMs revenue growth is. Is that correct?
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Yeah, yeah I mean you guys used to say, call it handsets I think.
Bob Livingston: So for MEMs revenue growth in the fourth quarter, I think it was about 30%.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay that makes a lot of sense. So then and so that finished the year somewhere in the kind of up 25% to 30% range for the annual number?
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. Great. What was the $5 million charge there at Compaq?
Bob Livingston: Oh, my goodness, restructuring in three or four, nothing major at any one business, but restructuring activity I think at three or four businesses. And maybe the largest one at any given business was probably a $1.5 million or $1.8 million, something like that. Brad does that sound right?
Brad Cerepak: Yeah about a $1.4 million.
Bob Livingston: Yeah.
Brad Cerepak: So at one of our businesses. But a lot of spend this year in Compaq has been around restructuring our Telecom business. So we've had restructuring charges a little bit each quarter and that continued into the fourth quarter and we'll continue to look at that in 2013 to take more cost out as the Telecom markets remain fairly weak.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. And then one last question is on Engineered. What -- you mentioned a very helpful with the bookings number of $40 million I think you said at PFresh last fourth quarter?
Bob Livingston: Yeah.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Is that right? So what were the PFresh revenues for -- in '12 for you guys and what were the orders?
Bob Livingston: I am not sure I can give you the orders for the year. I would say that if you wanted some context on the PFresh Program and Steve, I would think in 2011, it was about a $130 million.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay.
Bob Livingston: In 2012 it was about $30 million down. In 2012, with all most all of that down comparison being in the second half of last year.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay.
Bob Livingston: And in '13, we expected to be down another $40 million or $50 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of John Inch of Deutsche Bank.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank: If you were to exclude your tech businesses, what did you see in China in the quarter? I realize you're not penetrate across the spectrum of your company but just would you corroborate sort of these trends that you are seeing toward Chinese macro improvements? Just how does that play out?
Bob Livingston: If we were to exclude the tech businesses well, I do not have the data but we would have had growth but it would have been probably single digits in China in the fourth quarter. Actually, John it is interesting. If you look at all of Asia for the fourth quarter, the growth was probably little bit better than that.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank: So, China is still a little bit of a laggard.
Bob Livingston: Well, we are seeing a recovery in China, we did see it.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Bob Livingston:  The headline news that everyone reads with respect to the improving activity in China was reflected in our activity as well in the fourth quarter.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank: 
 :
Bob Livingston: Okay. Is this a question specific to Knowles?
John Inch - Deutsche Bank:  Yes, it is.
Bob Livingston: Okay. We tend to play -- let me step back. With speakers and receivers, we tend to have a position across the entire market whether it is the lower-end handsets   With respect to our microphone business, it tends to be much higher concentration in the smartphone segment. And again, it comes back to the multiple mikes per phone. The last year or so, I guess the example I would use would be Samsung, who has not only got the top-end smartphone product offerings but the mid range in the lower-end smartphone product offerings. We have a very, very strong design and share position with that customer and the products that we sell them tend to be same.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank:  Okay.
Bob Livingston: Which is irrespective of their price point on the product offering.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank: So, you are suggesting that the window into prospectively billions in pricing?
Bob Livingston: I think the relationship in the example I just used here was Samsung, is indicative of what we will see with other lower-end smartphones as they could introduce by other customers. It does increase the market for us.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank:  Just last on Sound Solutions, from an outsiders perspective it seems some of inevitable that you maybe even have to take a write down. You just talked to us about sort of the process. Brad, like what -- does this happen kind of once in terms of your review and has it just happened or I mean, how do you do it, is it too soon to kind of make that call obviously, given the sequential improvement that is happening?
Brad Cerepak:  Yeah, I think it is the latter. It's too soon to make that call. We do obviously have to look at goodwill impairments, once a year and we do that in the fourth quarter.
John Inch - Deutsche Bank:  Okay.
Brad Cerepak:  But we are seeing sequential improvement. We continue to articulate our high expectations for this company and the prospects for it. As Bob indicated, we are going to see sequential growth for 2013 and exit at a level that is not satisfactory to us, but a significant improvement. We see our way back to the historical levels of profitability. You recall this business at one point had high 20s EBITDA margins and I think that is still within our reach.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Shannon O'Callaghan of Nomura Securities.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities:  So, just one last one hopefully, on Sound Solutions we will see, but did it achieve breakeven kind of core pre-AD&A in the quarter and what did you get the yields too on speakers and receivers?
Bob Livingston: Yes, to your first question on an operating basis it was about break-even. We continue to see we'll use the phrase our financial yields continue to improve and in a couple of the product areas, we're actually quite pleased with the yields that we're at now coming into 2013.
Brad Cerepak: More to do.
Brad Cerepak: More to do, we're not done yet, but it's we were quite pleased with the progress that we made in the fourth quarter.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities: So are both pieces basically to break-even type yields at that point?
Bob Livingston: We mean both pieces.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities: The speakers and receivers.
Bob Livingston: For product areas, I would say, yes, for individual lines, we probably still have a little bit more work to do on receivers and we have on speakers on the speaker boxes.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities: Okay. And then in terms of this drilling outlook through the year, I mean how much was drilling down this quarter and when do you expect that to bottom and turn positive?
Bob Livingston: Are you referring to our business or the rig count?
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities: Both.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So, let's see our drilling activity -- our drilling this revenue in the fourth quarter I think was down about 10%. Brad does that sound about right, year-over-year?
Brad Cerepak: Right.
Bob Livingston: And again about as expected as we came into the quarter. Our outlook for '13 for our drilling business is essentially flat. You'll see it -- you'll see some different numbers during the year when we report quarterly, but our outlook for the year is going to be essentially flat. Embedded in our guidance is the assumptions and the data we use on what we think rig count will be in 2013. If you look at average for '12 versus average for '13 in the U.S. market, we expect the rig count average for '13 to be down again versus '12. Again and again I'm using average for '12 versus average for '13 about 3%. But if you look at where we ended the year at year-end '12 rig count, I think was like 1,760 units here in the U.S. We see it moderating down a bit further during the first quarter, but it's -- all indications are after the first quarter is that this will start to increase again and I think the average for '13 versus the year-end number for '12 it's up about 3% or 4%.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Andrew Obin of Bank of America.
Andrew Obin - Bank of America: Just a follow-up on the Energy, how should we think about mix change within the segment between domestic and international during the year?
Bob Livingston: Mix change. I'm not sure; it's going to be any different in '13 than it was in '12. Other than, we continue very strongly to push the expansion of our artificial-lift business and some of our downstream applications into international markets. I mentioned in my prepared comments, small acquisition that we closed on in December and even though, it's a U.S. business that we acquired, our intent with this business is to dedicate all of its production capability over the next year or so to serving some of our international customers, it will continue to grow.
Andrew Obin - Bank of America: But I guess the question of the U.S. rig count is sort of flattish and international is growing, why wouldn't the mix change more towards international or the U.S. is just so big, North America is so big?
Bob Livingston: Therein, is you answer, I still think our North America business -- our North America slice of our drilling and production business is probably still 83%, 85% of the total.
Andrew Obin - Bank of America: Just a -- in terms of this pace of buybacks throughout the year, should we expect them to rough financial free cash flow or is there any specific pattern that you should -- we should keep in mind?
Bob Livingston: Yeah, I guess when we were at Dover Day, I said at that time that we would complete somewhere around 70% to 80% of the buy against the $1 billion program. We completed 250 in the fourth quarter. I think you'll -- you should expect that we'll continue to buy more weighted towards the first half of the year in 2013, not necessarily lining up with free cash flow.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for any closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Paula. This concludes our conference call. With that, we would like to thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's fourth quarter 2012 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Livingston – President, Chief Executive Officer Brad Cerepak – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Paul Goldberg – Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Charlie Brady – BMO Capital Jeff Sprague – Vertical John (Inaudible) – Deutsche Bank Scott Davis – Barclays Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley Deane Dray – Citi Research Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse Mike Wherly – Janney Capital Markets Mick Dobray – Robert W. Baird Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus 
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the third quarter 2012 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO, and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question and answer period. [Operator instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Paula. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s third quarter earnings call. Today’s call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s third quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the remainder of the year. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through October 31 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1-800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code: 37297489.  And before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statements. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn this call over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Before I get to our third quarter results, I’d like to share a few observations on the macro environment during the quarter. During our last quarterly call, we discussed the significant decline we had experienced in Europe and moderating activity in China. We also saw North American markets as mostly stable. Ninety days later, I would say these trends are generally continuing. Europe has remained at a low level, though the weakness is broader-based than last quarter. China has weakened, especially with respect to the electronics markets. The bright spot this quarter again was U.S. industrial activity. In summary, these conditions result in moderately slower global growth rates as we enter the fourth quarter. Now some comments on our third quarter results. We posted revenue of 2.2 billion in the quarter, an increase of 3%. Our third quarter EPS of $1.32 was an 11% improvement over the prior year, largely driven by strong leverage on volume. In our energy segment, expanding production activity and strong downstream investments in distribution and retail fueling are among the trends that drove excellent business results in the quarter. Our drilling results were impacted by the lower year-over-year North American rig count, though rig count did increase sequentially. Overall, energy’s performance was characterized by continuing growth and strong margins. We expect these trends to continue in the fourth quarter. At our communication technology segment, several handset OEMs launched new products towards the end of the quarter, which drove solid sequential results. Our MEMS activity was very strong, reflecting the breadth of our OEM coverage and the benefits of multiple design wins. The challenges at Sound Solutions led to lower revenue than expected. This along with normal seasonality in the handset market will continue to impact results through year-end. While I was disappointed with our performance at Sound Solutions, we continued to work through significant business transitions and are making substantial progress. I firmly believe we will make further progress in this important business in the coming months. Within our engineered systems segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets remain quite solid and our business performance was strong. Regarding our fluids platform, markets remain much the same as last quarter, highlighted by the excellent results of recent acquisitions. We expect the segment’s fourth quarter results to reflect the normal seasonality of our refrigeration markets and slightly moderating macro growth trends. Within our printing and identification segment, strong organic growth in our fast-moving consumer goods market, along with the benefits of our second quarter restructuring, helped drive solid margin performance. The China electronics equipment market weakened through the quarter and was below our prior expectations. We believe this trend will continue and now project this segment’s performance to be lower in the fourth quarter. Overall, the strong market positions of our businesses and productivity initiatives enabled us to deliver third quarter segment margin of 18%.  During the quarter, our acquisition pipeline developed nicely and we have several deals that have matured and are actionable. I remain bullish on our five growth spaces and am enthusiastic with the strategic add-ons in our pipeline. In summary, the majority of our businesses performed very well. I am quite pleased with our third quarter results and the responsiveness of our businesses. As we enter the fourth quarter, the softening global economy, especially impacting electronics, and lower volumes at Sound Solutions result in an outlook that is less than we expected at the beginning of the third quarter. We remain focused on our growth initiatives and investments, select restructuring activities, and the pursuit of strategic acquisition opportunities, all of which will help deliver further earnings gains in 2013. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning everyone. Let’s start on Slide 3 of our presentation deck. Today we reported third quarter revenue of 2.2 billion, an increase of 3% over the prior year. This was comprised of 1% organic growth, 4% from acquisitions, and an unfavorable impact of 2% from foreign exchange. EPS was $1.32, which included a small benefit from discrete tax matters settled during the quarter. After adjusting for minor tax benefits realized in the third quarter of both periods, EPS improved 10% over the prior year.  Segment margin for the quarter was 18%, an increase of 100 basis points. This result reflects solid performance in all segments and the absence of one-time acquisition-related costs incurred in the third quarter of last year. Bookings increased 1% over the prior year to 2.1 billion. These results represent solid 6% growth in energy and modest increases in both communication technologies and engineered systems. In printing and identification, bookings decreased 10% as further weakness in electronics markets impacted the segment. Overall, book-to-bill finished at 0.94, in line with normal seasonality. Backlog grew 6% to 1.5 billion.  In the third quarter, we generated 230 million of free cash flow, or 10% of revenue. We expect free cash flow for the year to be roughly 10% of revenue.  Now turning to Slide 4 and our revenue growth. Organic growth remained solid at engineered systems and energy, achieving 4% and 3% respectively in the quarter, reflecting strong performance in the food equipment production and downstream markets. Communication technologies’ organic revenue declined 1% while printing and identification decreased 6%. For the quarter, acquisition growth was strong at energy and engineered systems as they both posted 8% and 7% growth respectively. Turning to Slide 5 and our sequential results, revenue increased 2% from the second quarter with three of our four segments showing sequential growth. Communication technologies increased 10% primarily driven by the handset market. Energy increased 4% led by the production in downstream markets. Engineered systems showed modest sequential growth of 1%. Printing and identification declined 3%. Bookings decreased 3% sequentially from the second quarter, in line with historical trends. Growth of 8% in communication technologies was led by the handset and aerospace markets. Engineered systems bookings declined 8% sequentially, largely reflecting the normal seasonality of our refrigeration markets. The sequential bookings decline of 4% in printing and identification was primarily driven by continued weakness in the electronics markets. Energy bookings declined 1%. Now on Slide 6, communication technologies posted revenue of 396 million, a decrease of 2% from the prior year. These results reflect modest revenue declines in all end markets, with the exception of aerospace industrial. Within the handset market, very strong MEMS activity was offset by lower volume at Sound Solutions. Earnings increased 19% to 64 million and segment margin improved 290 basis points to 16.1%. This performance reflects strong leverage on MEMS volume, weaker results at Sound Solutions, and the absence of one-time costs associated with acquisitions completed in the third quarter of last year. We expect segment revenue and margin to moderate sequentially in the fourth quarter on anticipated lower volumes, primarily due to seasonality and mix. Bookings were 412 million, essentially flat with last year. Book-to-bill finished at 1.04. Turning to Slide 7, energy revenue increased 10% to 562 million while earnings increased 11% to 139 million. Energy produced another solid quarter as oil prices remained supportive of continued production activity and downstream markets remained strong. Rig count declined year-over-year, impacting our drilling business. Our focus on international growth coupled with the diversity of our end markets allowed us to post another quarter of strong revenue growth in both production and downstream. Operating margin was 24.7%, a 20 basis point improvement. Bookings were 527 million, a 6% increase over the prior year. Book-to-bill was 0.94.  Now on Slide 8, at engineered systems sales were 892 million, an increase of 8% year-over-year. Earnings improved 15% to 144 million. Fluid solutions revenue grew 26% to 218 million, benefiting from recent acquisition. Fluid solutions organic revenue was flat with solid results in North America and Asia offset by a weak Europe. Refrigeration industrial grew 5% organically to 674 million. Revenue gains were broad-based with Hill Phoenix posting a quarterly record for revenue. Operating margin was 16.2%, an increase of 100 basis points from the prior year. This was primarily driven by solid operating performance and our focus on cost improvements. Bookings were 798 million, an increase of 3% resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.89. Our fluid solutions platform bookings increased 13% to 198 million. Refrigeration industrial was essentially flat with last year at 600 million. Book-to-bill for fluid solutions was 0.91 while refrigeration industrials was 0.89. The segment book-to-bill principally reflects the normal seasonality of the refrigeration market and softer European and Asian markets. Now let’s turn to Slide 9. Printing and identification revenue was 358 million, a decrease of 11% from the prior year. Earnings decreased 14% to 51 million. Gains in our consumer goods markets helped to partially mitigate the continued softness in our electronics markets as well as unfavorable foreign exchange. Our electronics markets were down over 30 million year-over-year. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, organic growth in the fast-moving consumer goods end market was 6%. Operating margin declined 40 basis points to 14.4%. The benefits of prior restructuring and continued cost improvements largely offset significantly lower volume in electronics. Looking forward, we do not see a near-term recovery in the electronics markets. Bookings were 343 million, a decrease of 10% from last year. In the consumer goods and industrial markets, bookings increased 1%, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Book-to-bill ended at 0.96.  Moving to Slide 10, third quarter net interest expense was generally in line with expectations. Corporate expense decreased by 2 million year-over-year. Our third quarter tax rate was 27.9%. This rate was slightly higher than our prior forecast and largely impacted by mix of geographic earnings. This rate also included a $0.02 benefit from the resolution of discrete tax matters. Our CAPEX spend for the quarter was 69 million and we repurchased 4.3 million shares since our last call. Now turning to Slide 11 and our 2012 revenue guidance. We now expect full-year revenue growth of around 7%. Organic growth is estimated to be about 3%, including a negative 2% impact from foreign exchange. Completed acquisitions will add around 4%. Breaking down revenue growth by segment, we expect communication technologies growth to be around 11% for the year, about seven percentage points lower than our last guidance. The main drivers of this change are OEM launch delays and lower volumes at Sound Solutions. Energy growth is expected to be approximately 16%, largely unchanged from our prior forecast. Engineered systems is forecasted to grow around 9%, again in line with our prior expectations. Lastly, within printing and identification a weakening electronics market is driving our revenue forecast down one percentage point. We now expect revenue to decline around 9% for the year, inclusive of a 3% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Now on Slide 12, which shows our full-year guidance. As previously mentioned, we now expect revenue growth to be around 7%. Corporate expense decreased slightly while interest expense and CAPEX remained substantially unchanged. We now expect our 2012 tax rate to be 27.9%, reflecting changes in the mix of geographic earnings. Based on the above, we expect our full-year earnings per share from continuing operations to be $4.55 to $4.65. Now let’s go to the earnings bridge on Slide 13. As a reminder, 2011 EPS was $4.26 after adjusting for $0.22 of discrete tax benefits. Volume, mix and price will contribute roughly $0.24 to $0.30 for the full year, down about $0.06 from our last forecast. Net productivity will add $0.20 to $0.24. Investment and compensation is now about $0.05, a $0.06 adjustment from our last forecast. We expect completed acquisitions to be about $0.14 dilutive for the year, down from our prior forecast. This revision largely reflects the impact of Sound Solutions. On a net basis, the impact of corporate expense, interest expense, share count and our tax rate is largely unchanged from our prior forecast. The net result is full-year EPS of $4.55 to $4.65.  With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Bob for some final comments.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I mentioned earlier, I am very pleased with our third quarter performance. We delivered strong earnings growth in a tough environment. This is a testament to the strength of our businesses and the responsiveness of our leadership teams across the company.  As Brad just mentioned, our fourth quarter outlook has been reduced. I expect a few of our highlights for the quarter to be further progress at Sound Solutions, continuing strong gains in our MEMS business, continued strength in energy, and a continuation of our focus on cost reduction via select restructuring activities. Our reduced guidance does not change my conviction on the long-term growth opportunities before us. Looking ahead to 2013, I remain confident in the positions we hold in our five key growth spaces. Our focus in energy, fluids, refrigeration and food equipment, product identification and communication components offer us substantial growth opportunities. I look forward to sharing specific details regarding 2013 at our investor day conference in New York on December 10. In closing, I’d like to thank our entire Dover team for their hard work and dedication. Their focus on serving customers and achieving results will continue to drive Dover’s success. With that, Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. At this point, I’d like to remind the callers that we would kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up so we can get more callers on the call. Paula, can we have our first question, please?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Shannon O’Callaghan with Nomura.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura: Good morning, guys. So Bob, we’ll start with – surprise! – Sound Solutions. Can you explain—you know, take another crack maybe in a little more detail. You’ve got the Vienna facility at Sound Solutions that’s very good at high throughput automation. You’ve got Knowles people who know how to do high-flex automation very successfully, and I know it’s slightly different what you’re trying at Beijing Sound Solutions, but can you explain in a little more detail why you think you’ve had such trouble with that and why you can’t better leverage the knowledge base of those other parts of the company to get the yields up.
Robert Livingston: Okay, wow – that’s about four questions, Shannon.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura: Well, it’s all one topic.
Robert Livingston: All right. So let me back up to about 15 months ago and just highlight what I would label as the three primary objectives we had as we entered the third quarter right after the acquisition of Sound Solutions. We knew we were dealing with the significant change in the marketplace with Nokia and a couple of other OEMs, but objective number one was aggressively pursued design wins with new OEMs. I would say objective number two sort of goes to the heart of your question, which was a significant manufacturing transition in the Beijing operation with a focus on the high-flex automation. And the third objective would be to work the new designs quickly to drive yield improvements and volume.  Shannon, the execution on all three of these objectives has been slower than I expected, slower than we expected, and it has been disappointing. Your question about the capability we have both in Vienna as well as the Knowles team is true. In fact, as we exited the second quarter, early part of the third quarter, we did start to make some management transitions in Beijing; in fact, the general manager of Beijing now, the operations manager, I think the quality manager and probably about five other key leadership positions have been changed since the end of the second quarter with Knowles China personnel taking over responsibility for these positions. So now let’s comment on the third quarter. I think we’ve learned a lot in the first six months of this year. I think those learnings, along with the management transitions that we started to make at the end of the second quarter and into the early part of the third quarter, we have seen some progress. On the high-flex lines, we like what we have and we feel we made the right decision. We’ve had lots of learning between Line 1 and where we are today, but I would also label that this high-flex automation objective as no longer a challenge. Our yields continue to improve. We had significant during the third quarter, more in the latter part of the third quarter than we did in the early part, and we will continue to make more progress in the fourth quarter. The volume has been lower than expected, but I also expect it to continue to increase. Shannon, I’d share one further comment, and it has less to do about performance and more to do with sort of the outlook for this business. As focused as we have been in the last six months on bringing up the high-flex automation and improving our yields, we are already working on several new designs for 2013 OEM product launches; and actually, a couple of the key designs are actually scheduled for first quarter qualification tests, and we’re on schedule.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura: Okay, that’s really helpful. Thanks. And then just one more from me, just on balance sheet – I mean, nice to see a little over 4 million of share repurchase in the quarter. It sounds like you’re also feeling good about the acquisition pipeline. You have the free cash flow on the balance sheet to kind of do them both. How are you thinking about those into the end of the year and next year?
Robert Livingston: I’ll take that question. Again, I think at the price and the multiple on our stock right now, we find it very attractive; and therefore in the quarter, we did go ahead, as we’ve been saying, and buyback ahead of dilution more so than we did even last year. That’s obvious at 4.3 million shares purchased. I would say we continue to make an assessment of what’s in our deal pipeline all the time and the price of our stock. At this time, though, I would say we would expect to continue with some modest share repurchases into the fourth quarter. We like what we’ve done in the second quarter and I think we’ll continue to do that.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura: Okay, thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Brady at BMO Capital.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital: Hi, thanks. Good morning guys. Just to go back to Sound Solutions for a minute, and I guess specifically on the OEM launch and some of the yields on some of the products going into that. I guess I’m trying to get a sense of—I know you’re not giving 2013 guidance, but at what point does that problem linger into 2013? I mean, at what point are you anticipating the yields getting up to a level that the product is acceptable to the customer and you can start shipping that product into that OEM?
Robert Livingston: We are there now, Charlie. The yields on the new designs that we’ve been focused on bringing into production and the ramp over the last three or four months are being delivered to the customer. The customer is accepting them and is pleased with the yields, though I would also tell you we have further room for improvement on the yields.
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital: Okay, that’s great. That’s helpful, thanks. And just quickly on the energy business, on the bookings, can you kind of break it down by the three end markets? I’m assuming that the bookings on the drilling were not as strong, but maybe just give a sense of the three end markets there.
Robert Livingston: No, I actually don’t have the bookings data here for recall, Charlie. I think you go back to the comments that Brad share with you and his comments on the three sectors with respect to revenue. My guess is that the bookings followed pretty closely to the revenue pattern. We didn’t have a lot of distortion in book-to-bill between the three sectors. 
Charlie Brady – BMO Capital:  That’s helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Hey Bob, just to follow up on that last point – so yields are now acceptable on speakers and receivers, and you’re shipping into the new customer. Is that something that happened in the quarter? Is that an October event?
Robert Livingston: No, let’s see. Part of the product activity would have—I’m going to say late August. Late August, we had product going into the customer’s, I call it hub, late August. Everything that we have been able to manufacture, in other words full capacity, what we’ve been able to manufacture and ship into the hub since the end of August on speakers has been pulled and placed into product.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical: But not receivers?
Robert Livingston: Pardon?
Jeff Sprague – Vertical: But not receivers?
Robert Livingston: On receivers, we’re probably 30 days beyond that.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical: But you’re now shipping?
Robert Livingston: We’re now shipping.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical: So just thinking, then, about the guide reduction, the guide reduction is no longer about your inability to deliver, I presume. It’s solely on OE volumes, or do you think your share was somewhat impaired for a while because of the initial disruptions with the business?
Robert Livingston: Okay, so let me—in case there maybe a misconception here. On our guidance down, Jeff, we’re actually—included in our guidance, we actually have a modest revenue increase in the fourth quarter for Sound Solutions sequentially. 
Jeff Sprague – Vertical: You do? Okay.
Robert Livingston: So it’s not a decline. We’ve got a modest increase in revenue in the fourth quarter, and an increase in operating earnings. More importantly, I would say less of a loss, okay? The concern we have in this handset business for the fourth quarter is that December is always such a wildcard. We truly do not have visibility into the month of December on what—we know what the production forecast looks like right now. Our experience has been that December can have some wild movements. 
Brad Cerepak: I would just add the sequential growth that we originally talked about in the last call—
Robert Livingston: This is modest.
Brad Cerepak: This is modest now. This is, you know, mid-single digits growth sequentially. And again, I would say where we were 90 days ago as to where we are today, we are shipping, as Bob has indicated. We are booking revenue, and we have line of sight now on where we are in Sound Solutions. But a lot of room for improvement.
Robert Livingston:  Yeah, still a lot of room for improvement, but if I could add any color to that with respect to, I’ll label it as risk assessment, I actually—when we look at what we have in our guidance for Sound Solutions and the fourth quarter, sitting here now I would tell you that there is—we feel there is very, very little downside.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical: I’ll call it a second and a half question – I’m sorry – as a follow-up. You did speak to kind of the improvements late in the quarter. Just to your very point you made there, Bob, is there something kind of in the monthly book-to-bills or something that can give us a little more comfort on that, to the extent that you can share any additional color? And I’ll move on, thanks.
Robert Livingston: I don’t have monthly book-to-bills. I’m not sure I could share anything else on the order rates. We did have a positive book-to-bill for Sound Solutions in the third quarter. That would be expected, and I would label it as normal. As I said, we are shipping what we can produce, and the customer is pulling it from the hub and it’s going into product.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from John (Inaudible) of Deutsche Bank.
John – Deutsche Bank: Morning everyone. I want to ask Brad about the guide on the acquisition line. So the minus $0.14, it was $0.03 to $0.05. So I think this is sort of a down 40 to 50 million of OP if you just run the basic math. Bob, I think you had commented before that Sound Solutions had lost maybe 12 to 16 million pre-tax in the first half. If it’s actually sequentially getting better, it doesn’t seem to bridge the down $0.14. And I appreciate your comments around December; I’m just trying to understand. Brad, you implied the bulk of that was Sound Solutions. What am I missing? How do you get to the down $0.14?
Brad Cerepak: Okay, no I think—it is, the bulk of it is Sound Solutions. It has a lot to do with this change in the revenue line. You’ll recall coming out of the second quarter, we were looking at sequential growth at Sound Solutions of between 20 and 25%. Our sequential growth going out of the second quarter into the third on Sound Solutions was very modest at around 6%. We see modest again into the fourth quarter. That volume reduction is very, very significant, especially with respect to the cost structure of Sound Solutions. They incrementally convert very, very high on the upside and likewise on the downside, and so that impact is entirely related to our expectations going out of the second—in the second quarter, what we expected in the second half for Sound Solutions.
John – Deutsche Bank: So there’s a—I think I get it. It’s high fixed cost. So if the trajectory based on what you are describing holds, and I kind of get the sense that Sound Solutions’ progression will be sort of linear, right? It’s going to progressively continue to improve. What kind of a run rate does this imply in terms of revenue and contribution on profits for 2013? And you don’t have to be specific, but just in general what kind of a trajectory?
Robert Livingston:  Well, it will continue to improve, John. Our operating results and including in our top end guidance at the high end of the range for Sound Solutions in the fourth quarter is essentially break-even.
John – Deutsche Bank: Okay. So post-that, that means Sound Solutions makes money each of the following four quarters. That would be your expectation?
Robert Livingston: That would be our expectation.
John – Deutsche Bank: And just lastly, you guys commendably repurchased your shares. Is sort of a 2% net reduction kind of a decent placeholder to think about throughout next year, recognizing that there is some dilutionary impact and obviously you want to opportunistic with M&A. But is that your thinking at this point, or is it just more of a—you just want to be a little bit more opportunistic this quarter based on, who knows, cash flow timing or something else.
Robert Livingston: You’re asking about ’13, our thoughts on ’13?
John – Deutsche Bank: Yeah.
Robert Livingston: I would look back to what we did in ’11 to be maybe as a baseline for ’13, which means we would continue to stay above dilution. I think we were a little over 2 million shares in ’11 above dilution. I think that would be a best guess at this point.
John – Deutsche Bank: Kind of 2%, then?
Brad Cerepak: One to two.
John – Deutsche Bank: Yeah, one to two. Okay. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis of Barclays.
Scott Davis – Barclays: Hi, good morning guys. This is the first time in a couple quarters you really talked about M&A picking up, and I guess things have been kind of shut down since Sound Solutions. Is there a sense of the size range and the type of deals that you’re looking at, meaning are we focused mostly on kind of non-com tech stuff, or is there a continued build-out of your technology capabilities? I mean, just give us a little bit of sense. Obviously I know you can’t name names, but give us a sense of the type of stuff you’re looking at.
Robert Livingston: Well, I’m not going to name names, but let me correct a misstatement. You say we’ve been shut down since Sound Solutions. That’s not true.
Scott Davis – Barclays: Well, you’ve been quiet, more quiet.
Robert Livingston: Since Sound Solutions, I don’t know what the spend has been, but it’s probably 600 million.
Brad Cerepak: Five, 600 million.
Robert Livingston: Yeah, 500, 600 million, and with the two largest ones being Maag Pump that we closed on in March, and PCS that we closed on in April, and I guess Oil Lift was, what, last November or December – something like that, Paul? But to bring the comment forward, the profile of the properties, the businesses that are in the pipeline today, none are as large as Sound Solutions. The bulk of them would probably be in the 50 to $150 million range on evaluation, and let’s see – I’m doing a quick sort of nose count here as we go through this. None of them are in communication technologies. We’ve got a couple of smaller ones that we’re looking at within energy, but it’s mostly to continue our efforts to broaden and complete our artificial lift product portfolio. And I think you’ll see more of a focus over the next year or so around capital allocation within engineered systems and our printing business. And we’ll give you more color on that at Dover Day.
Scott Davis – Barclays: Sure, I understand. My follow-up question is on printing and ID. When you think about electronics, obviously slowed down markedly for you guys. I mean, is it share changes kind of stopped here, or have you lost—you know, accentuating kind of that decline is maybe some share shift.
Robert Livingston: You’re asking about electronics?
Scott Davis – Barclays: Printing and ID, and specifically on electronics since that’s the one that bled the most.
Robert Livingston: Oh no, I do not believe we are dealing with any share loss at Markem-Imaje, I would say, in the last three quarters – in the last two quarters, for sure. 
Scott Davis – Barclays: So down 20%, is that—
Robert Livingston: At Markem-Imaje, we feel like we’ve got our stride back at Markem-Imaje, not only with the products and the service rates, but I would also tell you our margins, if they are not back to their historical levels of the past two or three years, they’re within just a few basis points of being there.
Scott Davis – Barclays: So down 20, just to follow up—I apologize for the follow-up, but down 20 is a much bigger number than we’ve seen historically in any of these sub-segments. I mean, is there some sort of inventory de-stock that’s occurred or something that kind of explains this? I mean, I’m having a tough time picturing that end market at the OE side being—you know, production being down a full 20.
Brad Cerepak: Are you talking about electronics, Scott?
Scott Davis – Barclays: Yes, sir. Yes, I am.
Robert Livingston: Well again, I would say it’s all electronics, and even to be more specific it’s probably much, much more weighted towards the semi and the solar part of the portfolio than it is our electronic assembly piece.
Scott Davis – Barclays: Okay. Fair enough. Okay, I’ll follow up with you guys offline. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning. I hate to be so predictable, but I just wanted to go back to Sound Solutions.
Robert Livingston: You’re very predictable, Nigel!
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Oh, always! So if I take your comments, Bob, that Sound Solutions could have year-over-year growth in 4Q, that’s—at least to the best of my numbers, that implies about $100 million of revenues.
Robert Livingston: Oh no, no. 
Brad Cerepak: Sequential growth.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Sequential growth – okay. I took that as a year-over-year.
Robert Livingston: No, no – sequential.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And is that, then, a good run rate for 2013, or would you expect sequentials to improve again into ’13?
Robert Livingston: No, if you’re asking a question, would I take fourth quarter times four and accept that as a good number for ’13, the answer is no. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Okay, no, that’s very clear. Okay. And then if we switch to the energy business, obviously we’ve seen a big divergence between production and drilling trends. You make very good margins in drilling. Does that create a mix issue as we go into 4Q and beyond?
Robert Livingston: Yes. I think we have shared this with the investor community in the past if you look at our three sectors in drilling and production and downstream, that we do have higher margins in our drilling activity than we do in production and downstream. Interestingly enough, Nigel, as we enter the fourth quarter, we actually see a bit of a sequential increase in drilling activity over the third quarter. It’s not significant, but we do see a bit of an increase. The third quarter, we did deal with year-over-year declines in rig count deployment, but we also think that what we were experiencing in the third quarter was a little bit of a squeeze out of inventory with our customers and within the channel. We happen to think that’s behind us right now.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And so the kind of—the crux of the question really is you had this huge mix issue in 3Q, yet you showed 20 BPs of margin expansion.
Robert Livingston: Okay, don’t label it as huge. There is a mix issue, but don’t label it as huge.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: I think drilling was down materially, wasn’t it? Down 10%?
Robert Livingston: Yeah, that sounds about right.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Okay, so therefore we shouldn’t be thinking about margins down in energy going forward?
Brad Cerepak: Not meaningfully.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Deane Dray of Citi Research.
Deane Dray – Citi Research: Thank you. Good morning everyone. I wanted to dig into a couple of the discretionary spending parts of your guidance, and it looks like you’re pulling back on some investment and compensation versus previous guidance, as well as corporate expense is less of a headwind. Maybe give us some color on what you’re pulling back in terms of discretionary spending.
Brad Cerepak: Well, I would say it’s really two things. It is tightening up a little bit around what I call pure discretionary spend – you know, the normal things you would expect in that bucket called travel and other types of consultant-type expenses. But fundamentally, the downward adjustment in our investment and compensation is compensation. It’s reflective of what our current guidance is now at versus where we were just 90 days ago.
Robert Livingston: Okay, let me be more specific. It’s variable comp being adjusted.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah.
Deane Dray – Citi Research: So how much of that would be over on the investment side? You’re suggesting it is not a big pullback there.
Robert Livingston: Negligible.
Deane Dray – Citi Research:  Okay. And then given the rally in the euro, you’re not big exposure there; but for the fourth quarter, what are you expecting FX and what’s the currency impact that you’re baking in?
Brad Cerepak: Well, our current view is it’s about 2% impact for total Dover for the whole year, and I think we were at 2% or so in the third quarter. I don’t see any real change in trajectory on that.
Deane Dray – Citi Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse. 
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot. Good morning. My first question was just around the net productivity benefits. When you did the call in July, you talked about around $0.27 of tailwind for the year; now it’s $0.22. And I guess I would have thought that with the book-to-bill being down year-on-year, with the second guidance cut the productivity savings should be going up as you’re taking out costs. So just a question around that.
Robert Livingston: Well before Brad gets into a number or two, I would tell you that probably the thing from my perspective that affects that the most is lower volume.
Brad Cerepak: And that really is it – it’s lower absorption on lower volume. That’s the only thing driving it. Our productivity efforts inside Dover actually have continued to accelerate in terms of the actual project work we’re doing in productivity to take cost out, and as Bob indicated, we continue to do what I would call very selective incremental restructurings which are a little bit more broad-based in the third quarter. What I mean by that is it’s across all of our segments, including DCT and others, and we continue to look for opportunities to take cost out. Those costs actually—we put those costs, we characterize those costs included in that number as well. So it’s a little bit of that, but mostly absorption on lower volume.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Okay, got it. Thanks. And then just the follow-up would be within printing and ID, the industrial business was down, I think, mid-single digits, stripping out currency in Q3. That is worse than what you had in Q2. You know, you called out Europe. Was Asia getting worse as well as we went through Q3, or it’s really just the European problem?
Robert Livingston: It would be mostly Europe, though let’s not ignore this – we are seeing some, call it weakening of the growth rate in China, and it is showing up in some of our businesses and it does affect this industrial piece.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Wherly of Janney Capital Markets.
Mike Wherly – Janney Capital Markets: Good morning guys. First off, I just wanted to ask how big a portion of Sound Solutions’ sales are still Nokia in the third quarter.
Robert Livingston:  Oh my. I’m looking at Brad. I don’t know that exact number, but I can take a guess, and I want to say it’s between 25 and 30%. 
Mike Wherly – Janney Capital Markets: Okay, and that’s down from almost 40 or so coming into the year?
Robert Livingston: Oh, coming into the year? No, I think it still may have been closer to 50% at the beginning of the year.
Brad Cerepak: If not a little higher.
Robert Livingston: If not a little higher.
Mike Wherly – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. And then follow-up on the wide range of guidance with just one quarter to go. Is that all from—I mean, is most of that just the volatility from the handset market that you talked about in December, or what’s the biggest reason for such a wide range with one quarter to go?
Robert Livingston: Well number one, I’ll agree with you – it is a wide range, and we spent a lot of time talking about this and debating this, as you would normally expect us to narrow that to a nickel. Let me give you some color. I will tell you that as we sit here today, we clearly are focused on achieving and hitting the top end of the range with respect to EPS. That is our target and that is our goal. As we came through the third quarter, September bookings were the lightest month of the quarter, and I don’t think it was an aberration. September bookings was the lightest month of the quarter, and that statement is true for three of our four segments, the one exception being communication technologies. That gives us a little bit of a pause and, I call it, increases the uncertainty level as we come into the fourth quarter. I’ve got a very short data point for you, and that’s after the first two weeks of this quarter, after the first two weeks of October, the order rates and activity would have us comfortable with a minimum of the midrange of our revenue guidance. So why do we have this sort of, you know, someone could say conservative safety net at the bottom end of the range? Part of that is the uncertainty we have around the month of December with respect to our handset business.  A couple of other points I would share with you is we exited the third quarter, if not with a record backlog, pretty darn close to it at Hill Phoenix. And the interesting characteristic on that backlog is a much higher percentage of their third quarter ending backlog is actually scheduled for first quarter delivery, enough so that it actually appears odd. And we have a little bit of a concern that there could be some further push-outs from the fourth quarter into the first quarter. Nothing has been signaled in the last two weeks; we just have a little bit of an elevated concern. And the third one, I would just say some unease and uncertainty around the macro environment in the fourth quarter.
Mike Wherly – Janney Capital Markets: Okay, thanks for that color. That helps a lot. 
Robert Livingston: Don’t lose track of my first two comments. From an earnings perspective, we are clearly targeted and focused on delivering the top end of the range.
Paul Goldberg: Next question, please? 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob McCarthy of Robert W. Baird. 
Mick Dobray – Robert W. Baird: Hello, this is Mick Dobray sitting in for Rob McCarthy. Good morning. I’d like to sort of stick with Hill Phoenix here. Can you provide a little more color about the drivers of that business, and apparently it’s performing quite well. How do you think about it going forward?  And then as a follow-up there, what is the impact of Hill Phoenix for engineered systems margins, and as that mix changes with Hill Phoenix continuing to hopefully do well, how should we think about incremental margin going forward?
Robert Livingston: Okay. So well, the first one’s a fairly broad question on Hill Phoenix, so let me try to give you some color on 2012 activity. We are seeing market growth in the North America served market in 2012. The data we would have, the latest data we would have would be through August. I don’t think we’ve seen September data yet, but the year-to-date August data would tell you that in the case business, the market’s up maybe 3 to 4 percentage points over last year. Our business has expanded this year greater than the market growth rate, and through August we think we’ve added maybe three or four points of market share. We continue to do quite well in our systems business as well as the case business.  This business is very much project driven and we can see some interesting changes from year to year when you look at first half versus second half in any given year. If you look at this year in our first half, revenue at HP—at Hill Phoenix was up 13, 14% - is that right, Brad? Thirteen or 14%? 
Brad Cerepak: Mm-hmm, yeah.
Robert Livingston: In the second half of 2012, it’s actually going to be down slightly versus the second half of 2011, and when I saw down slightly, 1%, 2%. But we are coming in pretty darn close, if not a bit better, than what our plan was for the year, and that’s just all project driven. You look at our prospects for 2013, and without jumping the gun because the guys at Hill Phoenix haven’t share with us their annual operating plan for ’13, but they expect and we do, too, that they would have another good solid growth year in 2013, and a lot of things going on in the market that they are participating in and winning. I guess your last question was on margins, and Brad, you’re going to have to help me. I would say that the Hill Phoenix margins are probably around the average for the segment.
Mick Dobray – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Then if I may, another follow-up – it’s more clarification on print and identification. If I’m looking at your guidance right, I guess it would imply flat revenue on a sequential basis in the fourth quarter. And if I’m right about that, I’m wondering how should we think about margin? Is roughly the 14% range still applicable on relatively flat revenue for the fourth quarter?
Robert Livingston: Okay, so help me here, Brad. I think at the top end of our range, what we have in for that segment is actually a little bit better than flat. I think it’s 1% growth in the fourth quarter year-over-year, and I don’t know—I can’t recall what the margin trend looks like.
Brad Cerepak: Well, I would just add on the margin trends for that segment and our other segments is that they’re going to follow pretty much the historical pattern for three of the four. DCT will be different, but I would expect DPI to come down slightly in the margin in Q4 based, really, on just mix of the business.
Paul Goldberg: Let’s take our final question now because I think an hour’s just about up. So can we have the final question, Paula?
Operator: And your final question comes from Nathan Jones of Stifel Nicolaus. 
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning guys. I thought we could just go back to the order trends that you saw in September there, would September normally be the softest month for orders in the quarter?
Robert Livingston:  Well, you have to look at some of the parts. It is not unusual for Hill Phoenix to see September as their weakest order month of the quarter, simply because their business activity tends to soften a bit in the latter part of the year versus the first part of the year. But when you pull Hill Phoenix out of the order book and look at everything else, you typically don’t see a decline in September order rates versus July and August, and we did. As I said before, we did in three of the four segments. I’m not talking about a large number, but it was enough of a pattern there that it was noticeable.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Is there some overarching theme in why you think September was softer, ex-Hill Phoenix, or is it discrete related to each individual business?
Robert Livingston: No, I’m labeling it more as a reflection of the macro environment.
Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And if I could just get one more in on the balance sheet – your accounts payable was up a good bit, and inventory was pretty flat sequentially despite heading into a seasonally slower revenue quarter. Can you talk about what’s driving that, and if there’s any actions you’re talking to address that?
Brad Cerepak: Yes. I would say our working capital, generally speaking, was a little bit higher than we normally would have expected at this time of the year. I think it came in roughly—our calculation comes in at about 20%, and normally we’re between 18 and 19 at this stage. So a lot of that is just timing, timing on collections of receivables and timing of some of the payables. The payables are linked to our CAPEX spend, so you will see a little bit of abnormal-type move in payables, but nothing significant there. Our focus is to continue to execute on working capital in the fourth quarter, and our expectations are we’ll bring that back to our historical 18 to 19% level.
Nathan Jones- Stifel Nicolaus: Perfect, thanks guys.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks everyone. This concludes our conference call. With that, we want to thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we definitely look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Have a good day. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for your participation and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Second Quarter 2012 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer, Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO, and Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jacquie. Good morning and welcome to Dover's second quarter earnings call. Today's call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's second quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the balance of 2012. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 1st, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following access code. 98721212. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Before I get to our second quarter results, I would like to share a few observations on the changes we saw in the macro environment during the quarter. We entered the second quarter knowing, we were dealing with some modest challenges in Europe and a slowing economy in China. The decline in Europe was greater than our expectations. These weaker conditions were felt most notably within our Fluids platform and our Printing & Identification segment. With respect to China, we experienced some of the effects of a slowing export market in a few of our businesses. Our U.S. markets held quite well, namely, refrigeration and food equipment, industrial, energy, commercial aerospace and life sciences. Now, let me provide some comments on our second quarter results. We posted revenue of $2.2 billion in the quarter, an increase of 8%. Our second quarter EPS of $1.15 was a slight improvement over the prior year adjusted EPS. In our Energy segment, we continued to see growth across our end markets with production in downstream being the strongest. As a result, we posted strong organic revenue growth in the quarter. As I have shared with you before, while rig count has flattened, market dynamics provide a solid environment for our products and services. These dynamics include the ongoing shift from gas to oil, oil prices supporting continued CapEx for production and a strengthening downstream market. We expect Energy results to remain solid for the balance of the year. At our Communication Technology segment, we saw the continuation of a strong smartphone market as well as solid commercial aerospace and life science markets. Telecom markets remained weak. The highway was 25% organic growth in our MEM sales to the handset market in the second quarter and we expect even stronger MEMS performance in the second half. Although results at Sound Solutions continue to be significantly impacted by further OEM share shifts, I was especially encouraged by increasing order rates on new design wins in the quarter and expect shipments at Sound Solutions to accelerate through the second half. Within our Engineered Systems segment, refrigeration and food equipment markets were solid as were most of our U.S. industrial end markets. Regarding our Fluids platform. The strong start for Maag Pump was offset by a weaker Europe and China. The result for this segment was lower than anticipated revenue in fluids, largely offset by 8% revenue growth in refrigeration and food equipment. Going forward, we believe second half results in refrigeration will remain solid on the strength of an active remodeling market, our leading technology and our customers' continued focus on energy efficiency. Our U.S. industrial markets which account for 65% of segment revenue should be rather stable. Within our Printing & Identification segment, we continue to see a weak, but improving market for electronics equipment. Within our consumer goods and industrial markets, our focus on new products, channel expansion and service is making a difference. Markem-Imaje this results in a 5% organic growth excluding the impact of currency, a strong result in North America and modest growth in China offset a weak Europe. We expect improved results in the back half of the year driven by new product launches, normal seasonality and the benefits of our first half restructuring activities. Overall, the strength of our businesses enabled Dover to deliver segment margin of 16.7% in the quarter, inclusive of $11 million of restructuring and deal cost. We ended the quarter with a book-to-bill of 0.99. I was pleased with our free cash flow generation in the second quarter as it improved 30% over the prior year period. Our teams continue to focus on working capital management and lean activity. Our acquisition pipeline remains active and we remain highly disciplined on valuation. The opportunities in front of us are all strategic add-ons, highly synergistic and offer strong integration opportunities. In summary, I believe our second half will be stronger than the first as revenue in our handset businesses will be up significantly. I also expect solid contribution from our businesses serving the oil production, downstream energy, fast-moving consumer goods and U.S. industrial markets. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on Slide 3. Today, we reported second quarter revenue of $2.2 billion comprised of 3% organic growth and acquisition growth of 7%, offset in part by a 2% unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. Earnings per share was $1.15. This result was below our expectations, primarily due to a $0.07 impact from a weaker Europe and unfavorable foreign exchange. After adjusting for $0.12 of tax benefit in the second quarter of 2011, EPS improved 1% over the prior year. Segment margin for the quarter was 16.7%, a decline of 140 basis points. This result reflects solid performance in energy offset by lower volume in Printing and identification, volume declines and cost associated with new design wins at Sound Solutions and mix within Engineered Systems. We also absorbed nearly $11 million of restructuring and deal cost in the quarter. Absent these costs, segment margin would have been 17.2%. Bookings increased 9% over last year to $2.1 billion, reflecting double-digit growth in energy and communication technologies and a solid growth in Engineered Systems. In Printing and Identification, bookings decreased 7%, or stable order rates in our consumer goods markets were offset by tough comps in our electronics markets. Overall, book-to-bill finished at 0.99. Backlog grew 12% to $1.7 billion. In the second quarter, we generated $178 million of free cash flow or 8% of revenue, an increase of $45 million over the prior year. We expect free cash flow for the year to be around 10% of revenue. Now turning to Slide 4, which shows our revenue growth. Organic growth remained strong at Energy, achieving 14% in the quarter. Engineered Systems and Communication Technologies, both grew by 4% driven by refrigeration and food equipment, commercial aerospace and handset markets. Printing and Identification was down 10%. For the quarter, acquisition growth at Communication Technologies was 22%. Energy and Engineered Systems, both posted acquisition growth of 6% led by our recently completed deals PCS, and Maag, respectively. Turning to slide five and our sequential results. Revenue increased 5% from the first quarter with all four segments showing sequential growth. Engineered systems increased 8%, primarily driven by refrigeration, food equipment and acquisitions. Printing and Identification increased 5% with all markets except the silver portion of electronics showing sequential improvement. Communication Technologies and Energy, both increased 1%. In Energy, production in downstream markets performed well, sequentially. Bookings decreased 2%, sequentially from the first quarter. Growth of 7% at Communication technologies was led by the handset market. Sequential bookings growth of 3% at Printing and Identification was broad based. Engineered Systems' bookings declined 3%, sequentially, largely impacted by the timing of refrigeration orders and continued weakness in the refuse vehicle portion of our industrial markets. Energy bookings declined 9%, primarily driven by moderating North American rig count, Canadian spring thaw and large international orders in the first quarter. Now on slide six. Communication technologies posted revenue of $362 million, an increase of 25% over the prior year. These results reflect strong MEMS, commercial aerospace and life sciences activities partially offset by weak telecom markets. Sound Solutions volume accounted for 22 points of the revenue growth. Earnings of $50 million were down 8% and segment margin was 13.9%, a decrease of 500 basis points. Adjusting for Sound Solutions, margin would have been 20.8% in the quarter. We continue to expect segment margin to improve in the second half on the anticipated benefits of higher volume. Bookings were 383 million, an increase of 24%. This growth was largely driven by our handset market book-to-bill finished at 1.06. Now, turning to slide seven. Energy revenue increased 19% to $539 million, while earnings increased 21% to $134 million. Energy produced another strong quarter as the average North American rig count was up 6% from last year and oil prices remained constructive for continued production. Although rig count remained flat sequentially, we continue to benefit from several factors, including approximately 70% of active rigs dedicated to oil as well as a solid downstream market. As was the case last quarter, we saw year-over-year growth across all end markets led by production. Operating margin was 24.9%, a 60 basis point improvement from last year. Bookings were 530 million, a 12% increase over the prior year book-to-bill was 0.98. Now on Slide 8. Engineered Systems sales were $886 million, an increase of 8% year-over-year. Earnings improved 4% to $134 million. Fluid Solutions grew 19% to 212 million, benefitting from recent acquisitions while Refrigeration Industrial grew 4% to $675 million. In our Fluids platform organic revenue was down 4%, due primarily to a weaker Europe. Operating margin was 15.1%, a decrease of 50 basis points from the prior year. This performance included roughly 100 basis points of incremental acquisition and amortization costs. Bookings were 870 million, an increase of 9% resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.98. Our Fluid Solutions platform bookings increased 16% to $204 million, while Refrigeration Industrial was up 7% to $666 million. Book-to-bill for Fluid solutions was 0.96, and Refrigeration Industrial was 0.99. Bookings at Fluids Solutions included 21% acquisition growth while Refrigeration Industrial was principally led by our businesses serving food, equipment and U.S. industrial markets. Now, let's turn to Slide 9. Printing and Identification revenue was $370 million, a decrease of 14% from the prior year. Earnings decreased 39% to $42 million. The revenue decline reflects the expected continued weakness in our electronics' markets as compared to a very strong prior year, a weak Europe as well as unfavorable foreign exchange. The solar and semi exposure of our electronics market now about 16% of revenue was down approximately $47 million year-over-year. That aside our consumer goods and industrial markets continued to perform well. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, organic growth and consumer goods and industrial end markets was 5%. Operating margin declined 450 basis points to 11.3%, reflecting significantly lower volume in electronics and $5 million of restructuring cost and continued strategic investments. The restructuring actions taken in the quarter are to better align our global footprint with higher growth geographic markets. Also, our investments in sales and service are yielding benefits in the form of year-over-year growth in North America and Asia. Bookings were $358 million, a decrease of 7% from last year. In the consumer goods and industrial markets, bookings increased 3%, book-to-bill ended at 0.97. Now on Slide 10. First quarter net interest expense and corporate expense were generally in line with expectations. Our second quarter tax rate was 27.5%. This rate was slightly higher than our prior forecast and largely impacted by mix of geographic earnings. Now, turning to Slide 11, and our 2012 revenue guidance. We now expect full year revenue growth of 8% to 10%. Organic growth is estimated to be 3% to 5%, and completed acquisitions adding around 5%. Breaking down revenue growth by segment. We expect Communication Technologies growth to be 17% to 18% for the year about five percentage points lower than our last guidance. This forecast is comprised of 7% to 8% organic growth and 10% from acquisitions. The main drivers of this revision are primarily OEM share shifts and timing of orders at Sound Solutions. Energy growth is expected to be in the range of 15% to 16%. Organic growth is largely unchanged at 10% to 11%. Acquisition growth will be around 5%. Engineered Systems is forecasted to grow 9% to 10%. Organic growth is down roughly 1.5 points to 3% to 4% from our prior guidance on a weaker Europe and a slowing China market, acquisitions at 6%. Lastly, in Printing and Identification, a weak Europe including unfavorable foreign exchange and a more conservative outlook on electronics is driving our organic revenue forecast down six points. We now expect revenue to decline 7% to 8.5% as compared to the prior year. Moving onto slide 12, which shows our full year guidance. As previously mentioned, we now expect revenue to be in the range of 8% to 10%. Corporate expense, interest expense and CapEx remain substantially unchanged. We now expect our 2012 tax rate to be around 27%. Based on the above, we expect full year earnings per share from continuing operations to be $4.70 to $4.85. This guidance reflects a $0.125 reduction from our prior forecast at mid-point. This change primarily reflects a $0.15 reduction related to Europe, China and unfavorable foreign exchange. Now, let's turn to the earnings bridge on slide 13. As a reminder, 2011 EPS was $4.26 after adjusting for $0.22 of discrete tax benefits. Volume mix and price will contribute roughly $0.28 to $0.37 for the full year while net productivity will add $0.22 to $0.32. Investment and compensation is now $0.08 to $0.14, reduced by $0.11 from our forecast. We expect completed acquisitions to deliver roughly $0.03 to $0.05 for the year, down from our prior forecast. This revision largely reflects the timing of orders and OEM share shifts at Sound Solutions. Interest expense, share count and our tax rate should yield a $0.01 benefit, down slightly from our prior forecast, largely driven by slightly higher tax rate. The net result is EPS growth of 12% over our adjusted 2011 EPS at the mid-point. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Bob for some final comments.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As I mentioned upfront, I am convinced that our second half will be stronger than our first half. Our participation in the handset market, our production in downstream energy businesses and our businesses serving the vast moving consumer goods and U.S. industrial markets will lead the way. I expect Dover's second half revenue to be up about 7%, sequentially, and anticipate solid leverage on the increased volume. As always, our teams are focused on programs and initiatives to reduce cost and increase productivity. As I look beyond 2012, I remain confident in our positions and our five key growth basis. I am convinced our play and the energy, fluids, refrigeration and food equipment, product identification and communication components offer growth opportunities built on technology leadership, geographic expansion and commitment to our customers. In closing, I would like to thank our entire Dover teams for their hard work and dedication. Their focus on servicing customers and achieving results will continue to drive Dover's success. With that, Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thank, Bob. Before we take questions, I just want to remind everybody if can limit yourself to one question with a follow-up, we'll be better able to get more questions. So with that, Jacquie, can we have our first question?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Barclays.
Scott Davis: Guys, I know this is kind of a tough question to answer I am guessing. But, when you look at Comm Tech. and your book-to-bill 1.06. I mean, how do you see that kind of guessing that's a little bit better than you thought it would be for the quarter, but when you think about 3Q, is this something that ramps up and continues to improve from here and to what magnitude do you think?
Bob Livingston: Well, the driver in the second half is going to be very similar to what we saw driving the strong book-to-bill in the second quarter and it is going to be around our handset business both, Knowles and Sound Solutions. Maybe Brad has the number. I can't recall what the book-to-bill is in the second half for our handset business, but I know it's very positive.
Scott Davis: Okay. When you think about Sound Solutions, I mean at what point do you call a text, I guess or how close are we to that?
Bob Livingston: Well, I'm not going to label it fixed until we are performing like we expected this business to perform at the time of the acquisition, so I think you are going to see some trends here in the second half of the year with a much stronger fourth quarter than third quarter. It is going to accelerate during the second half. Brad can probably correct me here on my answer, but I think sequentially as we look at Sound Solutions coming out of the second quarter, the revenue expectations in the third quarter are up about 20% to 25%, and another sequential improvement in revenue in the fourth quarter of additional 20% to 25%. And, Scott, I think by the time we get to the end of the third quarter and the fourth quarter, we are going to start to see the operating margins of this business set the base for what we will expect in 2013, which I think will be very reflective of the business performance on this business that we expected when we made the acquisition, so you asked a very important question had we seen the trough. I think we have.
Scott Davis: Fair enough. Good answer. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning, guys.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Bob.
Robert McCarthy: I'm just a little bit confused about the components of the change and outlook of communications technology. The 11 to 13 that goes down to 7 to 8, how much of that is a function of more adverse currency translation and how much of that is the change in the actual organic outlook?
Brad Cerepak: I would say, you are talking about Comm Tech in particular, it's very negligible, very small impact in currency in that particular segment or segments on currency that impacted the most are DBS and DPI, on foreign currency. The whole move down on DZT is really related to Sound Solutions.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. As opposed to, in terms of its organic contribution, second half of the year.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. Exactly. As you know, when we turned the first year of ownership, we put it into organic, so we are seeing now our last forecast the decline in Sound Solutions of approximately let's say $80 million in the second half, and the way to think about that, we've been chasing no key and rimmed down the whole year, big share of that over 50% of that revised forecast is due to continue what we call these OEM share shifts, where we are seeing losses of volume, continued loses in volume in Nokia and RIM and some other smaller handset providers. Then again, the other piece of that is really timing related to how we see the launch coming now as we are in launch in phase and how we see that launch progressing the third quarter into the fourth.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. Thank you. That's very helpful. Then again, in terms of the actual blocking and tackling. My recollection is that you expected to bring two of the new lines up in the quarter and it would leave you one more to do in the third? Do I have that right and are we still on that track? And, is there any change in progress just in terms of executing the transition of manufacturing?
Bob Livingston: I would label this after quarter as being successful at Sound Solutions with respect to our automation projects. It actually may be signed off today, Rob, by the time we closed the month of July, we will have five of our new lines not just turned over to manufacturing, but signed off on by our customers. Pretty good.
Robert McCarthy: Okay.
Bob Livingston: So, I am very positive with the progress we made in the second quarter on that activity.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. Then if I can follow-up. Just two quickly in terms of Printing and ID, I think I got the message that your outlook in fast-moving consumer goods is essentially unchanged. A quarter ago, you were talking about expectations for high single digit growth there. Except any impact from currency has that changed any material way?
Bob Livingston: My answer is no. Brad may have something more definitive, but the impact you are seeing is primarily FX.
Robert McCarthy: In the shortfall it's concentrated in the electronic sector. I understood that. I just want to make sure that your outlook for fast moving consumer good was essentially unchanged.
Bob Livingston: Essentially unchanged.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Wondering if you could just put a final point on a couple of points, I'd appreciate the info so far, so if we think about Nokia and RIM coming down about.
Brad Cerepak: Jeff, come a little closer to the phone.
Jeff Sprague: Can you hear me little better now?
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Jeff Sprague: Can you give us a sense of where Nokia and RIM are now or what percent of your handset sales?
Brad Cerepak: No. I can't give you an exact number. I do know that it's less than 20% in the second half. I don't think it's less than 15%, so I am giving you a range. It's between 15% and 20%, but I actually don't know the exact number, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: That's the second half.
Brad Cerepak: Second half. And, if I had to take a guess on this, I am doing some recall here. If I need to take a guess for the second quarter, it was probably high teens.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. Maybe those teens in Q2, it probably should be lot more in 15% to 20% in the second half, right?
Bob Livingston: It might be closer to the 15 number, Jeff. I know it's less than 20.
Jeff Sprague: Then if we think about what you expect for ongoing profitability for Sound Solutions. If even margins were 20-ish in 2011, clearly you would have expected the margins to come down on investment spending, purchase accounting and all those sorts of things but just remind us where you do think Sound Solutions' margins can kind of normalize once you get on the other side of this investment spend and this remixing of the portfolio is behind you.
Bob Livingston: We are still convinced that once we get into a steady state with this business that our operating margin should be in the mid-20s. I think help me here, Brad. I think as we look at the second half of 2012, the outlook we have now for the fourth quarter, the operating margins are probably going to be in the mid-to-high teens. I think Brad wants to clarify.
Brad Cerepak: Mid-teens in the second half, and I would just want to clarify that when Bob says operating EBIT, that's creating the step-ups.
Jeff Sprague: Okay.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah.
Jeff Sprague: And then finally, what are you thinking on share purchase? Obviously, unfortunately the stock has not been great this year. You've got a lot of liquidity. It doesn't look like you did anything in Q2 and as it was late in the quarter, what's your thought process there?
Brad Cerepak: It's a discussion topic, but I have nothing to announce, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling: Thanks. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Morning, Terry.
Brad Cerepak: Morning, Terry.
Terry Darling: Bob or Brad, I wonder if you talk about the second half organic revenue growth outlook for the energy division. I think the guidance might imply 4% or 5% year-over-year growth. I wonder if you can give us a little color by drilling production downstream on that assumption and then also given the book-to-bill is sub-1, why do you think we can get some positive organic growth in the second half?
Bob Livingston: Brad may have the year-over-year comps for the second half. What's forefront in my thinking is right now is sequentially, so let me response sequentially.
Terry Darling: Okay.
Bob Livingston: With the three sectors, drilling, production then downstream. Drilling, I hope we are being conservative, but we are actually putting in into the guidance that our drilling activity will be down in the second half versus the first half modestly. I think 2% or 3%. Production remains fairly strong, Terry. I don't remember now what the number is, but I think it's about 8% second half over the first half in production. Some of that is through the benefit of the acquisition we made in, what was it? I guess, April of PCS, and some of the big chunk of the growth in the second half is actually from our international activity. Downstream, I think that's also about 8% or 9% sequential growth in the second half. Strong activity in downstream right now.
Terry Darling: And what is the book-to-bill sub-1 worry a little bit with regards to the overall total organic outlook in the second half? Is there more production in downstream business? It just doesn't run through the orders in the backlog, or is it something else?
Bob Livingston: I would say that the negative in the second quarter, book-to-bill at energy, we always deal with the Canadian strength. Some years that gets highlighted and some years it doesn't, but it was very real here in the second quarter, and I think in the drilling activity, we did see some moderation of orders in the early part of the quarter, especially April, little bit better order rates in June, but I think the whole decline in orders from what the expectation would have been in the second quarter would be able to (Inaudible) and some moderation activity in drilling.
Terry Darling: Okay. Then in the Q, you mentioned some signs of life in the telecom piece within communication technologies. I wonder if you can elaborate on that.
Bob Livingston: Help me again here, Brad. I think that comment may deal with booking activity. Our bookings in the first, I'm going to say two-thirds of the quarter, April and May were actually fairly positive and gave us some positive comps year-over-year in bookings. I can't say the same about June. June was soft again, but for the quarter the activity was up in telecom. It's not reflected in our revenue in the second quarter. We are expecting a little bit better second half at our telecom than we had in revenue in the second quarter.
Terry Darling: Okay. Then just jumping back over to PID and the outlook for margin improvement in the second half. Obviously, the second quarter you called out the $5.5 million or so restructuring impact there, but second half guidance is still got big margins probably moving into what the mid-teens or something like that and is that new product effect and how should we think about the risk reward around that assumption given the uncertainty in Europe.
Brad Cerepak: Well, I would like to think we have discounted Europe appropriately here as we look at Product ID. You've got two label in structural items in the second half that are providing some windage to the margin and that is the restructuring activity we've taken here in the first half. We'll capture some of the benefits of that in the second half of the year. We've been sharing with you for the maybe the past year our increased investment activity in sales and customer service activity. That continued to expand during the first half. I would label the second half as being rather flat with that spend activity.
Terry Darling: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Hi, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: Bob, could you maybe switch gears and talk about the U.S. It looked like we saw some weakening from a macro level in June. Can you maybe talk about what you saw in June and going into July?
Bob Livingston: Just with the U.S.?
Nigel Coe: Within U.S. Yeah.
Bob Livingston: Nigel, I think we've called this out. I think, Brad called it out in his prepared comments. Our U.S. industrial activity has held up quite well in their first half. Maybe with the exception and this is where it think Brad called it out in a refuse market, but if you look at business grow across the board from all of this to the refrigeration and food equipment business activity, the activity continue to be strong during the quarter as we ended the quarter and the early read in July as order activities continue to be fairly healthy here in July.
Nigel Coe: Okay, so sounds like nothing surprise you to downside.
Bob Livingston: Nothing surprised us in the second quarter. Engineered Systems and as I had in my prepared comments, we're expecting our U.S. markets to be stable in the second half.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Then you talked about the Sound Solutions listen to the forecast in the second half of the year. You referenced some OEM share mixes, but then you also referenced about timing on shipments, which I am assuming is timing on some of the new platforms. If something happens in terms of the supply chain or intelligence that you had from your customers suggests that there's no platforms now later in the year than you had expected?
Bob Livingston: Well, you've got two questions there. Supply chain and then the launch of the platforms. The launch of the platforms are probably at least month or six weeks later than we were expecting three or four months ago. We also have heard some of the noise and the chatter about supply chain constraints with some of the product platforms that are being launched, but it's hard to point anything specific, Nigel. We hear the same chatter that I am sure you do.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then just finally, FX. Can you just tell us what you are using for planning in the second half of the year, and maybe if you just call out, Brad, what the guidance looks like by segment axe FX.
Brad Cerepak: Okay. Well, first on FX. In our previous guide, we were about around €34. We're about €122 in this particular forecast. It cost us in terms of our growth rate total Dover at about 0.06, 0.07 of FX impact. To put that in dollar terms, point to point at the mid-point, just to clarify the thing we've been talking about, we're down about $180 million or so at the mid-point of our revenue guidance range. A piece of that or let's say $50 million of that give or take a few dollars is FX. $50 million of it is the Europe and slowing China, and the rest remaining to be Sound Solution.
Bob Livingston: About 80.
Brad Cerepak: As it relates by segment, most of the FX is in DPI. DPI was negative 2 to start in our earlier guide in the year, down negative 4. And then a little bit in DES, where you get about a 0.5 impact on FX related to their European-based business mainly in pumps by the way and in the [business].
Nigel Coe: Okay. And just a clarification, so the 3% to 5% organic, if we take out FX, that's more like what 5%?
Bob Livingston: If we take out FX, FX is 2 for the year.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Great. Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Just curious on the dynamics of the third and fourth quarter. You've been giving a lot of good detail on first half to second half, but your bookings were I guess 2.14 in the second quarter, and your sales have somewhat tracked your bookings. I mean, you are not that long cycle in nature, so maybe it's got two to three month lead time, so I am just curious usually you have a decent performance from 2Q to 3Q, but the bookings are kind of down sequentially. Is the difference there, can you just maybe talk about that walk and I guess, will everything kind of perform seasonally with the exception of this ramp in Comm. Tech and I guess on the ram in Comm. Tech it sounds like that's little more fourth quarter weighted than third quarter?
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, let's see. We've got three or four questions there, so let's.
Brad Cerepak: Maybe I'll start backward, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Yes.
Brad Cerepak: For Sound Solutions, the answer is the definite yes. The fourth quarter is heavier than the third quarter on revenue and contribution margin obviously. That's not true. That's not true in our MEMS business. I think we've got a fairly even spread in the second half between third quarter and fourth quarter with the total Knowles business. The other part of your question was around seasonality?
Steve Tusa: Yes.
Brad Cerepak: The only difference in the second half of this year with respect to seasonality would be around the Comm. Tech part of the business and it is interesting. Just because of the timing of these product launches, Steve, historically we've always looked at the Knowles MEMS business is being 45% in the first half and 55% in the second half, and historically that's where you can sort of lay the revenue waterfall during the year because of the strong product launches in the second half. It's probably closer to 40.60, and that's a significant change. Beyond that, you are not going to see any other differences in our seasonality. We still look at a seasonably weaker quarter from Hill PHOENIX in their fourth quarter than we do the proceeding three quarters and I am not sure if there is any other business in Dover that has such a strong seasonal trends, HP.
Steve Tusa: Right. So, we basically the bookings for this quarter and then add on what we kind of figure out for the ramp at the Comm. Tech business everything else should be kind of track the bookings pretty closely.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. Now, let's see. Maybe I can give you a little bit more detail on that and I'll comment, I shared with you in my prepared comments that the second half revenue, we see it being up about 7%, sequentially. Those 7 points, so even better. 1.5 of that is coming from acquisitions that were made in the first half of the year. That's primarily the Maag and PCS, but that's 1.5% of the 7%.
Steve Tusa: Okay, and then you are not going to give us.
Brad Cerepak: Half of the 7 points.
Steve Tusa: And then you are not going to give us the 2Q to 3Q. Just seems like it's pretty fourth quarter. Just to make sure our models are right, because there are a lot of moving part heading into fourth quarter.
Brad Cerepak: Steve, I don't have that data in front of me. But, I will comment. Again, on this seven-point sequential growth in the second half, half of that is coming from our handset business.
Steve Tusa: Right. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks a lot. I just wanted to follow-up on the Printing and ID business in terms of the, obviously the decremental margins in the first half very strong sort of 40% or 50%. It sounds like that they actually little bit better in the second half because of the absence of the year-on-year effect of increased spending, but could you just clarify a little bit how you expect the margins to tend in the second half when you take the combination of less investment spending and some cost savings starting to come back?
Bob Livingston: Well, I know the number. I have in memory, Brad is looking at me to make sure I give you the right number, but I think sequentially second half over the first half just within, you asked about segment or you asked about MI?
Julian Mitchell: Yes. Segment Printing and ID overall. Yeah.
Bob Livingston: Okay. What is it about 350 basis points, Brad? Second half versus first half?
Brad Cerepak: Yes. About that. For an average, yes.
Bob Livingston: Yes. About 350 basis points improvement in the second half. Most of that is coming from Markem-Imaje. We are seeing a little bit of an increase in margins in the second half from our electronics businesses, but it's very modest.
Julian Mitchell: Okay. Thanks. And then on Markem-Imaje, specifically, could you talk a little bit about what trends you are seeing in different regions? I think back in early June, you talked about Northern Europe slowing a little bit. It's about business China was still good. How are things looking right now?
Bob Livingston: You're referring to the second quarter?
Julian Mitchell: Yes, so just the trends you've seen in recent weeks or months and how you think about the second half by region after Markem-Imaje?
Bob Livingston: Second quarter we had our strongest growth region in the second quarter was actually North America. Actually to be more specific was actually U.S. I think our second strongest growth region and it was high single digit growth in the U.S. Our second growth area in the second quarter was China. Brad, I want to say it was mid-single digit, 5%, 6% in China?
Julian Mitchell: Yes.
Bob Livingston: Europe was down. Gosh, I don't remember. How do I pull out FX from this? I think organically, MI was probably a couple of points maybe one point in Europe, in the second quarter and the rest were about as expected or as you would expect. Second half, I don't think the growth rates are any different in the second half than what we were experiencing in the second quarter. Julian
Mitchell: Okay. Thanks. And then finally just on your China business overall, I mean you've referenced the slowing there a couple of times on this call. Are you seeing any change in demand conditions or something getting excited because certain time calling a turn and so just. What are you seeing in China?
Bob Livingston: Well, we talk about it internally and it's really the tale of two different industries in China, or the business activity in China that is in support of what I call the China export machine. It has been weak in the second quarter and it weakened during the quarter. You would see a little bit of that impact at Markem-Imaje and some of the verticals that they support and service really geared towards the export activity. You would see some of that lower activity in our pumps business in some of the verticals they support. You would see this in our Electronics equipment business. In the parts of our business and in the verticals we serve that I would label as domestic consumption, the activity held up fairly well during the second quarter. As far as your other comment, some people calling it a turn now in the second quarter, I'm not willing to do that yet. I think we've taken a rather cautious outlook for China in the second half.
Mitchell: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Morning.
Shannon O'Callaghan: On sound solutions in terms of this timing and share shift stuff, I mean does that mean obviously the second half is $18 million lower, does that mean the exit rate for the year is lower do we ramp further into first half of '13 to get to where you thought you were going to be or is it the whole number just reset lower now?
Bob Livingston: So, the question is our fourth quarter outlook lower than it was 90 days ago for Sound Solutions. The answer is yes. Brad commented earlier that our outlook for Sound Solutions, we've taken $80 million of revenue out of the second half forecast. I am not sitting here who is doing a recall on how that split between the third and the fourth quarter, but I do believe the bulk of it was in the third quarter, but not all of that, so the fourth quarter hit a little bit lower. We're looking at an exit rate here fourth quarter revenue forecast for Sound Solutions, somewhere around $110 million. If you want to annualize that, Shannon, I would expect that to be what I call the absolute base line for 2013, and I will tell you our expectations are going to be it will be hard.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. And then maybe just a question on M&A. I mean, you did really actually ramped the buyback in the quarter, I think. Right? I mean, it was around 3.5 times that you did in the first quarter, or lot more than you guys have done in a while, so I am just.
Bob Livingston: Recall that 1.6 million shares or so related to the shares we issued in connection with the PCS acquisition.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay.
Bob Livingston: So, we went right back into the market and bought those shares back. Think about that as really an acquisition cost.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. So, as you think about the M&A pipeline out there in terms of what could be out there relative to attractiveness of buy back or on stock here. I am just wondering how you are thinking about that trade-off?
Bob Livingston: There is a trade-off. As I commented earlier, it is. The share repurchase topic is getting a lot of discussion, but I have no announcement to share with you.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay.
Brad Cerepak: But I think, I would just add to that as Bob put in his commentary, maybe our focus has shifted a little bit, Shannon, to highly integrative bolt-on deals and price discipline and that's key, I think. That's a key thought process that.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Yes. Any further color on that I guess would be, don't expect us in the second half of this year to announce a large acquisition.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. So, any deals would be fairly small, easily integrated bolt-ons?
Bob Livingston: I don't think we have anything in our pipeline that has any likelihood of closing in the second half of the year. Help me here, Brad. That would be greater than $250 million.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. Well, roughly speaking.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nathan Jones with Stifel Nicolaus.
Nathan Jones: Good morning, Brad, Bob.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Nathan Jones: Still a pretty strong quarter for bookings in refrigeration and in industrial, but it was probably below the normal seasonal increase in those businesses. Can you talk about the drivers? What impacts with the benefit of you think would weather in the first quarter that might have had in pulling demand forward. What impact the economic uncertainty is having and what your expectations are for the back half of the year?
Bob Livingston: I am not sure I can label any activity in the first quarter as a go forward related to weather. With maybe one possible exception and it's just hard to know. It's all supposition. We had a very, very strong start to the year at Hill PHOENIX, and I don't remember the comps from the first quarter but good news. I think books in the first quarter were up 16%, 17%, 18%?
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Bob Livingston: Over the first quarter of last year. Again, we had a very, very strong start. Second quarter revenue at Hill PHOENIX is probably what, Brad, up? 9% or 10%? 9% or 10% over the second quarter of last year. I would label that the Hill PHOENIX market activity and the Hill PHOENIX business activity has been quite strong in the first half. I'm not sure any of us could point to anything else within Engineered Systems that could either be remotely labeled as a go forward of activity into the first quarter.\
Nathan Jones: Okay. Then just jumping over the balance sheet. Inventory seems to be getting up to reasonably higher levels. Can you talk about what's driving that build? Whether it's primarily related to Comm. Tech versus other areas where inventories building to satisfy back half demand or maybe if the downturn in Europe caught you with too much inventory and if you are satisfied with where the inventory levels are.
Bob Livingston: I would say it's more normal seasonality, a little bit related to acquisitions, but there is nothing unusual about the working capital, nor the inventory in the quarter based up on what we normal think. So, in other words, I think our working capital as a percent of sales is roughly around 17.92% of sales and that's historically about where we would expect to be, so we'll sit here today with a feeling that we have excess inventories in any particular area of any significance.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jacquie. This concludes our conference call. With that, we thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thank you very much for your participation. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the second quarter 2012 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Livingston - President and CEO Brad Cerepak - SVP and CFO Paul Goldberg - VP IR
Analysts: Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs John Inch - Bank of America Scott Davis - Barclays Capital Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Jim Lucas - Janney Capital Markets Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer, Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO and Paul Goldberg, VP of Investor Relations. After the speakers opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Maria. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s first quarter earnings call. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s first quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the balance of 2012. We will then open the call up for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 2nd and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 68614955. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. We are off to a very solid start this year with first quarter revenue and segment earnings both up 14% over last year. Organic revenue growth was 9%. We delivered first quarter EPS of $1.05, a 19% improvement over the prior year adjusted EPS.  These results illustrate the strength of our business mix and reflect the positive portfolio changes we've made over the last three years.  In our Energy segment, we continued to see strong activity across all end markets, with double-digit sequential order growth. Market dynamics including the ongoing shift from gas to oil remained very positive for us and we anticipate the strength in this segment to continue.  Within our Engineered Systems segment, our refrigeration and food equipment businesses had a great quarter capitalizing on strong customer service and product innovation. We saw strong seasonal increase in bookings in refrigeration and our well positioned to have an outstanding year.  Fluids and our other industrial businesses also performed very well. The fluids' performance was driven by the significant investments we've made the last several quarters. Solid business trends continue as bookings grew nicely. I am very pleased with the first quarter performance in Engineered Systems and am confident they'll have a great year.  At our Communication Technology segment, we saw a solid life science and commercial aerospace markets and strong MEMS microphone activity in the first quarter. We continued to ramp production at Sound Solutions and expand capacity at Knowles. We anticipate a stronger back half of the year as Knowles and Sound Solutions benefit from new design wins connected with anticipated OEM product releases.  Within our Printing and Identification segment, the new products introduced by the Markem-Imaje team are winning in the marketplace. We believe our new products coupled with our stronger sales and service organization has enabled us to grow even in slower markets. We will continue to invest in products and people to draw a stronger global growth at Markem-Imaje.  Overall, I am pleased with our margin performance in the first quarter. Our productivity and cost takeout initiatives enable us to continue to invest for growth. We ended the quarter with a solid book-to-bill of 1.06 despite some anticipated market softness, most notably in Europe.  I am also very pleased with the significant progress we achieved on several other fronts during the quarter. We continued to work on the ramp of new customers and products at Sound Solutions. The magnitude of this undertaking and the related market opportunity is significant. By the end of our first quarter, we had two semi automated lines up and running in our Beijing factory and we expect that number to at least double by the end of the second quarter. These lines enable us to increase volume, improve yield and margin and increase our customer service flexibility.  We also made progress on our globalization efforts. I'm happy to report these efforts are bearing fruit as we are now winning business in smaller markets like the Middle East, Australia and Russia. For example, our Energy segment recently won a major contract, significantly increasing our business in Australia.  I was also pleased we closed on the Quattroflow and Maag Pump acquisitions in the first quarter. These deals fit in our strategy of expanding our Fluids platform. We believe that adding pump technology, integrating our manufacturing book ramp (ph) and leveraging our global sales channel that allows us to create value for our customers.  Finally, our acquisition pipeline remains active. We expect to announce another acquisition in our Energy segment within the next few weeks and would hope to announce additional deals in our growth spaces in the coming months.  With that, let me turn it over to Brad. 
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start on Slide 3. Today we reported first quarter revenue of $2.1 billion, an increase of 14%. Earnings per share also increased 14% to $1.05. After adjusting for $0.04 of tax benefits in the first quarter of 2011, EPS improved 19% over the prior year. Segment margin was 16.2%, flat with last year. This result reflects very strong conversion in Energy and Engineered Systems, as well as our traditional Knowles markets.  This outstanding performance was partially offset by the expected lower volume in Printing and Identification and in general softer volume and higher cost at Knowles Sound Solutions as we ramp up production in automation related to new design wins.  Bookings increased 7% over last year to $2.2 billion reflecting double-digit growth in Energy and Communication Technologies and solid growth in Engineered Systems. In Printing and Identification, bookings decreased 21% where solid order rates in our fast-moving consumer goods markets were offset by weakness in our solar and semi markets.  Overall, book-to-bill finished at a very solid 1.06, which is in line with our seasonal pattern. Backlog grew 12% to $1.7 billion. In the first quarter, we generated $89 million in free cash flow or 4% of revenue as the first quarter is typically our lightest in terms of cash generation. We expect free cash flow for the year to be approximately 10% of revenue.  Now turning to Slide 4. First quarter revenue growth of 14% was comprised of 9% organic and 5% from acquisitions. Organic growth remained strong at Energy achieving 23% in the quarter. Engineered Systems and Communication Technologies also saw solid growth; 12% and 7% respectively, driven by the refrigeration, fluid, industrial and handset markets.  Printing and Identification was down 9% as growth in the fast-moving consumer goods and industrial markets were offset by the expected weakness in solar and semi markets. For the quarter, the majority of our acquisition growth was at Communication Technologies where acquisitions contributed 26%.  Turning to Slide 5 in our sequential results. Revenue increased 3% from the fourth quarter driven by strong results in Energy and Engineered Systems. Energy's results were broad based while Engineered Systems growth was primarily led by Hill PHOENIX. Printing and Identification decreased 4% while Communication Technologies was down 10%.  These results largely reflect seasonality in the electronics markets coupled with softer volume at Sound Solutions. Bookings increased 9% sequentially from the fourth quarter with continued strong growth across Energy and Engineered Systems. Communication Technologies bookings in the fourth quarter were impacted by the timing of orders, which we anticipate will accelerate in the coming quarters.  Now moving to Slide 6. Communication Technologies posted revenue of $358 million, an increase of 33% over the prior year. These results reflect strong MEMS, life science and military defense activity partially offset by weak telecom markets. Sound Solutions volume accounted for 26 points of the revenue growth.  Earnings of $46 million were down 2% and segment margin was 13%, a decrease of 460 basis points. Earnings increases in our MEMS business were partially offset by lower telecom results. Sound Solutions reduced margin approximately 600 basis points in the quarter. We expect segment margins to significantly improve as the year unfolds, most notably in the second half on the expected benefits of higher volume and automation productivity gains. Bookings were $356 million, an increase of 30%. This growth was largely driven by our handset markets. We also saw robust order rates in life sciences and aerospace. Book-to-bill was 1.00.  Turning to Slide 7. Energy produced another excellent quarter as the average North American rig count was up double-digits from last year and oil prices remained favorable. Although rig count flattened sequentially, the ongoing transition in drilling from gas to liquid and oil rigs accelerated during the quarter. Oil rigs are now approximately 66% of the market, which lines up well with our product offerings.  Revenue increased 25% to $532 million while earnings increased 42% to $132 million. As was the case last quarter, we saw a growth across all end markets; drilling, production and downstream. Operating margin was 24.9%, a 300 basis point improvement from last year. Margin performance was driven by very strong leverage on volume and lower acquisition costs. Bookings were $586 million, an 18% increase over the prior year. Book-to-bill was 1.10. We expect the Energy segment to remain strong, driven by solid market dynamics, our focus on globalization and significant new customer wins.  Now, Slide 8. At Engineered Systems, sales were $822 million, an increase of 14% year-over-year. Fluid Solutions grew 11% to $180 million while Refrigeration Industrial grew 15% to $642 million. Segment earnings increased 24% to $122 million. These excellent results were broad based with strong performances in both platforms and all end markets highlighted by another outstanding performance in refrigeration and food equipment, which was up 21% over last year.  Operating margin was 14.9%, an increase of 130 basis points reflecting strong leverage across the segment. Bookings were $896 million, an increase of 8% resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.09. Our Fluids platform booking increased 6% while Refrigeration Industrial was up 8%. Book-to-bill for Fluid Solutions was 1.02 and refrigeration industrial was 1.11. The growth in bookings at Fluid Solutions was broad based while Refrigeration Industrial continues to be led by very solid refrigeration equipment orders.  Now, let's turn to Slide 9. Printing and Identification revenue was $356 million, a decrease of 11% from the prior year. Earnings decreased 40% to $33 million. The revenue decline reflects the expected continuing weakness in solar and semi as compared against a very strong prior year. These markets now represent about 15% of this segment's revenue were down approximately $35 million year-over-year.  That aside, our fast-moving consumer goods and industrial markets continue to perform well despite the economic challenges in Europe. We believe our new product initiatives and the strength in sales and service organization has enabled us to grow our business in a challenging environment, a trend we believe will continue.  Operating margin declined 450 basis points to 9.3% reflecting significantly lower volume in electronics, continued investment in our fast-moving consumer goods and industrial markets and product mix. We continue to drive actions that increase our flexibility and operating leverage. We completed some targeted small restructurings in the quarter and we expect some further actions to better align our footprint with the faster growing market opportunities.  Restructuring costs related to these action will be approximately $5 million in the second quarter. Bookings were $347 million, a decrease of 21% from last year. These results were driven by weakness in solar and semi where as bookings grew 1% in our fast-moving consumer goods and industrial markets. Book-to-bill ended at 0.99.  Going to Slide 10. First quarter net interest expense, corporate expense and our tax rate were generally in line with expectations.  Now, moving to Slide 11 and our 2012 revenue guidance. We now expect full year revenue growth of 10% to 12%, which is an increase from our prior guidance. Organic growth is estimated to be 5% to 7% with completed acquisitions adding around 5%.  Breaking down revenue growth by segment. We expect Communication Technologies growth to be unchanged from our previous forecast at 11% to 13% organic, while acquisitions will add 10% to 12%.  Energy's growth is expected to be in the range of 11% to 13%. Organic growth should be 9% to 11%, up one point from our prior forecast. Acquisition growth is unchanged at 2%.  Engineered Systems is now forecasted to grow 10% to 12%. Organic growth is up one point to 4% to 6% while acquisitions are up five points to 6%.  Lastly, Printing and Identification revenue is forecasted to be down 1% to 2% versus our prior flat forecast.  Moving on to Slide 12, which shows our full year guidance. As previously mentioned we now expect total revenue to be in the range of 10% to 12%. CapEx will be roughly 3.5% to 3.8% of revenue, up from our prior forecast as we aggressively invest in our growth spaces, especially in automation and capacity at Communication Technologies.  All other aspects of our prior guidance remain substantially unchanged. Based on the above, we are raising the low end of our range and now anticipate a full year earnings per share from continuing operations to be $4.80 to $5.00.  Now, let's go to the earnings bridge on Slide 13. As a reminder, 2011 EPS was $4.26 after adjusting for $0.22 of tax benefits. Volume mix and price will contribute roughly $0.33 to $0.49 for the full year while net productivity will add $0.19 to $0.29. We expect completed acquisitions to deliver roughly $0.18 to $0.22 for the year. Investment and compensation is $0.03 lower than our prior forecast.  Interest expense, share count and our tax rate should yield a $0.03 benefit, up $0.02 from our prior forecast, primarily driven by lower average shares. The net result is EPS growth of 15% over our adjusted 2011 EPS at the mid point.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob for some final comments. 
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Brad. I am more confident on 2012 than just a short 90 days ago. Our Energy and Engineered System segments had a strong first quarter and are well positioned to produce excellent results for the balance of the year.  Printing and Identification is facing tough comps and a slower economy in Europe in the first half. I do, however, expect a stronger showing in the second half as we benefit from our people and product investments, improved productivity and a modest second quarter restructuring.  Communication Technologies is investing quite heavily in the first half on automation at Sound Solutions, capacity expansion at Knowles as well as significant design win efforts. Anticipated second half product launches, benefits from automation and additional capacity will be quite noticeable in our second half results.  I expect Dover's second half revenue to be up about 6% to 7% from the first half and anticipate solid leverage on the increased volume.  As I look across Dover, I am extremely pleased with our positioning. Trends and global energy demand and wireless communication, a recovering US economy and the continuing opportunities in emerging economies fit well with the focus and the direction of our businesses. We maintain our focus and financial flexibility to continue to expand in our five growth spaces. We are poised to have a great year with record revenue, earnings and cash flow.  In closing, I'd like to thank our team for a very solid start to the year. As always, your focus on customers, productivity and winning in the marketplace has enabled us to begin 2012 on a very positive note.  With that, Paul, let's take some questions. 
Paul Goldberg: Thank, Bob. And with that, I'd just like to remind everyone if you can limit yourself to one question and a follow-up, that would be much appreciated. And with that, Marie, if you can queue up the questions. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan of Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura:  Morning, guys. 
Bob Livingston: Morning, Shannon. 
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura: So, the first one is on Communication Tech. So, ex-Sound Solutions, the margins were up I guess 90 bps year-over-year, so around 18.5, which I think implies Sound Solutions probably lost a little money in the quarter versus it used to be kind of I think like a mid-teens margin business. So, clearly sort of an unusual period here you're going through. Just maybe a little more color as how you see this ramping and where you think Sound Solution margins kind of finish off once you're past the transition, you've got the automation where you want it. Where do you think Sound Solution normal margins will be?
Bob Livingston: Okay. You have a couple of observations and a question. Your comment on the DCT, Communication Technology margins excluding Sound Solutions are about right. Shannon, let me step back a little bit here and take a historical perspective on Sound Solutions and then I'll give you a direct response to your question.  If you look at – first of all, we had been looking at this business as an acquisition target for several years before we actually made the acquisition. And if you look at the second half of 2010 and I'm going to pick the second half of 2010 because that's before the noise with the Nokia market share drop started to affect the business.  If you look at the second half of 2010, their quarterly revenue was running at about $80 million a quarter. And at that time, about 75% of their business was with Nokia and RIM, 25% all other. Now, we sort of know what happened during 2011. We experienced the decline, or Nokia experienced the decline in their market share. We've seen it with a couple of other customers and you've heard up comment about the activity we've been undertaking for the last couple of quarters on production ramps with other customers.  But now let's bring it to the first quarter of 2011. The revenue was about $70 million – first quarter of 2012, I'm sorry. So the revenue was about $70 million. But the share positions with customers has changed significantly. Nokia and RIM is down to about 35% of our business. Now, all other and all other is a fairly long list, but all other is about 65% of our business. When you do the math, what this business has been able to do and is trying to expand even more is increase this business with all other account list excluding Nokia and RIM. And over the last several months, we've actually just about doubled that amount of business with the other customers.  Now, your comment on margins. All in including our acquisition charges, Sound Solutions was negative for Dover in the first quarter and I'm going to tell you, we expect it to be negative for Dover in the second quarter. But I again I emphasize, all in including the acquisition charges. On an operating basis, it's mid perhaps a bit higher than mid-single-digits operating EBITDA. That is much lower than it should be and it's much lower than what we expect it to be in the first half. We get to the second half, Brad, help me with the numbers here at bit. We get to the second half, the significance and these design wins and the impact from the automation projects as well as the anticipated customer launches in the second half –?
Brad Cerepak: Gets up back to the historical –
Bob Livingston: The revenue increase is significant – 
Brad Cerepak: Right.
Bob Livingston: And the second half margins get us back to the historical margins that we saw and continue to expect from Sound Solutions. 
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura: Okay. Yes. That's a pretty big swing. And you feel like you have visibility now. You've got the design wins. It's a matter of sort of the timing to flow from there, right? 
Bob Livingston: It's a matter of timing. We have worked quite diligently in the second half of last year, the first quarter of this year, continuing to work on it for more design wins. But we believe the design wins that we need for the second half production ramp have been won and it is a matter of product launches with the customers. 
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura: Okay. And then just a question on Energy. So the comps have already gotten tougher here. We've had the declines on the gas side but organic growth was still 23% and you had this 13% sequential increase in bookings. It sounds like international's becoming sort of a more important thing for you. And I'm just curious if that's right and how we should be thinking about it and how you're seeing the international side of the story develop?
Bob Livingston: International is growing for us. Actually it's the fastest growing part of our Energy business right now. We had a great first quarter. The guys did an outstanding job. But our downstream business, Shannon, is also growing nicely. If you look at the guidance that we have provided here, that Brad provided earlier here on the revenue guidance for the year, the comps do get tougher.  We are not – we are not forecasting significant volume increases in our Energy business beyond the first quarter level. We do have some increases but they're not significant. I think if I remember correctly the second half of 2012 for our Energy business is up low single-digits over the first half. And we do expect the rig count to be moderating here as we go through the year. 
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura: Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Brad Cerepak: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. 
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Jeff.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Thank you for that very detailed answer on Sound Solutions. I just wonder one other element to that, Bob. Are you in fact struggling in some way with the automation ramp relative to what you were expecting? It sounds like that's an undercurrent of some of what you're talking about here today. And what are those issues and how long should those take to be worked out?
Bob Livingston: I would say that the first two lines that we have brought up in Beijing have come online slower than we would have liked and actually slower than we believed four or five months ago, Jeff. As of the end of the first quarter we do have two lines commissioned. They are fully owned now by production and we're focused on getting at least two more lines up in the second quarter and we expect the commission of these two lines perhaps even a third one, to be much more efficient and quicker than we experienced with the first two. 
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Great. And I'm wondering on M&A –
Bob Livingston: It was a great learning exercise for everyone on the first two. 
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Yes. I guess so. Well as long as it's working by the time those product launches come, I guess it all works out. 
Bob Livingston: Yes. 
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: On the M&A front, can you give us a little color on kind of order of magnitude, size you're talking about given that you've got some stuff kind of near in your sights here? 
Bob Livingston: Well, I guess the only one I would comment on was the deal we'll announce here in a couple or three weeks in our Energy segment. Brad, do you have the details on that? 
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So, as Bob indicated, we expect to close a deal in the Energy space in the next couple of weeks. Size-wise, it's roughly going to mean about a $100 million of sales on an annualized basis for us in our Energy business. Purchase price, it's going to be around $220 and so we're excited about adding that to the Energy business. It will be just very slightly dilutive for us this year because of deal costs and amortization step-ups, especially on the inventory as it turns out, Jeff.  But this has high margins like other businesses we've done in the Energy space. Other acquisitions we’ve done. 
Bob Livingston: And, Jeff, and folks, this is an acquisition addition into our production segment in Energy, around artificial lift. 
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: And just maybe just a small follow-on and I'll pass it on. Did you have some deal dilution as it related to Maag Pump or other things in the quarter? You didn't call that out but I assume there was some (inaudible) there.
Brad Cerepak: We only owned it for about two weeks. So it was kind of neutral within the first quarter. But for the second quarter we're going to see that those costs, those initial start – in essence roll out of the inventory in the second quarter. And so the second quarter will get hit by about, I would say about $0.01 to $0.02 of dilution. And then as the year progresses, we expect that to now be slightly accretive for us, Jeff.  Very, very strong business performance so far in this year. Even for the period that we didn't own them. We have high expectations for the rest of the year on that business. 
Bob Livingston: Strong order rates and backlog on this acquisition.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. Just a quick follow-on with the M&A backlog. It sounds like there's a few more deals that you have a bit of visibility on. What would you say is the probability of a big deal this year?
Bob Livingston: Gosh. Nigel, the only reason I'm commenting on this Energy deal is because it's sort of already in the public space. We've received HSR approval. And that's – beyond that, I really don't want to comment on size or number of deals in the backlog or the pipeline. It's – we never know we're going to close one until we close it. 
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Okay. That's fair enough. And then looking at the Markem-Imaje performance. Looks like (inaudible) in organic growth. You had come to (inaudible). You're looking for double-digits. You've got a lot of new product launches coming up. Can you just give us some visibility on when you expect to see the benefits of those launches?
Bob Livingston: We did have positive organic growth in the first quarter. It's really modest. And I have to tell you that as we started the year, January was a bit of a hold for us, that the revenue was quite a bit less than we expected. And we were feeling it most notably in Europe. February and March activity returned to normal and expected levels.  The second half of the year actually is a pretty strong forecast for Markem-Imaje and as of right now, Nigel, our internal plan, we've backed off a point or so on the internal plan from what we had 90 days ago. But the internal plan for Markem-Imaje is still high single-digits organic growth for the year. 
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just another quick one on this – the book-to-bill of 0.99. How did that break out between electronics and other?
Bob Livingston: Goodness. Let's see. I'm not sure I can give you both numbers. I know Markem-Imaje was a positive book-to-bill. I think Markem-Imaje book-to-bill in the first quarter was 1.03. The electronics in semi and solar obviously would have been a less than one. 
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks, Bob. 
Bob Livingston: But I do know Markem-Imaje was 1.03.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Darling of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning, guys. 
Bob Livingston: Hi, Terry. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Maybe, Brad, I'm wondering if you might scope out your thinking on year-over-year margin change for the segments. You had talked in the past, Energy up 50. Looks like you're tracking well above that. Com's up 120, probably below that, so forth and so on for the segments. 
Brad Cerepak: Okay. So you're referring back to when we scoped that out for Dover Day. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Right. 
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So, I guess if I just generally speaking we said at Dover Day total Dover, total Dover would be up somewhere between 40 to 70 bps. And one of the things that is influencing that overall number at this stage is the Maag acquisition. So, you've got – that was not known at the time of the Dover Day guidance and so that brings down our total Dover about 20 bps or so.  So, total Dover, we're looking at going from about a 17 actual to up somewhere between 17 to 17.3 or so. As I think about the segments, generally speaking I would say the margin rate we've had in DE in the first quarter of about – it's almost 25%. We should see a little bit of improvement in that throughout the year.  DES also at almost 15. We’ll see a little bit of improvement throughout the year on DES as they continue to get leverage on volume. DPI, obviously we have expectations that the second half will be better than the first and better than the first quarter and we'll see some significant improvement there. As well as in our Communication Technologies group. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just on the acquisition where you've got the HSR and we've got a little bit of dilution this year. Any way to scope out the potential accretion in 2013 as you're viewing it today?
Bob Livingston:  I don't have that data with us, Terry. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, Bob, I guess looking at the semi and solar businesses, are you pretty confident that you've moved sideways here indicating a bottom and are you seeing any signs of a pick-up on the order front or do you think that's second half? Or how do you think about those businesses as you move into the second half and into 2013?
Bob Livingston: Let me give you one quick comment on solar. It's low. I think we've got less than $40 million of revenue in our plan for 2012 for solar. Okay. So let me go to semi. I think we shared this with the audience on the January call that we felt or believed at that time that we had hit a trough in the third quarter of last year on bookings. And that trend continues to hold. I think our fourth quarter sequential bookings improvement in semi was up about – like 18%.  First quarter over fourth quarter, sequentially up about 7% or 8%. And we expect some very, very modest improvements in that business throughout the year off of the first quarter order rate. On revenue for semi, first quarter was our trough. That would fit with the order rates and we expect a little bit of improvement throughout the year in semi revenue. But it is still pretty modest.  I think in our total forecast for Dover, I think we've got $200 million of revenue in for semi. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then just lastly, weather impact in the first quarter. Did you get some pull forward at Hill PHOENIX? Do you think OPW got some benefit? Just overall reflect on the –
Bob Livingston: I know. That's always – my response would have to be that it's possible. But it's very, very difficult to pinpoint anything, Terry. Your comment on HP, we came into the year and the Hill PHOENIX folks did expect their market to be up in 2012 over 2011. And that has been the case in their first quarter. The guys had a very, very strong first quarter. Their revenue was up 20% year-over-year.  And the bookings, the bookings increase was a similar number. I will tell you, we're not – the guidance we're giving you here on revenue for the year, we are not raising the Hill PHOENIX plan. And maybe that goes back to your question. It is difficult for us – it is difficult for us to have great visibility into the second half right now. We believe we're going to have a very strong first half at Hill PHOENIX. We're at this point in time, we're holding the annual plan for Hill PHOENIX.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Makes sense. Thanks very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Inch of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
John Inch - Bank of America: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. 
Bob Livingston: Good morning, John. 
John Inch - Bank of America: Bob, I want to talk a bit about the downstream energy business. I think you made some positive commentary toward it. It did in the quarter have the slowest growth. So, are you expecting the business to sequentially improve more so than the other businesses as the year progresses? And kind of the angle I'm fishing for a little bit is low nat gas pricing. Maybe you could talk about how that perhaps dovetails into an opportunity set for that business.
Bob Livingston: Well, John. You're right. It did not have the growth rates in their first quarter that drilling and production did. But, John, don't ask me to apologize for 14% growth in our downstream business. It was a pretty solid quarter for the guys.  The growth for the year, we're forecasting double-digit, low double-digit growth for the downstream business for the year. I think the low natural gas prices will have a positive influence on activity and projects in downstream markets. I don't think you're going to see a surge in business in the second quarter or the third quarter but I think you are going to see an increase in permitting and interest and quote activity as the year goes on.  I would tell you to think more about the downstream business as having a bump from the low natural gas prices as being a bit of a tailwind for us late this year and going into 2013. 
John Inch - Bank of America: Okay. That kind of makes sense. I guess about Hill PHOENIX, obviously the – I'm presuming that Hill PHOENIX surprised even you guys in the quarter. Kind of looks like you're gaining share, maybe share significantly in the Case business. Is this a – and I realize you don't want to talk about customers, but was this a kind of a one-off win proportionately as you look at it? Or is there – maybe you could just provide a little more color – product momentum or what's really going on there?
Bob Livingston: So, let me remind you that I think even on the January call I commented about how strong the bookings were at Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter. They were quite a bit stronger than we had anticipated. So, John, to be frank, coming into their first quarter there were probably some questions or concerns that maybe for whatever reason, project timing and customer decisions that some 2012 business that we were expecting had been pulled into 2011. Well, the first quarter sort of proved that concern to be false. The business increase at Hill PHOENIX was very broad based. It was not driven, I think you're referring to the big projects at Wal-Mart and Target. It was not – we had nice increase with both of those customers, but it was not driven significantly so by those customers. We had very strong business increases in Canada and Mexico, which has been a focus for the business over the last couple of years to grow the business outside of the US. And did we take share? We think we did. We believe that at least on the data we're looking at the end of February. I do not have full first quarter data. But through the end of February our share of the Case business is up about 4% to 5%. I'm talking low 40s. 
John Inch - Bank of America: Okay. No, that makes sense. And then maybe just lastly, Brad or Bob, you referenced weak. You're up obviously Europe is in a recession. I realize you don't have a ton of exposure. It’s somewhat limited. But you're European businesses, just talk about them. Are they in a holding pattern? Are you getting – seeing things soften or maybe even strengthen a little bit? Just any color you could provide would be great. Thanks. 
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, Brad can probably share some data points with you, but I don’t think we would talk about Europe and use the word strengthening. In Europe we have the most significant presence obviously with our Markem-Imaje business, with our SWEP business and with some of our semi and solar activity. Europe as actually as a percentage of our revenue, was actually rather flat with what it's been over the last several quarters at 17%.  If you exclude the impact of Sound Solutions, because obviously part of Sound Solutions is European, if you exclude the impact of Sound Solutions, our European revenue in the first quarter was down 1% I think. Brad, is that right? And you hate to cheer a negative number but I was pleased with their business performance in Europe in the first quarter. 
John Inch - Bank of America: How would that have compared to December? Was it better? The December quarter, sorry. 
Bob Livingston: Well, the latter half – it's better than the latter half of the fourth quarter. 
Brad Cerepak: It's basically flat quarter-to-quarter. Sequentially flat and as Bob said, slightly down year-over-year. 
John Inch - Bank of America: Got it. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Davis of Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: Hi. Good morning, guys. 
Bob Livingston: Hi, Scott. 
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: A couple of questions for you. One, AAC been talking pretty aggressively about taking share in MEMS. Do you see a more aggressive competitor there? Is it just at the margin or is there something kind of bigger going on that we should be aware of? 
Bob Livingston: Taking share – Scott, we see AAC at one customer. Our MEMS business in the first quarter on revenue was up – what was it, Brad, 25%, 24%, 25%. And our handset business, our activity was up like 25% and other MEMS business like tablets and some other applications it was up 20%. You're going to see some changes from quarter to quarter. We think our business is doing quite well. 
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: Yes. Clearly. I just wanted to give you a chance to rebute their comments. So, can we talk a little bit about ExRight (ph). Danner (ph) announced that deal not so long ago and I'm guessing you guys took a look at it. Does it – when you think about kind of the future of the printing business or whatever you want to call it. Does having a color business, is that important? Is it going to become more important? Is this something where you guys need to start looking at assets that are similar to ExRight (ph)? Or is this just more of a one-off?
Bob Livingston: Gosh. You're asking me to comment on someone else's acquisition and I really don't want to do that, Scott. If you go back to what we shared with everyone at Dover Day, with the strategy we have for our Printing and Identification segment, we do want to look for other printing applications that just necessarily would not be an add-on to Markem-Imaje. But do expand our play in other printing applications. The one you're referring to is that an example? That would be an example. 
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: Okay. So is it fair to say you looked at it then?
Bob Livingston: It's fair to say. 
Scott Davis - Barclays Capital: Okay. Good enough. That's all my questions. I'll pass it on. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Hi. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Steve. 
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So, just the energy dynamics, you're talking about basically kind of – you're not modeling much sequential improvement. Is that just your conservatism or is that kind of the rig count dynamic you guys see out there? And then as we move into 2013 assuming that the mix in the rigs doesn't change that much more dramatically. If rig counts are flat, do you guys grow in 2013? Is there still the content story? Or is this kind of like the bump that we've had stabilize here? 
Bob Livingston: Okay. Let's see. You've got three or four questions there. 
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Is there share gain? I guess just a commentary on you guys talked about kind of flattish sequential energy revenues, but you've talked about higher content in oil versus gas and so I'm just curious if there's anything else that – 
Bob Livingston: Let me deal first with what our assumptions are in our planning for the rig count. When you look at averages, we still – we've taken down the rig count deployment for 2012 slightly from where we were 90 days ago. But we're still looking at about an 8% year-over-year increase in average rig count deployment. At year-end here in the US for the December quarter, I think the number was like 1973 or 1975 rigs. The average in the first quarter here in the US was actually down a bit.  And we believe that the second quarter here in the US is going to be flat with the first quarter. You'll see some noise during the quarter but flat with the first quarter. For North America, I would say the commentary is similar for North America, which is primarily we're adding Canada.  The question you're asking about content on the rigs, actually affects – it has little impact on our drilling business and our drilling business had a very, very strong first quarter. Actually of the three segments, they had the strongest growth. Our growth in drilling in the first quarter was 30%, Steve. And I don't have the slices and the detail on this, but I would guess that perhaps as much as a third of that growth could be share gains in the first quarter.  Would that continue? We fully expect that to continue. 
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. And then just curious on the CapEx versus investment. Why is comp and investment lower and then the increase in CapEx as a percentage of increased sales, is that the majority of that? Is that in CMT or is that in other areas as well?
Bob Livingston: Okay. Repeat the question, Steve.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: In the earnings grid you guys did –
Bob Livingston: So you're question – the CapEx question –
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Yes. Because it goes from 3% to 3. –
Bob Livingston: We're guiding up 3% to about 3.5%. I would say that the bulk of that increase, the bulk of the increase is in Communication Technologies but not all of it. Probably 60% of that increase is in Communication Technologies. But let me give you a little bit of color on that.  If you look at our CapEx plan for the year as we've shared with you for the total number, Steve, probably 80% of that CapEx is in our five growth spaces. And I would say that well north of 50% maybe even as high as 70% of the CapEx in those five growth spaces, it's all for better positioning or capacity or automation for – to capture opportunities outside of the core markets like here in the US.  The bulk of the other CapEx, that's not in our five growth spaces, gosh, I would say at least half of that is what you and I would label as maintenance CapEx. Does that provide some color for you?
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. Yes. Absolutely. And then just one quick question on the other telecom and other revenue in the Communication Tech segment, down 14% in the quarter but you said your other MEMS business I believe you reported in there like the – your tablets and stuff, if that was up 25 – sorry?
Bob Livingston: You want to know the detail?
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: I'm just curious at (inaudible) because if that was up 25% and the segment was down 14, that means telecom was down like I don't know 30 to 40 or even 50 or something like that. 
Bob Livingston: No. I'm going to – Brad, help me here. 25%, 28% down?
Brad Cerepak: Yes. Around 30%. 
Bob Livingston: Around 30%. 
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. So then the other MEMS stuff was up kind of mid-teens type of thing, type of stuff?
Brad Cerepak: Twenty. 
Bob Livingston: Twenty. Yes. 
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jim Lucas of Janney Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, guys. One follow-up question just coming at M&A from a little different direction. Could you comment of what you're seeing in the overall multiples given that there's just so much cash still on the sidelines? And in particular, just areas where you're seeing maybe a little bit more attractive, less competition. Just any color you can give on the pipeline would be appreciated. 
Bob Livingston: Okay. Goodness. I guess my first comment would be every single deal is so unique and so specific to the seller and the market opportunity. I think I've shared this comment on the January call that if you look at the last three years, I think our average PE on trailing EBITDA, Brad, help me here, 8.5, 8.3 or maybe pushing 9? It was in that range. 
Brad Cerepak: Eight to nine range. 
Bob Livingston: Eight to nine range. And I wouldn't change my comment on the deals that are, I call them the closed end deals that we have in our pipeline. The multiples are rather constant. That doesn't mean that there haven't been some deals we've seen that have gone at higher prices and we've just elected to not chase the higher prices. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, with regards to Fluids, could you give a little color of what you're seeing there. You've done a good job of making some nice acquisitions to compliment it. Kind of talk about how that segment is positioned today and any particular areas that stood out as you look out for the rest of 2012?
Bob Livingston: Well, the – as Brad commented for the first quarter, our business was up about 11%. We're going to have very strong growth in this business for the year with a significant chunk of the growth coming from the Maag acquisition as we've shared. But you're asking on specific areas, I tell you, it's very, very broad based. We have seen parts of this business continue to do very, very well in Europe and China even with all of the reported slowdowns in market activity.  We've also seen a couple of smaller parts of the pump portfolio that have been impacted by the slowdown in Europe and especially some of the tempering or the slowdown in construction activity in China. But the business continues to expand. This is a very, very balanced global business for us. It's probably as equally balanced between US, Europe and emerging economies with an emphasis in China and Asia as any other business we have in our entire portfolio. And I tell you, the 11% growth in their first quarter I think is a pretty good indication of what we would expect from this business for the balance of the year absent the positive impact from the acquisition. 
Jim Lucas - Janney Capital Markets: Perfect. Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your final question comes from Charlie Brady of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. 
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Charlie. And welcome. 
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks. Just on Communication Technologies I wanted to go back to that. You commented on the telecom other piece of that business a couple of questions ago. Are you still looking to that segment, that piece of it to be down 3% to 5% for the year? And then in a larger sense, for the segment as a whole it looks like you're growth from acquisitions has dropped a couple hundred basis points. Is that a function of kind of first half Sound Solutions activity or is there something else in there?
Bob Livingston: Okay. Hey, Brad, how about I take the first part and you take the second part? So, you're asking about telecom other, for the first quarter I think we were reporting it down, what 13% or 14%? 
Brad Cerepak: Thirteen percent. 
Bob Livingston: Thirteen percent. And the down part was telecom infrastructure. Some of the other was up for the year. It changes significantly for the year. I think we're looking at negative growth in telecom other for the year to be only like a minus 1% or minus 2%, minus 3%. 
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. So it's a little bit better than you had a few months ago?
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Brad Cerepak: And with respect to the second question, you're right. When we were at Dover Day, if that's what you're referring to, we expected acquisitions to add a few points greater than what we see now. And it goes back to the discussion we had about the softness in our business in Sound Solutions. If you recall, we treat acquisitions organic once we hit that date we acquired it. So, it's really a first half number for Sound Solutions. And that's the way – that's the impact that you're seeing there. Slightly slower volume. 
Charlie Brady - BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks. 
Operator:  Thank you. That does – I'm sorry, sir. Go ahead with your closing remarks. 
Paul Goldberg: Yes. So this concludes our conference call today. We thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. And I just want to remind the investors and analysts out there that we do have our Technology Day on June 4 and an invitation will be coming soon. It's in New York City. So, we look forward to seeing you there. Thanks for your time today. 
Operator:  Thank you. That concludes today's First Quarter 2012 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg – Treasurer and Director, Investor Relations Bob Livingston – President and CEO Brad Cerepak – Senior Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse John Inch – Bank of America Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Securities Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird Steve Tusa – JP Morgan Scott Davis – Barclays Capital Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO of Dover Corporation; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation. After the speakers opening remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s fourth quarter earnings call. As Jackie said, with me today are Bob Livingston, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s fourth quarter and full year operating and financial performance, and follow with our outlook for 2012. We will then open up the call for questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 8th, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1800-585-8367. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following access code, 42636854. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Our solid fourth quarter capped off a record year in revenue and earnings, as we posted quarterly revenue growth 15%, including organic growth of 6%. This growth enabled us to deliver fourth quarter adjusted EPS of $1.07, a 19% improvement over the prior year. In our Energy segment, we continue to see strength across all end markets especially production-related activity. Market dynamics, including the shift from gas to oil drilling remained very solid for us and we anticipate this strength continuing well into 2012. Within our Engineered Systems segment, our refrigeration and food equipment businesses continued to execute extremely well, driven by market leading technology and customer focus. We were pleasantly surprised with the strength of fourth quarter bookings in refrigeration and begin 2012 well-positioned to deliver another outstanding year. Fluids and our other industrial businesses also performed very well. The fluids performance was driven by significant investment we’ve made throughout the year and product development and growth in emerging markets. At our Communication Technologies segment we saw extremely strong MEMS microphone activity, as well as solid life science and commercial aerospace markets. We expect the handset market to show high single-digit growth in 2012 with smartphone growth rate much higher. Within our Printing & Identification segment, I’m encouraged by the actions taken by our Markem-Imaje team to deliver new products and expand our global sales and marketing activities. Our customers have responded very favorably to our new printers which are for broader market and application coverage than the prior generation. These investments in product and resources will drive even better growth in the coming year. These strong performances helped offset continued fourth quarter headwinds in alternative energy and semi-con markets and weakness in telecom infrastructure markets. Despite these headwinds and general economic softness in Europe, we finished the year with the book-to-bill of 1, illustrating the depth and the resilience of our business mix. I feel we are well-positioned as we enter 2012. For the full year of 2011, we achieved record revenue of $8 billion, up 20%, including organic growth of 11% and acquisition growth of 7%. Segment earnings were also a record, up 18%. Full year margin were 17%, a very strong result considering we absorbed over $30 million in deal cost and a significant increase in acquisition amortization. In addition to revenue and earnings, we set full year record for EPS and free cash flow. We also increase our dividend for the 56-consecutive-year. During the year we took several important steps to better position Dover for the long-term. We realigned our businesses into a new segment structure to more closely match our five key growth markets. We also divested three businesses which did not fit our long-term strategy. We received over $0.5 billion in proceeds for these businesses and believe we have positively impacted our long-term profile. In 2011, we spent $1.4 billion in acquiring nine businesses, all in our growth spaces. Most notably Harbison-Fischer and Sound Solutions, Harbison-Fischer was a great addition to our Energy segment and delivered a strong year. Our Sound Solutions acquisition was also an exciting deal for us as it expands our products and technology in the handset market. As you know we acquired the business just as it started to ramp new automation and products. The production ramp has been more challenging then originally anticipated impacting us in the short-term. That being said, my enthusiasm around the combination of Knowles Sound Solutions is stronger than ever. Our pipeline remains active and we expect to announce additional deals in the next three to four months. In summary, I’m pleased, actually proud of our 2011 achievements and results, and believe we are well-positioned as we enter 2012. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let’s start on slide three of the presentation deck. Today, we reported fourth quarter revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 15%. Earnings per share also increased 15% to $1.12. After adjusting for tax benefits in the quarter, EPS was $1.07, a 19% improvement over the prior year. Segment margin for the quarter was 16.5%, down 50 basis points, solid performances in Energy, Communication Technologies and Engineered Systems were offset by the expected lower volume in Printing & Identification, solar and semi markets, as well as significant acquisition-related costs. Bookings increased 14% over last year to $2 billion, reflecting double-digit growth in Energy, Communication Technologies and Engineered Systems. In Printing & Identification booking were stable in our fast moving consumer goods markets. While the alternative energy in semi-con markets continue at low levels. Overall, book-to-bill finished at 1, which is in line with our seasonal pattern and historical fourth quarter trends. Backlog grew 15% to $1.4 billion. In the fourth quarter, we generated free cash flow of $276 million or 14% of revenue. For the full year we generated $786 million of free cash representing 10% of revenue. Now turning to slide four. Fourth quarter revenue growth of 15% was comprised of 6% organic growth and 9% from acquisitions. Organic revenue growth remained strong at Energy, achieving 25% growth in the quarter. Engineered Systems and Communication Technologies also saw solid growth, 8% and 6% respectively, driven by the handset, refrigeration, fluid and industrial end markets. Printing & Identification was down 13%, largely driven by weakness in solar and semi. These results were partially offset by fast moving consumer goods markets. For the quarter, majority of our acquisition growth was at Communication Technologies and Energy, where acquisitions contributed 35% and 16%, respectively. Turning to slide five in our sequential results. As expected, revenue declined from the third quarter. Strong energy results were offset by normal seasonality in other segments and weakness in some end markets. Engineered Systems normal seasonal pattern was evident as revenue declined 11% sequentially, primarily driven by the refrigeration markets. Printing & Identification and Communication Technologies were down 8% and 2%, respectively, due to normal seasonality and weak alternative energy and telecom end markets. Bookings also declined from the third quarter of 2011, largely reflecting normal seasonal patterns. Of note, we saw strong bookings in refrigeration and food equipment, and solid energy order rates. Now on slide six. Communication Technologies posted revenue of $396 million and $71 million of earnings, an increase of 41% and 40%, respectively. These results were driven by strong MEMS in aerospace OEM and aftermarket activity. Sound Solutions volume accounted for 35 points of the revenue growth. Operating margin was 17.9%, a decrease of 20 basis points from the prior year. Benefits from volume increases were offset by product mix in the handset market and production ramp challenges, as well as softness in telecom and the impact of acquisition-related costs. Bookings were $350 million, an increase of 21%. This growth was largely driven by our very strong MEMS handset markets. We also saw robust order rate in aerospace. Book-to-bill was 0.88 reflecting normal seasonality and the timing of orders based on new product introductions from handset OEMs. The handset market will continue to be strong in 2012, as cell phone grow, smartphones in particular, will be positively impacted by new product releases. Turning to slide seven, Engineered produced another -- Energy produced another excellent quarter, as North American rig count modestly grew and oil prices were favorable. During the year and continuing right through the fourth quarter, we saw a shift from gas to liquid and oil rigs. Oil rigs are now approximately 70% of the market, a dynamic that is positive for our energy businesses. Revenue increased 41% to $510 million, while earnings increased 40% to $122 million. Acquisitions accounted for 16% --16 points of the growth. In the quarter, we saw a growth across all end markets, drilling, production and downstream. Operating margin was 23.9%, 30 basis points lower than last year. Our margins remained extremely strong even after the impact associated with 2011 acquisitions. Bookings were $520 million, a 42% increase over the prior year, which included 29% organic growth. Book-to-bill was 1.02. We expect the energy market to remain strong as we start 2012, driven by the shift from gas to oil and continued growth in North American rig count. Moving to slide eight. At Engineered Systems, sales were $731 million, an increase of 8% year-over-year. Fluid Solutions grew 13% to $163 million, while Refrigeration & Industrial grew 7% to $569 million. Segment earnings increased 17% to $93 million. These excellent results were broad-based with strong performances in both platforms and across most end markets. Operating margin was 12.7%, an increase of 100 basis points, reflecting strong leverage across the segment. Bookings were $783 million, an increase of 11% over the prior year resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.07. Our Fluid Solutions platform bookings increased 10% to $159 million while Refrigeration & Industrial was up 11% to $626 million. Book-to-bill for Fluid Solutions and Refrigeration & Industrial were 0.98 and 0.1, respectively -- 1.1, sorry, respectively. The strong growth in bookings at Fluid Solutions was broad-based, while Refrigeration & Industrial was led by very solid refrigeration and food equipment orders. We begin 2012 with a healthy backlog in this segment. Now let’s turn slide nine. Printing & Identification revenue was $368 million, a decrease of 13% from the prior year. Earnings decreased 43% to $45 million. The declines reflect the continued weakness in alternative energy in semi-con markets as compared against a very strong prior year. These markets accounted for $50 million of revenue in the quarter, down 50% from the prior year primarily driven by solar. That aside, activity in the fast moving consumer goods markets overcame a softening Europe and continue to expand on the strength of new product introductions. Operating margin declined 640 basis points to 12.1%, reflecting significantly lower volume. Bookings were $354 million, a decrease of 11% from last year. These results were driven by weak semi-con and alternative energy markets, which we believe have stabilized. With regard to our fast moving consumer goods exposure, we expect solid market conditions in 2012. Book-to-bill ended at 0.96. Going to slide 10. Fourth quarter net interest expense and corporate expense were both in line with our expectations. With respect to taxes, our fourth quarter rate was 22.3%. The rate was favorably impacted by $0.05 tax benefit. Adjusting for this benefit, the rate would have been 25.5%. For the full year after adjusting for $0.22 of tax benefit, our normalized rate was 26.5%. Our tax rate continued lower due to the impact of geographic mix of earnings. Now turning to slide 11 in our 2012 revenue guidance. We expect 2012 full year revenue growth of 7% to 10%, consistent with expectation shared at Dover there. Organic growth is estimated to be 4% to 7%, with acquisitions adding around 3%. Breaking down revenue growth by segment, we expect Communication Technologies will grow organically 11% to 13%, driven by strong prospects from MEMS microphones. Acquisition growth will add 10% to 12%. Energy should grow in the range 10% to 12% comprised of 8% to 10% organic growth and 2% from acquisitions. Engineered Systems is forecasted to grow organically 3% to 5%. We also expect 1% from acquisitions for total growth of 4% to 6%. Lastly, Printing & Identification revenue is forecasted to be flat. Moving on to slide 12, which shows our full year guidance. We expect corporate expense to be around $145 million, up about $7 million from 2011, representing continued investment in incremental pension costs. Interest expense will be about $118 million. We are forecasting our full year tax rate to be in the range of 26.5% to 27%. CapEx should be approximately 3% of full year revenue, as we continue to invest in capacity expansion and automation, and emerging economy growth. We again anticipate generating significant free cash flow, roughly 10% of revenue. Based on the above, we anticipate full year earnings per share from continuing operations to be in the range of $4.70 to $5. Now let’s go to full year earnings bridge on slide 13. 2011 EPS was $4.26 after adjusting for $0.22 of tax benefit. Volume, mix and price will contribute roughly $0.26 to $0.52 for the year, while net productivity is expected to generate $0.21 to $0.31. We now expect completed acquisitions to deliver roughly $0.18 to $0.22. We will continue to make investment in sales and engineering for growth. The combined impact of these investments and higher compensation costs should be $0.20 to $0.30. Lastly, interest expense, a slightly lower share count and our normalized tax rate all largely offset each other -- in a $0.01 impact. The net result is earnings per share growth of 14% over our adjusted 2011 EPS at the midpoint. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Bob for some final comments.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. We had an outstanding 2011 and we expect to grow revenue and earnings nicely in 2012. As we start the year, we believe energy will continue to perform at a high level as will fluids, refrigeration and food equipment and most of our other industrial markets. We also expect the handset market to be very strong, which should help drive significant demand for our MEMS microphones and acoustic products. I firmly believe we had the right organization and team in place and are serving the right markets. Our focus on customers, technology and higher growth applications in economies should enable us to deliver another fine year to our shareholders. In closing, I’d like to personally thank our employees, customers and suppliers for their strong contributions and support in making 2011 a great success for Dover. I look forward to their continued contributions in the coming year. Okay. Paul, let’s take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. At this point, I’d just like to remind everybody that if you can limit to one question with a follow-up, we’ll be able -- we’ll be better able to answer everybody’s question. So, with that, Jackie, let’s have the first question.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot. Hi. Yeah. I guess…
Bob Livingston: Morning. Morning.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Morning. The first point, you said you spent $1.4 billion on M&A last year, obviously at the very beginning of this year. I mean what are your thoughts on the pace at which you want to ramp up M&A given it’s been kind of six months waiver and you really sold businesses and not bought any?
Bob Livingston: Well, I’m not sure we feel like we’re ramping M&A. M&A is actually quite active right now, but it was in the second half of the year following the Sound Solutions acquisition as well. We just didn’t close too many deals in the second half. As I commented in my opening comments, I would expect to announce three to four acquisitions or some acquisitions in the next three to four months, but it is currently active.
Brad Cerepak: We did close three small deals in the fourth quarter into the early part of January. But they were relatively small.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Got it. Thanks. And then secondly on the Energy business, you talked about 8% to 10% organic growth in 2012. There’s obviously a lot of noise in the last two weeks around the weakened outlook for gas related CapEx given prices. What sort of assumption you’re factoring in for your business which is towards gas rather oil this year?
Bob Livingston: Okay. Well, let’s, on key assumptions, I guess, you’d start with rig count. And 2012, our assumptions and forecast do assume a very modest single-digit increase in rig count over the year-end number and Julian, I think our modeling is 3% or 4% increase in rig count in 2012 over the year end number, but it is interesting when you look at that number for 2012 against the average for 2011, it’s about a 10% increase year-over-year comps on rig count deployment. We do -- we have been seeing this for -- goodness for the past year. The switch from less gas to more oil on the rig deployment, the announcements in the last couple of weeks that you refer to, I think would encourage that shift even more and I have to tell you that sort of plays to our favor.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks. And then lastly, you had pretty big decremental margins, I guess, in Printing & ID in Q4. How you’re thinking about the cost base there and I guess if bookings has stabilizing in semiconductors and alternative energy, does that mean you’re kind of hanging in there with the fixed cost based on the assumption that you could get quite a big revenue ramp this year?
Bob Livingston: Well, the bookings have stabilized and to give you a little bit more color on that, I would tell you that for not just for sending in solar, but for all of the electronics activity in that segment. Our 2012 assumption is that we’re going to have revenue that’s about equal to the second half of 2011 annualized.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Okay.
Bob Livingston: So even -- but even with the stabilization that we’re saying in the market activity, we have been taking some fixed cost out of this business during the second half of 2011 and we have more actions plans in the first half of 2012 as well.
Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Bank of America.
John Inch – Bank of America: Good morning, everyone.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, John.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, John.
John Inch – Bank of America: Good morning. Brad or Bob, is there a way, perhaps, we could flesh out a little bit more, quantify some of the production ramp cost spending that I’m assuming Sound Solutions incurred in the quarter. And how do you expect that sort of to progress because obviously you’ve got some new business ramp that’s expected to come in, maybe a little bit of help on that dynamic?
Brad Cerepak: Well, I would start first by saying the challenges around the production ramp have more to deal to do with yield than with customers or market. And the yield on some of the new designs, as we transition to some new customers had been a bit more challenging than we would have liked. We do expect those yield challenges to continue through the first quarter well into the second quarter until we get our full automation up and convert from labor to automation. And we expect the Sound Solutions business to expand margins and earnings sequentially through the year.
John Inch – Bank of America: Bob, is this an issue going on in China because I know that business had been hiring a bunch of folks in China or is just has to do with just kind of overall since you’ve owned the business trying to having tap into some other aspects of integration, I mean?
Bob Livingston: No. I would not label this at all as having anything to do with integration. It is all production ramp in China.
John Inch – Bank of America: And then my follow-up, really I guess the historical Markem-Imaje business. That business does have quite a bit of exposure to Europe. Yeah, I think the core result’s pretty good. I mean, what do you think is going on there maybe a little bit of color and do you expect the business to kind of fade given leading indicators in Europe or do you think this new product launches are superseding that impact? What do you think?
Bob Livingston: A lot of it all. We -- number one, we do have a strong business base in Europe. John, our business in Europe, you could actually split it into two pieces. We did see some softness in Europe end of fourth quarter. It was without any exceptions. It was restricted to Southern Europe.
John Inch – Bank of America: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: And in Northern Europe, Central Europe, business activity continued to be fairly strong. If -- to give you a little bit of color for 2012, we’re sitting here with our guidance assuming 10% to 11% organic growth at Markem-Imaje for 2012. We’re not expecting much growth in Europe for Markem-Imaje next year.
John Inch – Bank of America: And most of them assuming as new products?
Bob Livingston: New products and all regions of the world except Europe.
John Inch – Bank of America: Lastly, Bob, strategically, the divesture of Heil makes a lot of sense. I guess the question is, do you foresee Dover doing further divestitures, you’re talking about acquisitions but how do you think about the portfolio now given the moving parts and I realized you talked about semi-con at Dover Day, so maybe exclude those businesses what about the rest of, say, your mix, how are you thinking about that?
Bob Livingston: John, it would be quite direct about it. We have no current plans for divestiture activity that we’re currently working on, but I will repeat what I said at Dover Day and I’ve said this before. I think you’ll see us continue to sort of tweak the portfolio this year, next year, the year after when we believe timing is right and there’s a different, better owner for a business than Dover.
John Inch – Bank of America: Thank you.
Bob Livingston: But I wouldn’t expect anything major like we did in 2011.
John Inch – Bank of America: Yeah. That’s seems clear. Thanks very much.
Bob Livingston: Okay.
John Inch – Bank of America: I appreciate it.
Operator: You’re next question comes from the line of Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Terry.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Terry.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Hey, Bob. I wonder if we just make sure we get the complete list of kind of what changed in your thinking about the 2012 Mosaic versus Dover Day. It looks like the Communication Technologies organic has gone up a bit, the acquisition growth down a bit. You talked about the ramp issues on Sound Solutions, presumably the Comtech is just the handset view that you have. And then has anything really changed around your segment margin expansion expectations of 40 to 70, it looks like maybe that came down a little bit, but maybe you can complete that list for us.
Bob Livingston: Got you. Brad said, Brad’s going to give you the detail response. My response sitting here as we’ve looked at this over the last three or four weeks is, I don’t think there’s much difference in our guidance and our outlook for 2012 versus what we shared with your at Dover Day, perhaps a little bit of minor noise around margin expectations but it’s minor. But, Brad, do you want to add anything?
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. I think I would just say, I think you understand the sales well. You articulated that correctly, little bit changed there, not much. With respect to margin expectations at Dover Day there’s really no major changes. I would say, the minor things I would say is we would expect DE and DES to be a bit stronger than what we’ve said at Dover Day and DPI maybe a little bit less. And your observation is correct, I think total segment margin expansion is probably, we said 40 to 70 basis points. We’re probably 10 off on that range at this stage. It’s not much. Not much change is the way I would think about it.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Helpful. And Bob, can you explain more why this shift from gas to oil is a positive -- is a net positive for Dover and in that context, the 8% to 10% organic is kind of in line with that rig count forecast you have and you’ve been outgrowing the rig count in a couple years past. So let me just square those up.
Bob Livingston: Okay. So there’s two questions there. So let me give you a little bit of color on the markets for Energy, drilling, production and downstream. And drilling we -- because of the -- I call it the tapering off of the growth rate and the rig count deployment for drilling growth in 2012. We’re looking at mid single-digit growth in drilling next year, 6% to 7% and downstream and production, low double digits. So that gives you a little bit of color on the markets. Your question on why the shift to oil favors us. Well, to be rather -- to be better rather frank about it, on a typical gas well to bring it in production, we will get maybe $10 or $12,000 of revenue per completed gas well on an oil well or a liquid-rich well. It’s about $50,000. We just have more product content.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And maybe Bob you could help us with the rough percent split of business as you see it now between drilling, production and downstream.
Bob Livingston: Oh! Goodness. Production is about half of the Energy business. Downstream and drilling obviously the balance and the balance is probably split 55,45 in favor of downstream.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. I’ll past it on. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Jeff.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research: Could you elaborate a little bit, Bob, on the strength that you’re seeing in refrigeration? Is there some new problematic type activity at some big retailers or some share shifts going on, just any additional color that would be great?
Bob Livingston: Well, I wish I could sit here and tell you that the market is booming. But that’s not what we’re seeing and that wasn’t what was behind the fourth quarter strength. In fact, Jeff, I would tell you, we went through the fourth quarter and saw the bookings coming in a little bit stronger than we had anticipated. I have tell you our initial response is we were probably seeing some pull-forward order activity from the first quarter to the fourth quarter and that’s always a bit difficult to predict anyway, the fourth quarter bookings. So that was sort that our consensus as we were chatting with you at Dover Day. I have to tell you as we, January is not over but we’re three weeks into the New Year and bookings activity at Hill PHOENIX is remaining fairly strong. I think there is some share gain that Hill PHOENIX is capturing and we are seeing a rather significant increase in opportunity for Hill PHOENIX in Canada and Mexico.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research: And just wondering on…
Bob Livingston: Jeff, don’t ignore the acquisition that we just completed here for this business and I think it was in November. I think we’ve got about, gosh, we’ve got about $30 million of revenue…
Brad Cerepak: Annual revenue.
Bob Livingston: … annual revenue and are planned in 2012 from downturn.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research: Okay. And…
Bob Livingston: Jeff, the businesses are doing very well.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research: Yeah. It sounds like you’re still taking some nice share.
Bob Livingston: Yeah.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research: Just thinking about your deal pipeline and obviously, it just depends on when things close and all that and I get that, but is the window closing and it stands for 2012 deals to be able to add to 2012 earnings just thinking now the timing of when things might close and your knowledge, obviously what’s in the pipeline on handicapped and what might close?
Bob Livingston: Well, it ends up being deal specific like it always is, if we can close on a couple or three deals here in the next three to four months, obviously the timing of that early in the year gives you the opportunity to have a little bit of opportunity for EPS accretion. But at the same time, each deal is going to be unique with respect to the integration cost and some of the upfront costs to bring in the business ended over. Let us announce the deals and we’ll give you some guidance as we make the deals.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research: Right. Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O’Callaghan with Nomura Securities.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Securities: Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Securities: Hey. As you think about this year-over-year decline in the Printing & ID margin, I know we have the semi stuff and solar, but you guys had also obviously been ramping a bunch of investments in the product ID side of things. I mean, can you of the 640 basis point decline, give a broad stroke of what the chunks of that are?
Bob Livingston: The fourth quarter decline I think would be primarily due to the lower volume in semi and solar, and the other electronics part of the business compared to the fourth quarter of 2010. But we have and making some significant investments. We continue making some significant investments with Markem-Imaje, as well as Datamax-O’Neil and some of the decline in the fourth quarter was attributed to some minor margin declines at Markem-Imaje, do you want to add any color to that?
Brad Cerepak: Well, yeah, I would agree with that, Bob. I think they’re minor and they do reflect -- they do principally reflect a little bit of investment and we saw a little bit of a mix in the fourth quarter as well that work a little bit of against Markem-Imaje, but nothing significant and nothing permanent.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Securities: Okay.
Bob Livingston: And let me clarify that. What Brad refers to the mix issue in the fourth quarter? Printer sales were a little bit higher percentage of revenue for Markem-Imaje in the fourth quarter than consumables and I think that reflects the sort of the surge that the guys are seeing with the take-up of the new product offerings.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Securities: Do you have, I mean is Markem-Imaje kind of back to where you wanted it to be after you had the kind of take the margins down for investment purposes to get the new product out or is that still kind of ramping?
Bob Livingston: I would label that still a work in process. They asked me that question a year from now and I’d like to be able to answer, yeah.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Securities: And then just on the margins in Engineered Systems, the strength there, anything unusual you would point out in that or what do you credit that to?
Bob Livingston: Nothing unusual, very broad-based, strong conversion at that segment in the fourth quarter.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Nomura Securities: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Robert.
Brad Cerepak: Good morning.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Can you give us some visibility on what your expectation is for book-to-bill in the Communications Technologies segment, I mean, do you consider the below 1.0 number in the quarter to be sort of an aberration and we have to look for combination of seasonal factors and stronger order flow to take us back above 1 as early as the first quarter or to take a little bit longer for that to happen? And is a perhaps related shift in growth expectations for the segment to a little more backend-weighted the explanation for why your organic growth forecast went up a little bit and your acquisition contribution number went down a little bit?
Bob Livingston: Okay. Your first question was around book-to-bill for the fourth quarter and actually, Rob, I would label the fourth quarter of 2011 to be more normal and the fourth quarter of ‘10 to have been a bit of an aberration. You do typically, especially in the handset business. You will typically see the reduction. You will see a very, very strong order flow in production through mid-November, sometimes through the end of November, sometimes into the middle of December. But typically, December is normally a fairly weak order month for the cell phone guys. And that holds true through Chinese New Year.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Okay.
Bob Livingston: So we’ll see a significant change in order rates as we come back off of Chinese New Year here in a couple of weeks. We would expect order rates in the latter half of the first quarter and the second quarter will be quite strong.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And so, the related question then of whether the changes, bumping up the organic growth number for Comtech and taking down the acquisition contribution, really it’s first half concentrated, does that, I mean, I sense that you’ve shifted your revenue growth expectations for that segment to a little bit later in the year?
Bob Livingston: That’s true. I would also tell you that we’re probably seeing the opportunity for a little bit more growth at Knowles this year than maybe we shared with you at Dover Day. And when we look at Sound Solutions, I think the guys sitting around me would tell you I’m being conservative, but I have -- we have backed off the Sound Solutions revenue forecast for 2012 or for Sound Solutions by about, I think it’s about $15 million.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Okay.
Bob Livingston: And it’s all Nokia.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Yeah. All right.
Bob Livingston: And I’m sitting here now, I would, if you’re looking for any upside opportunities to our guidance…
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Yeah.
Bob Livingston: … I would like to think we could outperform that slightly in 2012.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Yeah. Okay. And my related question to that is, I mean, just really big picture, is it a fair characterization to say that most of the earnings per share growth that you’re forecasting will occur in the second half of the year? I mean you got short-term ramp issues? You got a little bit of hangover from Printing & IDs especially in the first quarter, et cetera?
Bob Livingston: Well, I don’t look at it that way. So I don’t have that detail in front of me but it, from a revenue perspective, I’m not sure I can equate it directly to EPS. Forget organic and comps, I would tell you that when we look at revenue for 2012, about $4.2 billion in the first half of ‘12 and about $4.4, $4.45 number in the second, so the second half is a little bit better than the first half. But, yeah, I’m not sure I would label that as unusual.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird:  Okay. All right. Thanks Bob. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan:  Hi. Good morning.  
Bob Livingston:  Good morning, Steve.
Brad Cerepak:  Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Question on the Communication Technologies, can you just help me just help bridge the gap, I – people view this is an iPhone play, but I’m struggling to bridge the gap from what Apple’s putting up and 6% core growth in Communication Technologies and the 7% that you did this year and how that kind of [bridge] it to the ‘11 to ‘13 that you’re talking about for next year, what gets materially better? 
Bob Livingston:  Okay. What gets materially better, well… 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan:  I guess just describe the moving parts because 6% core growth is solid, but not something that I guess that we would expect looking at kind of the smartphone type of volumes you’re talking about. I know there are other businesses…
Bob Livingston:  Okay. Well, you look at the whole segment, Steve, well, obviously you know this as well as everyone else that it’s not all handsets, but when you look at the major markets that we’re serving within the segment and I can’t break this out between organic and acquisition, but the area that is down in 2012 is telecom and some other small applications, and that represents about $200 million of revenue for this segment and it’s down 14% in ‘12. All other segments that we’re serving, we’re showing growth from very, very modest low single-digit on military and I know that seems odd but we actually have line of sight on some growth in military, but it’s very low single-digit. Aerospace and industrial markets we’re seeing growth of 9% to 10% in ‘12, life sciences mid single-digits, by 5% to 6%, and obviously, the bulk of the growth is our handset business. 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan:  What was the biggest headwind in the quarter like by those buckets what was the worst type of decline, was it the telecom business? 
Bob Livingston:  In the quarter? 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan:  Yeah. For fourth quarter. 
Bob Livingston:  Fourth quarter comps against the fourth quarter of ‘10, life sciences was down slightly you know like maybe 3% or 4% year-over-year, military was off slightly, again, 3% or 4% year-over-year, aerospace, industrial was actually up nicely. What was it Brad, 25%, 30% growth in the fourth quarter and everything else was handsets. Actually telecom was down slightly, I think 2% or 3% in the fourth quarter. 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan:  So handsets was up what? 
Bob Livingston:  The balance. 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan:  I guess I could walk through with Paul offline. 
Bob Livingston:  I don’t remember the number. It was well over 100%. 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan:  Sure and then one last question just on Engineered Systems, I mean, it looks to me like you guys took that – organic is down from 4 to 6 to 3 to 5, but you’re talking more positively about Hill PHOENIX, is there something else going on in that business? 
Bob Livingston:  No. I think I would label the guidance at DES to be quite reflective of what we were seeing in the final three or four months of 2011 and we probably got two segments that I would say we’re baking in a little bit conservatism with respect to Europe, those two segments being Printing & Identification and DES. 
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan:  Got you. One more very quick one, just housekeeping, so I’m just unclear, Sound Solutions looks like you’re guiding out kind of incremental revs of about $150 million to $160 million. You have been expecting something at around $200 million I think. Again, is this a customer issue or is this – you said it automation prob or ramping production ramp problem or what exactly is that? 
Brad Cerepak:  I would say we’re not guiding down on that full year number for 2012. As Bob said, if you think about where we were last time on this call to where we are now maybe $15 million guide down, but the number remains substantially unchanged and a lot higher than the number you’re talking about. 
Bob Livingston:  The only difference between what we’ve been sharing over the last couple of calls, and our guidance and outlook for 2012 is about a $15 million reduction and how we look at Sound Solutions revenue opportunity in ‘12 and as I said earlier, it’s all round Nokia. 
Brad Cerepak:  Nokia and a little bit of RIM. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Barclays Capital. 
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital:  Hi, guys. Good morning.  
Bob Livingston:  Good morning, Scott. 
Brad Cerepak:  Good morning.  
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital:  Specifically for you Brad, I mean we haven’t talked about the whole concept of centralization in a while and some of the things you’re working on like procurement and such I mean can you give us an update there? Are we pretty much done or is there more to do in 2012? 
Brad Cerepak:  Well, there’s a lot more to do and we continue to work on it. I would say we still expect more incremental impact in 2012 on our supply chain efforts, and I would say that that number is pretty much – the incremental is pretty much in line with what we achieved in 2011. So, we continue to see good opportunities there. We’re working on lot of other areas including efforts around our IT infrastructure and as well as we’re in a very early days of taking look at some back office opportunities. And you’ll perhaps see that unfold a little bit as we get later into 2012 about things that we can expect to achieve in the back office and to IT, but that’s an area that up to now Dover hasn’t spend a lot of time working on. It’s the natural progression coming off of our supply chain efforts in centralization. 
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital:  Make sense. Just following up a little bit from Steve’s first question, we saw this list of Apple suppliers and it’s the first time I can remember saying the list may be they put it out before, but it’s first time I’ve seen it. 
Bob Livingston:  It’s the first time they’ve published that. 
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital:  Obviously, they list you guys and then they list your key MEMS competitor AAC. Have some of the capacity constraint issues that you guys are talking about, is that opened a door a bit for somebody like AAC to build out scale and be able to compete more effectively with you guys? How do you kind of view that? 
Brad Cerepak:  Number one, I don’t think we’ve had a capacity constraint issue that has led to a position where we have not been able to satisfy or support a customer in the way they wanted us to support them. So let’s be sure about that. This is a pretty large market, it’s becoming a larger market and it would – as much as we would like to say, we’re the only one in the market, this is something we’ve known is going to be happening ever since we acquire the business in 2005. It was interesting, someone asked earlier about the assumptions around Energy – let me tell you the assumptions around MEMS for this year and next year, number one, we still believe there’s going to be significant MEMS encroachment on the old-style audio technology for microphones. We think that’s still has a lot of room to move and that as we see that further encroachment on MEMS technology, we believe we’re going to maintain a very, very high share of the MEMS microphones for the cell phones guys. For the next two to three year, we believe there’s going to be continued growth in the cell phone market. There will be competition, it’s a big market. 
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital:  How much does that help having Sound Solutions now? I mean does that allow you to, for lack of better word, bundle or – how does that kind of work? Are they still pretty disparate businesses? 
Bob Livingston:  I don’t like the word bundling, but it sure does help on cross selling. In fact, I would tell you that it is interesting when you look the target opportunities and revenue opportunities for Knowles. In the MEMS business in 2012, we’ve added two customers for 2012 that we did not have prior to Sound Solutions and the cross-selling has been a result of Sound Solutions. 
Scott Davis – Barclays Capital:  Okay. Good. Thank you, guys. 
Operator:  Your final question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley:  Thanks, good morning.  
Bob Livingston:  Good morning, Nigel. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley:  So you must get through the whole call without fielding a single semi-cap question. Don’t worry I’m not a cheater. 
Bob Livingston:  I’ll kill you, Nigel.
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley: Don’t worry I’m not going to go there. I just wanted to dig in a little bit on the comps given it’s in the segments and you saw a really nice ramp up in margins from 3Q to 4Q and I’m actually wondering how much of that was due to the Sound Solutions yield improvements and how much was just due to acquisition accounting which rolled forward – which washed out in 4Q? 
Bob Livingston:  I’m not sure I understood the question, Nigel. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley:  The sequential improvement in Comtech margins from 3Q to 4Q? 
Bob Livingston:  I would label the bulk of the improvement – just the elimination if you want to call it that of some of the deal cost we incurred in the third quarter. In fact, I commented about some of the production ramp up cost. I will confess that the yields in the fourth quarter at Sound Solutions weren’t much better than they were in our third quarter and that’s a challenge we’re going to continue to struggle with as I commented earlier going into the first quarter until we can get the automation completely online and that’s going to be late this quarter and into the mid of the second quarter before that project is complete. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley:  Are you still aiming to have the automation lines up and running by March I think? 
Bob Livingston:  Let’s see, there are schedule Nigel. The first one is actually up and running now. The second line is being tested and prepared for handoff to manufacturing as we speak and it’s probably in total about a five or six week process to complete that transition. The third automation line, I don’t think it goes into the factory until early March and that’s why I say it’ll be well into the second quarter before that one is complete. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley:  So we got a yield improvement story coming through the next two quarters? 
Bob Livingston:  Yeah. We do. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley:  Okay. I know you guys don’t give quarterly guidance, but… 
Brad Cerepak:  That’s right. We’re not… 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley:  But on the comp side, you got Chinese New Year so you would expect to have some volume absorption issues coming through, well, it looks like absorption issues coming through in 1Q, then you have the yield improvement coming through from Sound Solutions. How should we think about 1Q margins in comps compared to 4Q? 
Brad Cerepak:  For Dover or for this for Communication Technologies? 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley:  Exactly Comtech. 
Bob Livingston:  Comtech, got you. I don’t have that Brad, do you? Hardly similar? 
Brad Cerepak:  High level I would say the volumes, because the Chinese New Year are down, down off of the fourth quarter and therefore we would expect the margins to follow suit. We don’t give specific guidance, but that would be a normal pattern I would expect. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley:  Okay. That’s really helpful and then Brad, just quickly 4% to 7% core growth, does that includes FX as well? 
Brad Cerepak:  Yeah. It does. 
Nigel Coe – Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.  
Operator:  Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Paul Goldberg, Vice President of Investor Relations for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg:  Thanks, Jackie, this concludes our conference call, and with that, as always I’d like to thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thanks a lot and have a good day. Bye. 
Operator:  Thank you. That concludes today’s fourth quarter 2011 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert A. Livingston - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Brad M. Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Paul E. Goldberg - Director of Investor Relations and Treasurer
Analysts: C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc. Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2011 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation; Brad Cerepak, Senior Vice President and CFO of Dover Corporation; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation.  [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's third quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today's call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's third quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2011. We will then open the call up to questions. And as a courtesy, we kindly ask you to limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, Form 10-Q and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through November 4, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is (855) 859-2056. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following reservation code, 18657443. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. Following a great first half of the year, we delivered strong growth in both revenue and earnings and a seasonably solid book-to-bill of 0.96 for the third quarter. These results were once again broad-based and led by the continued strong demand in our energy and handset markets. In total, I am very pleased with our third quarter performance. The majority of our businesses continue to see strong market activity, with organic bookings up 11%. As we discussed last quarter, we do anticipate revenue growth to moderate in the fourth quarter, due in part to semicon and solar markets. However, for the full year, I remain quite confident we are on track to deliver 20% revenue growth. All segments achieved significant revenue and earnings growth in the quarter, absent the impact of onetime charges in connection with the acquisition of Sound Solutions. Segment margin was 16.9%. Orders were up 23%, and revenue increased 22%. This strong performance enabled Dover to post adjusted earnings per share of $1.20, a 25% improvement over last year. Although it's too early to provide specific guidance, I fully expect our Energy businesses and Knowles to continue to expand going into 2012. I also like our leading positions and expanding opportunities in Refrigeration equipment, Product ID and Fluid Solutions. We made several important strides in our strategic initiatives in the third quarter. Sound Solutions is off to a great start and is performing at the high end of our expectations. We have been and are still adding significant capacity in China to support strong demand for new customers. As we said last quarter, we expect the pace of shipments to accelerate into the fourth quarter. Last quarter, we reported on our MEMS capacity expansion program in Malaysia. I'm happy to say we shipped over eight million microphones in September in only the second month of operation. This capacity expansion is a key part of Knowles' customer service and growth initiatives for the second half of this year and the first half of next year.  We also continued with our investments in the energy space, part of which was the recently announced acquisition of Oil Lift. Oil Lift expands our presence in the progressive cavity pump market and enables us to increase our product offerings in the attractive artificial lift space. Late in the third quarter, we closed on the sale of Paladin and Crenlo. These divestitures are an important step in our continued efforts to focus on our higher-margin growth spaces. We received roughly $300 million in proceeds, which we intend to redeploy in acquisitions.  Going forward, we will continue to review the portfolio and pursue opportunities that improve our business mix. Our pipeline continues to be very active as we work on a number of potential deals that provide synergies with existing businesses. I am confident we will announce additional acquisitions before year end.  In summary, I was very pleased with our performance in the third quarter. We executed very well in Engineered Systems and saw strong growth in Fluid Management and Industrial Products. Electronic Technologies continued to benefit from its strong position with smartphone and handset OEMs. Aside from normal seasonality, we expect these trends to continue into the fourth quarter. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad M. Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start by turning to Slide 3. Today, we reported third quarter revenue of $2.2 billion, an increase of 22%. Earnings per share increased 4% to $1.21. After adjusting for discrete tax benefits, EPS was $1.20, a 25% improvement over an adjusted prior year. Segment margin for the quarter was 16.9%, down 70 basis points from the prior year. After adjusting for onetime costs associated with the Sound Solutions acquisition, segment margin was 17.5%. Our solid margin performance was again led by strong results at Fluid Management. Bookings increased 23% over last year to $2.1 billion, reflecting growth in all segments and platforms. Book-to-bill finished at a solid 0.96, which is in line with our seasonal pattern and historical trends. Backlog grew 27% to $1.6 billion. For the third quarter, we generated free cash flow of $316 million or 14.4% of revenue. We remain on target for full year free cash flow to be 10% to 11% of revenue. Turning to Slide 4. Third quarter revenue growth of 22% was comprised of 10% organic growth, 9% from acquisitions and 3% FX. Organic revenue growth remained strong at Fluid Management and Industrial Products, achieving 23% and 16% growth respectively. Engineered Systems grew 4%. Electronic Technologies posted modest growth of 2%, whereby solid communication components growth of 7% was largely offset by weakness in semicon markets. For the quarter, the majority of our acquisition growth was at Electronic Technologies and Fluid Management, where acquisitions contributed 24% and 15% respectively.  Turning to Slide 5, which shows our sequential growth. Total revenue increased 7% over the second quarter. Electronic Technologies grew 19% sequentially, driven by Sound Solutions. Fluid Management grew sequentially revenue 9% on the strength of expanding energy markets. Engineered Systems grew 4% while Industrial Products declined 1%. Bookings increased slightly from the second quarter of 2011. Of note, bookings were up 22% at Electronic Technologies on the addition of Sound Solutions. In Industrial Products, bookings moderated from an unusually strong second quarter. Turning to Slide 6. Industrial Products posted revenue of $459 million and $64 million of earnings, an increase of 19% and 18% respectively. Industrial Products' operating margin was 14%, a decrease of 20 basis points from the prior year. Benefits from volume increases were offset by product mix and, as expected, continued lower volume in the refuse vehicle market. Bookings were $447 million, an increase of 20%, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.97. This growth continues to be influenced by strong downstream energy orders and steady growth in our infrastructure-related businesses. Now with respect to our Material Handling platform. Sales increased 34% to $182 million while earnings increased 39%. Strong top line results continue to be driven by increased activity across the majority of end markets. In total, Material Handling margins improved 70 basis points, largely reflecting solid volume leverage. For the quarter, bookings were $171 million, an increase of 23%, yielding a book-to-bill of 0.94.  With respect to our Mobile Equipment platform, sales were $278 million, an increase of 11%. Earnings were up 4%. Margins decreased 100 basis points, primarily reflecting changes in product mix and continued softness in the refuse vehicle market. Bookings increased 17% to $274 million and book-to-bill finished at 0.99. Turning to Slide 9 -- to Slide 7, I'm sorry. At Engineered Systems, sales were $670 million, an increase of 8% year-over-year and earnings increased 12% to $103 million. These results were all-time records, eclipsing the records set last quarter. Operating margin was 15.3%, an increase of 60 basis points, reflecting strong performance in Engineered Products. Bookings were $617 million, an increase of 13% over the prior year. Book-to-bill ended at 0.92.  With respect to our Product Identification platform, second quarter sales were $246 million, an increase of 11%, which included 6% FX. Year-over-year earnings increased 6%. Although margin decreased 100 basis points year-over-year, they increased 60 basis points sequentially. This performance improvement is reflective of the positive response to the new product releases at Markem-Imaje. Bookings increased 14% to $249 million, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.01.  Moving to Engineered Products. Sales were $423 million, an increase of 6% and earnings increased 17%, resulting in margin expansion of 150 basis points. This favorable margin performance was driven by very strong execution at Hill PHOENIX and volume leverage. Engineered Product bookings were $369 million, an increase of 12% over the prior year, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.87. As previously shared, while we still anticipate normal seasonality in the refrigeration market in the fourth quarter, Hill PHOENIX remains very well positioned. Moving to Slide 8. Fluid Management produced another great quarter. Revenue increased 40% to $585 million while earnings increased 42% to $144 million. Acquisitions accounted for 15 points of the growth. Operating margin was 24.7%, a 20 basis point improvement from last year. This positive margin performance was achieved while covering increased acquisition amortization and $4 million of deal cost in the quarter. Bookings were $582 million, an increase of 42% from the prior year, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.99. With respect to our Energy platform, revenue increased 67% to $368 million while earnings increased 70% on rising U.S. rig counts, fairly stable energy prices and our recent acquisitions. Margin increased 40 basis points. We continue to see strong fundamentals in the served markets and anticipate continued strong results in this platform. Quarterly bookings increased 68% to $359 million. Book-to-bill ended at 0.98. Now moving to Fluid Solutions. Revenue in this platform increased 10% to $217 million and earnings improved 6%. We continue to invest in international expansion initiatives and are making strong progress. These investments impacted margin, resulting in an 80 basis point decline. Bookings increased 14% year-over-year to $223 million and book-to-bill was 1.03.  Turning to Slide 9. Electronic Technologies revenue was $492 million, an increase of 29%. Bookings were $479 million, up 19% from last year. Both results were largely driven by Sound Solutions and strong demand for MEMS microphones, partially offset by weaker sales in orders in the semicon market. Sound Solutions accounted for 24 points of the revenue growth. Earnings decreased 14% to $60 million. Operating margin declined 610 basis points to 12.2%, largely reflecting the impact of Sound Solutions, including onetime costs. Adjusting for these costs, earnings increased 8% and margin was 15.3%. Another way to look at it, the core Electronics business, when fully excluding Sound Solutions, grew margin 20 basis points to 18.5%. Book-to-bill ended at 0.97. Our Electronic Assembly equipment and test group saw revenue decline 4% from the prior year. Comparing this group's third quarter revenue with the prior year, sales increased in solar as we continue to work through our backlog. Electronic Assembly sales were stable and semicon-related revenue was down approximately 30%. Sequentially into the fourth quarter, we expect this group's solar sales to decline due to weak order levels and semicon revenue to remain stable to slightly down, albeit at a low level. Further, we anticipated the current dynamics in the solar and semicon markets to continue in the near term.  Lastly, our communications components companies. Revenue increased 53% on the strength of Knowles and the addition of Sound Solutions. Sound Solutions sales of $92 million accounted for 41 points of the growth in communications components.  Now going to Slide 10. Third quarter net interest expense was $30 million, an increase of $4 million over last year and in line with expectations. Corporate expense was $34 million, essentially flat with the prior year and also in line with expectations. With respect to taxes, our third quarter tax rate was 25.6%. This rate was positively impacted by a $0.01 discrete tax benefit. Adjusting for this benefit, the third quarter rate would have been 26.4%. This lower rate was influenced by the sale of businesses in the quarter. We now expect the full year normalized effective rate to be approximately 27% going forward. Turning to Slide 11. Our revenue growth forecast of 20% remains largely unchanged from last quarter, with some changes in business mix. Organic growth is estimated to be around 13%, and acquisition growth is expected to contribute 7%.  Breaking down organic growth by segment. We now expect Electronic Technologies to be in the range of 8% to 9%, down around five points from the previous forecast driven by weak semi and solar order rates. Engineered Systems remain largely unchanged from our previous forecast and should be in a range of 8% to 9%. Industrial Products is now forecasted to be in the range of 15% to 16%, an increase of about two points from our prior forecast. Lastly, Fluid Management's revenue growth is now forecasted to be in the range of 20% to 21%, up about five points. This significant increase is driven by broad-based growth in their end markets.  With respect to acquisition growth, Fluid Management should increase 14%, a one point improvement from our prior forecast. In total, Fluid Management's revenues should increased 34% to 35%, whereas Electronic Technologies acquisitions will add 15%, a one point improvement from our prior forecast for the full year growth of 23% to 24%. Lastly, Industrial Products acquisitions should add around 1%. Corporate expense and interest expense are unchanged from our previous guidance. CapEx should now be at the high end of our forecast, 3% of full year revenue.  Now let's go to the full year earnings bridge on Slide 12. Volume mix and price now stand at $0.60 to $0.65 for the full year while net productivity is essentially unchanged at $0.26 to $0.28. We now expect completed acquisitions to deliver $0.07 to $0.08, an increase of $0.01 from our previous guidance. We continue to make investments in our growth spaces, with the impact of $0.14 to $0.17. Interest expense is unchanged at $0.03. Lastly, our improved normalized tax rate and discrete tax benefits will add $0.25 for the full year, up $0.02 from the last forecast. In total, we are now forecasting full year EPS to be in the range of $4.45 to $4.50. Let's turn to Slide 13, which reconciles our current guidance with our prior guidance. On the last earnings call, we provided guidance of $4.50 to $4.60. After adjusting for $0.14, representing the full year forecasted 2011 operating earnings of Paladin and Crenlo, our full year adjusted guidance was $4.36 to $4.46. We then add $0.04 for performance and $0.02 for the third quarter tax benefits. The result is increased guidance of $0.06 at the midpoint and a new guidance range of $4.45 to $4.50, representing an increase of 20% from last year. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Brad. As you can see, we had a strong quarter as well as an active year so far with acquisitions and divestitures. As we enter the fourth quarter, I am pleased by the strong market activity that most of our businesses are seeing. This activity, supported by our continuing investments in geographic expansion and product innovation, give me great confidence we will deliver a full year revenue growth of 20%. The portfolio of changes we've made this year have resulted in a better group of companies than we've ever had before. We are very well positioned in our five growth spaces and poised for further investment in growth. Accordingly, I expect Dover to perform better than before in both strong and modest markets.  In closing, I'd like to thank our employees, customers and suppliers around the world for all their efforts in making the third quarter a success. Now Paul, let's take some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jeffrey Sprague of Vertical Research.
Jeffrey T. Sprague: Bob, I was wondering if you could address a little bit more what you're seeing in the energy patch. Obviously, your results in the quarter are strong. There's been some indications that things are getting weaker in pressure pumping, which is not exactly your space. But around the edges, I wonder if artificial lift kind of -- given that a lot of that production is kind of the marginal production with some weakness in WTI around the edges and the like -- if you are, in fact, seeing any signs of activity there kind of feathering back a little bit.
Robert A. Livingston: Gosh, Jeff, we are not seeing any slowdown, feathering around the edges or whatever phrase you used here in artificial lift specifically. We're not seeing any slowdown in any of our energy markets that we participate in. In fact, I would -- even if you look at our order trends during the quarter, our orders were stronger in September than they were in July for energy. That's not what we're seeing.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Very interesting. And then on Sound Solutions, Bob, can you update us on where you're at on the customer migration there? Obviously, you've got to shift from Nokia fairly quickly. It sounds like that's underway. And how long does that take? Just an update on the process there.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, you've picked on one of the major projects that we had here with Sound Solutions as we entered the first quarter of ownership, and that was managing some, I would call, some rapid transition to some new customers. And the Knowles team, the Sound Solutions team has done a very good job of transitioning to new customers. But Jeff, I'll also share with you, going into the quarter, going into that first month of ownership, we had some lower expectations with respect to volume from Nokia just because of what we've all been reading about and experiencing with their loss of market share. Our business with Nokia in the third quarter was a little bit better than expected. And I don't want to take one quarter and extend it for the next eight. But we felt the activity with Nokia in the third quarter was fairly promising.
Jeffrey T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Inc.: Great. But you are in a fast shift elsewhere, I guess, right? Leveraging off Nokia?
Robert A. Livingston: Very fast. In fact, I would -- I don't remember how many folks we may have had in this little town out in California by the name of Cupertino six months ago, but I think now we have a sales and service team of about eight people. And we have ramped production capabilities significantly during the quarter in the Beijing factory. We'll get a further boost with some help on these transitions to new customers this quarter as we start to introduce in the Beijing factory some fairly interesting automated lines. And that rollout over the next couple or three quarters of these automated lines in the Beijing factory are very, very key to our yield improvement and our gross margin improvement in this business for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Lucas of Janney Capital Markets.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: My first question, on Product ID, could you give us update there of some of the changes that you put in place here initially and how the transition is going within Product ID?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes, I'd be glad to. I don't remember now who asked the question, I think it was on the first quarter call at April. And my response probably expressed some frustration with how we had rolled out our product development and some new product launches and et cetera. You couldn't see my face at the time, but I probably not only expressed some frustration, I probably had a pretty serious frown on my face. And I'm feeling much better about this today. We've had -- we've experienced very nice traction in the marketplace over the last three to four months with the new products. We have followed the product launch, the major product launch in March and April, with several upgrades, mostly around feature sets and expanding the product launches, and has been very well received. I'm pleased with the growth we've had in the past three or four months. Let me see here, Jim. Let's see if I have this data. The organic growth for Markem-Imaje -- I'm speaking specifically on Markem-Imaje, not Product ID. But organic growth for Markem-Imaje in the first half was only 4%. And for us, we actually consider that -- well, it should have been better than that. Second half is going to be about double that. So we're very pleased with the progress we're making.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then switching gears, I mean, you've already had a busy year on the M&A side in Oil Lift, a nice tuck-in here. In your commentary, you referred to some other activity before the end of the year. As you're looking at the pipeline, in terms of size of deals, the multiples you're seeing out there, where potentially they could be, any color you could share with us on the M&A pipeline would be appreciated.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, as I said in my prepared comments, I'm rather confident we're going to have one or two more acquisitions to announce before year end. But if you want some color on the profile of the pipeline itself, I guess I would tell you to look at the fact pattern on our acquisition activity over the last 2.5 years and look at the size and treat Sound Solutions as an outlier. That was our larger deal. But if you take Sound Solutions out of the fact pattern, then the size of deals we have done have been -- goodness, we've probably done one or two as low as $5 million, though that hasn't been the average. And Harbison-Fischer being sort of the top end of that revised fact pattern, and the deals in our pipeline cover that fact pattern.
James C. Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And with regards to the multiples you're seeing out there, have you seen any changes?
Robert A. Livingston: It depends on the business and it depends on the space. My general response would be that for high-quality assets, for high-quality businesses, the prices are staying healthy.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: First, I was wondering if we could -- you called out semicon down 30%. Bob or Brad, what exactly -- I mean, what would be the relative annualized revenues of the semicon businesses that are tied to semicon? So maybe not tied to MEMS or whatever, but the true sort of deep cyclical stuff that would put to the 30%. How big is that? And as part of that question, really the question is -- because you're calling for relative stability in the fourth quarter. Are growth rates all else equal? And Bob, I know you know these business well given your history with them. I mean, are growth rates set to actually improve from this trajectory heading into next year? Again, just partly because of comps or whatever else you want to look at.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I'm not sure I could sit here and give you comps on expected first quarter growth rates, John. Let me back up. Let's take some confusion out of this group of companies here and let me share some data with you. First off, 2010 revenue for these three equipment companies in Electronics, 2010 revenue, almost $600 million in sales. And Electronic Assembly, there's really three parts of the market that we play in within this group. Electronic Assembly, last year 2010, about 55% of the total. Semicon test was about 40% of the total and solar was about 5% of the total. Now let me bring it forward to 2011, and I'm going to try to do an apples-and-apples comparison here. So I'm going to give you numbers that we think we're going to end up with the year on. Not through the third quarter, but for the year. So 2011 revenue in this group, approximately $650 million. Electronic Assembly has been rather stable. It's about 52% of our total this year. Semicon test has dropped a bit. It'll be about 31% of our total. Solar, we've had a good year. Well, let me put it this way. We've had a good first three quarters. And solar will end up being about 17% of the total. So that gives you some size on the spaces. And I think the other part of your question was our outlook going into 2012. Is that right, John?
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Well, I mean, really also given obviously what's going on in the macros as it pertains to semicon. So I mean, semicon, based on your numbers, is $200 million. It's down 30% based on Brad's commentary, similar in the fourth quarter. Does that growth, all else equal, get better just because of tough or easy second half comps? Or there's still kind of risk to the business, do you think?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. So semicon test in the fourth quarter, we actually have it planned as being flat with the third quarter. And I will tell you, as we enter the early part of planning for 2012, we don't believe there's going to be much of a change in our outlook on this space. For sure, in the first quarter, we're probably being a little bit cautious in saying it's probably not going to mean much of a change in the first half. But don't lose sight of the fact that the largest piece in this group of companies is actually our Electronic Assembly. And John, it's not just been stable '10 to '11. It's actually rather amazing how stable this part of the business has been sequentially through 2011. And we see that fact pattern continuing into 2012 as well. Different dynamics. To tell you -- and we've got a strong recurring part, strong recurring revenue in Electronic Assembly. And what we have noticed over the last couple of years, that the fact patterns of market cycles and market dynamics are a bit different between semicon test and Electronic Assembly, at least for us. Because today, the bulk -- and I'm not going to give you a percentage, but I'm going to tell you it's rather significant, that the bulk of our activity in Electronic Assembly is around the smartphone and handset markets. Now maybe Brad wants to add something else.
Brad M. Cerepak: The only thing I want to add on our solar side is that we talked about that last quarter that we saw that slowing significantly. As I commented on earlier, we're really working down backlog at this point, John, because the order rate intake is very, very slow. So sequentially, solar actually drops from third to fourth by almost 50% in terms of sales. And I would say the same thing with respect to what Bob said on the semi is that we don't see solar recovery really at this point until maybe the back half of next year. So one way to think about it is we love the solar business. It's ramped up dramatically in the first half. Second half has been weak. That'll continue a little bit into the early parts of '12 and hopefully recover after that as we start to see some of those businesses pop back.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, thank you for the answer, though. That's very helpful. Can I just ask as a follow-up, the other sort of, I think, point that people are -- just have questions toward is really the Energy business. It's obviously super-strong today. And Bob, your comment suggests that you didn't really see much of a change. I guess, the question comes down to really just the trajectory, though. I mean, the trajectory seems to be somewhat unsustainable based on rig count. And that may not be true. I'm just curious as to your thoughts around the trajectory. And then really, the other part of this is as you mix internationally, like I know you opened a plant in the Middle East, as you mix internationally over time, do those international revenues come at a lower profit margin? Because obviously, Energy has a very high profit contribution.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay, you asked one follow-up question that have 4 parts to it, John. Let's see. I think we've shared some data on our Energy businesses in the past. At about 70% of our Energy revenue, you can get a pretty high correlation with the rig count. We saw sequential rig count deployment growth in the third quarter of about 6%. We see rig count deployment continuing to grow here in the fourth quarter. And John, what I'll tell you, all of the customers that we're talking to and all the data that we're looking at calls for a further rig count deployment again, growth in it next year. And again, that correlates with about 70% of our business. The 30% that's not highly correlated with rig count has more to do with downstream distribution and power gen. And the growth rates in that part of our business are actually expanding. I would label that as prep, part of the late cycle part of our Energy portfolio. With respect to the international business, it is growing. It's becoming a big part of our business and the profit margins are not less.
John G. Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm sorry, they're not less?
Robert A. Livingston: They're not less, correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Darling of Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Bob, wondering if we could just continue on the back-of-the-envelope math that you're doing there for folks on the 2012 outlook. And I think the commentary on semicon would suggest your third quarter, you're down another 30% or so. And the comps say kind of similarly tough through mid-year. I think you're suggesting if you move sideways from these levels, obviously, the comps now in the second half of '12 become very easy. So kind of down 30% in the first half, flat in the second half, if we want to assume that, down 15% for the total. I think your run rate comments on solar would assume kind of down 45% or 50% next year. You're talking about EA being pretty stable. If I back-of-the-envelope that and run it together, it's down about 15% or 20% for EA altogether as a framework for '12. Does that sound reasonable? Or am I missing something there?
Robert A. Livingston: That sounds reasonable. But Terry, I'm going to encourage you to show up at Dover Day here in a few weeks, and we'll give you a little bit more detail on this than I'm giving you today.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then just to maybe square up the components dynamics that we're aware of there. I mean, your comments this quarter point to about a 12% organic growth rate, I think, stripping out the acquisitions and FX, if I got that commentary from Brad correct.
Robert A. Livingston: That's about right.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Take us through what the all-in thinking on Sound Solutions is now, and then maybe an updated view on what the Knowles picture looks like, given the expansion and capacity there.
Robert A. Livingston: Well, we wouldn't change our outlook or our expectations for the balance of this year for Knowles. It's not any different than what we had here on our outlook and guidance on the July call. We continue to see handset and smartphone growth. We're going to capture our share of that, perhaps a bit more than our fair share. We are adding capacity for next year, Terry. And I fully believe that by the time we get into the first quarter, we'll be looking at adding capacity again that'll be in support of our expectations for growth in the second half of 2012. Sound Solutions, I can't -- I mean, Brad said it, I've said it. I'm just going to repeat myself and I know it sounds like a broken record, but we are very, very pleased with the start we've had here with Sound Solutions. And our expectations for next year, I am leaning towards Brad now because I know we gave you some guidance on the July call. $0.18 to $0.20 for next year. And sitting here today, we don't see a headwind on that.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And is that still in the -- from a revenue perspective for Sound Solutions next year, is that still in the $175 million to $200 million range implied in that? Or have you raise that based on...
Brad M. Cerepak: For next year -- well, for this second half this year, since we've owned them only for half of this year, Terry, we expect sales to be slightly over $200 million for the second half of this year.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right. So I'm just thinking if you assume no growth running into next year, you've got another $200 million for half a year next year, right?
Brad M. Cerepak: Yes, but if you assume no growth. But that's not what our view is at this point.
Robert A. Livingston: I wouldn't want to accept that plan.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I mean, that's -- off of the 2011 base, that's growth for components of 10% or 15% just on acquisitions right there. And if you assume -- I mean, where are you thinking on kind of the range of expectations on Knowles for next year on an organic basis? Is that still in the 8% to 12% range?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes. But Terry, we're going to share a lot of this detail with you at Dover Day. And we still are early in our planning stage. We need a few more weeks to finish this. I gave you some high-level color, but you're trying to take me in some detail that I quite frankly, I'm not...
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Well, I just think you've given a lot of the important pieces. And there's obviously a lot of concern about this business. It just seems to me like an opportunity for you to clear that on up, but appreciate the help.
Robert A. Livingston: Knowles is quite healthy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on the tech business. So the consumer electronics piece of that electronic -- first of all, a very helpful detail, I appreciate it. The consumer electronics piece of that portfolio, I guess, you call it the kind of core non-semi, non-solar business.
Robert A. Livingston: I refer to it as the Electronic Assembly piece.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, the Electronic Assembly piece, right. So what did that business grow in 2010? Because I mean, you've got a segment here that grew 75% in 2010. Obviously, solar was picking up as an incremental driver there.
Robert A. Livingston: You're asking me what the growth rate was for Electronic Assembly in 2010. And Steve, I don't have that answer. I don't know.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But I'm just curious because you said that it's a little more stable, but the segment was up 75%. So there was obviously a business in there that was -- it was actually up, I think, 50% the first half of this year. So I'm just curious, is that all semi? Is that -- how much of a -- I'm just trying to get my hands around the degree of cyclicality here.
Robert A. Livingston: I'm not even sure what the question is, Steve.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I think you're parsing out the business in a very helpful way, and you're saying that the assembly businesses are more stable and don't have the same...
Robert A. Livingston: And have been this year and last year, yes.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So that means that to get to a business in 2010, it's up 75% in total, which is what you've given us in the 10-Ks, there has to be a business in there that is pretty heavily cyclical. And I guess, what you're saying is...
Robert A. Livingston: It's semi and solar, yes.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. What is the -- how is the other components business outside of Knowles doing? Is that up in line with the kind of components average organic that Terry referenced, up 12%?
Robert A. Livingston: Telecom infrastructure in the second half is down a little bit versus the first half. But for us, telecom infrastructure tends to go in project waves anyway, so I don't view that as being abnormal. For our CMP business, I think first half is fairly consistent with the second half. And we are seeing some order pressure, especially in the military part of the business. But earnings and margins continue to be quite healthy.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then -- helpful. One more question, there's lots of moving parts here into the fourth quarter. You've got some businesses moving around. Knowles, still doing well, Sound Solutions beginning to contribute on a profit basis. How should we -- you've given us great detail around the revenues. How should we think about the margin there for the fourth quarter?
Robert A. Livingston: Goodness, gracious. I don't have that kind of detail. Let's see. I know for the three...
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: For electronic test in total, sorry. In total for the business.
Robert A. Livingston: For Electronic Technologies segment, we'll have some margin pressure in the fourth quarter. But I'm sitting here right now, I'm drawing a blank. I really don't know what the margins forecast is for the fourth quarter for Electronic Technologies.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I really, really appreciate the detail.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan of the Nomura Securities.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So Bob, you've done a really nice job building these different platforms. And now you've done some pruning, too, on the two construction businesses. As we think about the Electronic Assembly test business, with all that kind of color you gave on it, I mean, how do you feel about that as part of the portfolio? Because it's sort of taking away from what you've built in the rest of the company. I mean, it's actually a bit -- the businesses you have in there, Everett Charles and the other ones, are valuable assets. But you could basically give them away right now and the stock would probably go up. So it's still -- it used to be a bigger problem for Dover 10 years ago. It's a lot smaller now, but it's still -- it kind of distracts, I think, from these core kind of growth spaces that you've built. Is that still considered core to the portfolio? How do you think about it? It seems like it'll be very valuable to somebody else.
Robert A. Livingston: I'm going to point out something else for everybody that's here on the call. We have spent probably 2/3 of the time here this morning talking about 3% of our revenue. I just want to put that in perspective.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: That’s my point.
Robert A. Livingston: This has consumed about 60% of your attention this morning. On the two pieces that we are seeing some challenges with the rate now, semi and solar, my comment would be on semi, it's not any different than what I've been sharing of the last couple of years. This is not an area that I want to continue to grow in. And you will not see us deploy more capital in the semicon area. Solar is something different, Shannon. We're going through a little bit of a gyration and a pause right now. But we happen to believe that solar is going to be a good market for us to play in. And as we move into 2012, actually more of our attention moves on solar to making sure we're prepared even better than we have been this past year to support solar production and consumption in China. The solar part of the business, you'll see us continue to make investments in people and product development.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes. I think the moves you made in construction have been positive. And I just think maybe there's more to do potentially in this space that would be a lot clearer for your story going forward even though it's a small piece. That's what happens. Little pieces like this become bigger focus points. Despite, like what you said, I mean, your five growth spaces are driving the company, yet that's, for some reason, not what we end up talking about, right? So that's all I was saying. Can I get a question also? Just in terms of Knowles, when you think about some of the timing, there's been a little noise quarter-to-quarter on some things around timing of cell phone launches. Has that been impacting you guys with some of the big players that are out there?
Robert A. Livingston: We may see a little bit of noise month-to-month, but my answer would be no. I don't think you're going to see much of a noise looking at Knowles on a quarter-to-quarter comparison.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I had a question around -- in Engineered Systems. If you look at the Engineered Products sort of piece of that, some of it has some obviously exposure to buildings-related segments, a little bit of consumer. So could you talk a bit about the order trends you're seeing in Engineered Products and what your sort of assumptions are for that for the rest of this year into next?
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. Actually, with respect to Engineered Products, the big driver, obviously, no surprise, is Hill PHOENIX. And folks, I've got to tell you, Hill PHOENIX has had a remarkable year. In an overall market that's probably down 6% to 8%, they've actually grown top line five percentage points, and have expanded their margins for the year by about 100 basis points. And they're quite well positioned. But you're specifically asking about order rates, and let me give you a number or let me help you with a little bit of color here. If you were to remove the Hill PHOENIX from the Engineered Systems numbers for the third quarter, book-to-bill for both Engineered Products as well as Product ID would have been greater than 1.0. So what we're seeing in the book-to-bill for Engineered Products in the third quarter is the impact of the seasonality that we've been talking about and sharing with you for three years now of just the change between third quarter full production and fourth quarter slowdown seasonality and transition into the new year. But again, absent Hill PHOENIX, the entire segment and both individual platforms, and Engineered Systems would have had a positive book-to-bill.
Julian Mitchell - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms of sort of the growth outlook. Obviously, a number of conglomerates talking about pushing out that restructuring a little bit as we get towards the year end. What is your sort of view on the cost space, whether it’s the footprints or other things, in terms of manufacturing? Are you planning on accelerating any kind of cost-reduction programs? Or it's more about kind of steady as you are and looking for M&A opportunities?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I would say for Dover, overall, you would probably make the comment that it's sort of steady as we are. And it is still quite amazing that in several of our businesses, we are still investing for capacity expansion. We continue to do that in our Energy businesses and we continue to do that in Knowles and Sound Solutions. There are some spots where we've been taking cost out all year long. It's sort of normal and ordinary activity, and we'll continue to do that. We don't have a specific announcement to share with you. We just sort of do it -- normal and ordinary methods. With the exception of probably three or four of our businesses, I would tell you that the rest of the companies in Dover are sitting here today trying to figure out how they're going to grow next year, not shrink their business.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Melissa. This concludes our conference call. With that, we thank you for your continued interest in Dover, and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thanks a lot. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's Third Quarter 2011 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-22 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert Livingston - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Paul Goldberg - Director of Investor Relations and Treasurer Brad Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Unknown Analyst - 
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation; Brad Cerepak, Vice President and CFO of Dover Corporation; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Misty. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's second quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's second quarter operating and financial performance and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2011. We will then open up the call to questions. As a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up.  Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, Form 10-Q and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 5, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for 3 months. The replay telephone number is (855) 859-2056. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following reservation code: 82478358.  And before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided of their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I am very pleased with our second quarter performance. Following a strong first quarter, we again saw growth in both revenue and earnings and a strong book-to-bill of 1.03. The strength in our orders was broad-based and was largely driven by continuing strength in the Energy and Fluid Solutions markets, mobile handsets and global industrial production. These strong trends are continuing into the second half of the year, along with moderating trends and grocery retail remodeling and solar equipment.  All segments achieved double-digit revenue and earnings growth in the quarter. Segment margin hit 17.4%, an all-time high for Dover. Orders were up 15% and revenue increased 21%. This solid performance enabled Dover to post adjusted earnings per share of $1.19. I continue to feel positive about our businesses, and as a result, we are increasing full year revenue growth and earnings guidance. We also continue to invest for growth. In addition to our Sound Solutions acquisition, which I'll discuss later, we're investing in international growth initiatives, product innovation and additional capacity, where appropriate. These investments are clearly paying off.  In the second quarter, revenue from China and Latin America increased 43% and 61%, respectively. We continue to make inroads into emerging economies, and I expect our penetration to increase over time, further supported by our newly expanded regional headquarter capabilities in Brazil and India.  I mentioned capacity investments. These additions are in process at many of our operations in China, including a new shared manufacturing facility in Suzhou and expansion of our electronics campus in Shenzhen. In addition, we have recently added MEMS production to our Knowles facility in Malaysia. Domestically, we have put more capacity into U.S. synthetics, and we are expanding the Knowles R&D facility. These projects all have significant strategic value and will help drive future growth. While we were focused on growth, we continue to look for opportunities to take out cost and streamline our businesses. In fact, we worked on several selective minor restructurings and integrations in the second quarter. In early July, we announced the completion of our Sound Solutions acquisition. This is a key addition for Dover and enables us to serve the fast-growing handset market even better. We now become a more significant supplier to our customers as we leverage technology and scale. Our postmerger integration team is already fully engaged, and I have the highest confidence they will create substantial value for their customers and for Dover. Our pipeline has matured and developed nicely, and I believe we will complete additional deals before the end of the year. Our focus continues to be on our 5 growth spaces and opportunities that provide synergies with existing businesses.  In summary, let me say I am very pleased with our performance in the first half of the year. We serve several end markets where growth continues to flourish, especially in the markets served by Energy and Fluid Solutions, handset markets and in developing economies. We will continue to deliver strong financial performance, while keeping a close eye on cost and market developments.  With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start by turning to Slide 3. Today, we reported second quarter revenue of $2.2 billion, an increase of 21%. Earnings per share increased 44% to $1.31. After adjusting for discrete tax benefits, EPS was $1.19, a 31% improvement. Segment margin for the quarter was 17.4%, up 50 basis points over the prior year. Margin performance was led by Fluid Management and Electronic Technologies.  Bookings increased 15% over last year to $2.2 billion and were broad-based with continued strength in Energy, Industrial Products and Fluid Solutions. Book-to-bill finished at a solid 1.03. Backlog grew 28% to $1.8 billion.  In the second quarter, we generated free cash flow of $136 million or 6.3% of revenue, impacted by the timing of CapEx investment and tax payments. We remain on target for full year cash flow generation to be 10% to 11% of revenue. Turning to Slide 4. Second quarter revenue growth of 21% was comprised of 14% organic growth, 4% from acquisitions and 3% FX. Organic revenue growth was strong at all segments, with Industrial Products leading the way at 20%. Electronic Technologies and Fluid Management posted organic growth of 17% and 16%, respectively, while Engineered Systems grew 8%. For the quarter, the majority of our acquisition growth was at Fluid Management, where acquisitions contributed 14% of their growth. Now turning to Slide 5. Total revenue increased 10% over the first quarter. Engineered Systems grew sequential revenue 15%, driven by the normal seasonality of the retail refrigeration market. Electronic Technologies grew 11% from the seasonally slower first quarter. Industrial Products and Fluid Management increased 9% and 5%, respectively. Bookings declined 2% from the first quarter of 2011. Of note, bookings were down 6% at Electronic Technologies and were heavily influenced by weaker solar equipment orders in the second quarter. Now turning to Slide 6. Industrial Products posted revenue of $566 million and $73 million of earnings, an increase of 23% and 19%, respectively. This marks the eighth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue gain. Industrial Products operating margin was 12.9%, a decrease of 40 basis points from the prior year. Benefits from volume increases were offset by product mix, the continued incremental investment in product and business development activities and onetime gains on the sale of facilities in the second quarter of 2010. Bookings were $628 million, an increase of 23%, resulting in a solid book-to-bill of 1.11. This growth was influenced by strong downstream Energy orders and steady growth in our infrastructure-related businesses.  With respect to our Material Handling platform, sales increased 29% to $277 million while earnings increased 22%. Strong top line results continue to be driven by increased activity across the majority of end markets, including Energy and infrastructure. In total, Material Handling's margins declined 90 basis points, largely reflecting the onetime gain in the second quarter of 2010. Adjusting for this gain, second quarter margin would have increased 70 basis points. For the quarter, bookings were $293 million, an increase of 31%, yielding a book-to-bill of 1.06. With respect to our Mobile Equipment platform, sales were $291 million, an increase of 17%. Earnings were up 15%. Margins decreased 30 basis points, primarily reflecting changes in product mix and production ramp-up costs. Bookings increased 16% to $336 million and book-to-bill finished at 1.16. Turning to Slide 7. At Engineered Systems, sales were $646 million, an increase of 12% year-over-year, and earnings increased 11% to $94 million. These results were all-time records. Operating margin was 14.6%, essentially flat with last year, reflecting strong volume leverage in Engineered Products, offset by Product ID. Bookings were $640 million, an increase of 6% over the prior year. Book-to-bill ended at 0.99. With respect to our Product Identification platform, second quarter sales were $239 million, an increase of 9%, which included 6% FX. Year-over-year earnings were flat. Margins decreased 150 basis points, primarily due to new product launch costs early in the quarter and increased sales activities. Bookings increased 7% to $239 million, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1. Bookings improved sequentially through the quarter, and we continue to see significant opportunities in front of Product ID as we focus on product development and sales and marketing activities. Moving to Engineered Products. Sales were $407 million, an increase of 14%, and earnings increased 24%, resulting in margin expansion of 140 basis points. This favorable margin performance was driven by volume gains and improvements in material price cost spread, especially at SWEP. Engineered Products bookings were $401 million, an increase of 6% over the prior year, resulting in a book-to-bill of 0.99.  As previously mentioned, we anticipate weaker market conditions for Hill PHOENIX for the remainder of the year, primarily the result of softer remodel activity for most food retailers. However, we expect Hill PHOENIX's strong position will enable them to continue to outpace their markets. Moving to Slide 8. Fluid Management produced another tremendous quarter. Revenue increased 32% to $535 million, while earnings increased 37% to $131 million. Acquisitions accounted for 14% of the growth. Operating margin was 24.6%, an 80 basis point improvement from last year. This positive margin performance was largely driven by volume gains. Bookings were $555 million, an increase of 33% from the prior year, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.04. We expect this segment's strong performance to continue. With respect to our Energy platform, revenue increased 49% to $321 million, while earnings increased 50% on rising U.S. rig counts, stable Energy prices and our recent acquisitions. Margin increased 40 basis points. We continue to see strong fundamentals in our served markets. Quarterly bookings increased 48% to $336 million, with roughly 1/3 of growth coming from acquisitions. Book-to-bill ended at 1.05. Now moving to Fluid Solutions. Revenue in this platform increased 14% to $214 million, and earnings improved 12%. Margins declined 40 basis points, driven by onetime costs associated with selective integration and restructuring activities. We continue to see broad-based growth driven by strength in many of our served markets, including petrochemical and Energy and our expansion efforts in Emerging Markets. Bookings increased 14% year-over-year to $219 million, and book-to-bill remains solid at 1.02. Turning to Slide 9. Electronic Technologies revenue was $412 million, an increase of 19%. This result was driven by strong solar sales and solid results for electronic assembly and test equipment and MEMS microphones. Our companies serving the telecom markets continue to post more modest results. Earnings increased to $77 million, a 29% improvement over last year. Operating margin was very strong at 18.6%, 140 basis point expansion, reflecting good leverage on volume. Bookings were $394 million, essentially flat with last year. Book-to-bill ended at 0.95, reflecting a significant drop in demand for solar products, greatly influenced by the lack of clarity on European solar subsidies. We expect this trend will likely to continue in the near term. Adjusting for solar equipment revenue and orders, book-to-bill would have been 1.06. Our electronic assembly equipment and test companies posted a 39% jump in revenue year-over-year and continued to expand margin. Growth was across all businesses, with solar being the biggest driver of revenue growth and margin expansion.  Lastly, our communication components companies' revenue increased 7% on strength at Knowles, particularly MEMS. We expect favorable performance at Knowles to continue. Going to Slide 10. Second quarter net interest expense was $28 million, an increase of $1 million over last year and in line with our expectations. Corporate expense was up $3 million from the prior year to $35 million and also in line with our expectations.  With respect to taxes, our second quarter tax rate was 20.2%. The rate was positively impacted by a $0.12 EPS benefit from discrete federal tax settlements. Adjusting for this benefit, the second quarter rate would have been 27.4%. We now expect the full year normalized effective tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 27.5%. Now turning to Slide 11. Given our strong second quarter and the addition of Sound Solutions, we are now forecasting full year revenue growth of 18% to 20%, an increase of 6 percentage points from our prior forecast. Organic growth increases 3 points to 12% to 14% while acquisition growth, including Sound Solutions, is expected to contribute 6%.  Breaking down organic growth by segment. We now expect Engineered Systems will be in the range of 7% to 9%, up 1 percentage point. Electronic Technologies will be in the range of 12% to 14%, also an increase of 1 point. Fluid Management's revenue growth is now forecasted to be in the range of 14% to 16%, up 4 percentage points. This significant increase is driven by broad-based growth in their end markets. Lastly, Industrial Products is now forecasted to be in the range of 12% to 14%, also an increase of 4 points. This increase represents stronger-than-anticipated first half revenue and the continued recovery in mid and late cycle businesses within this segment.  Now with regard to acquisition growth. Fluid Management should see -- should increase 13%, largely driven by Harbison-Fischer. In total, Fluid Management's revenue will increase 27% to 29%. Electronic Technologies acquisitions, primarily Knowles Sound Solutions, will add 14 points on top of their already strong organic growth for full year growth of 26% to 28%. Lastly, Industrial Products acquisitions should add around 1%.  Corporate expense, interest expense and CapEx are unchanged from our previous guidance. And as mentioned, we expect a slightly lower full year normalized tax rate. Now let's go to the full year earnings bridge on Slide 12. Volume, product mix and pricing should increase earnings $0.67 to $0.76. This reflects an improvement from our previous guidance, primarily reflecting strong organic growth. Net productivity is expected to yield $0.26 to $0.30. We expect completed acquisitions to deliver $0.06 to $0.07, down $0.04 from the midpoint of our previous guidance, driven by the Sound Solutions acquisition. Investments will impact EPS $0.16 to $0.20, and interest expense will have a $0.03 impact. Lastly, our normalized tax rate and discrete tax benefits will add a total of $0.23. In total, we are now forecasting full year EPS to be in the range of $4.50 to $4.60.  In summary, we have increased guidance $0.17 from the previous midpoint. Breaking this down, $0.12 is from a discrete tax benefit and $0.02 from a lower tax rate. Sound Solutions will be $0.03 to $0.05 dilutive while improved performance adds $0.07 to our revised guidance. Before I turn it back to Bob, I want to briefly review the performance of Sound Solutions in 2011 and our expectations for 2012 on Slide 13. In 2011, we anticipate revenue of $190 million to $200 million. While second half revenue in total is consistent with our prior expectations, revenue will accelerate from the third to fourth quarter as we significantly ramp up new customers and products. This ramp is principally connected to the Nokia market share losses and significant business increases with other customers.  We expect Knowles Sound Solutions to be $0.03 to $0.05 dilutive in 2011, reflecting changes in customer mix, ramp-up costs for new customers and the timing of onetime acquisition-related expenses. Of course, this estimate is subject to finalization of purchase accounting. The bulk of these acquisition expenses and ramp-up costs will be recognized in the third quarter, largely driving dilution of $0.06 to $0.08. In the fourth quarter, we expect this acquisition to be approximately $0.03 accretive. Now with regard to 2012. We anticipate Knowles Sound Solutions will generate full year revenue of $400 million to $410 million and be $0.18 to $0.22 accretive.  With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thank you, Brad. We had a very strong first half, and I fully expect this to continue to post outstanding results. We entered the second half of the year facing a few uncertainties in the macro environment. That said, Dover will continue to achieve meaningful growth, with second half revenue up 17%, including 9% organic. Product innovation and geographic expansion activities, our increasing penetration in the energy and handset markets and our mid and late cycle businesses, especially Fluid Solutions, will give us many opportunities for growth. I am confident Dover will continue to win in its markets.  In closing, I'd like to acknowledge the fine award received by our U.S. Synthetic's team. They recently won The Shingo award, a very prestigious recognition of operational excellence. U.S. Synthetic's achievement is a significant tribute to their employees, and it also reflects the Dover-wide emphasis on lean practices and operational excellence.  As always, I want to thank our employees, customers and suppliers around the world. Our strong results are a testament to their tireless efforts and support.  Now Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. At this point, I'd like to turn it back to Misty. Misty, if you could please compile the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with Nomura Securities.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Can you just give us a little more color on Product ID with the investment launch costs in the quarter, how big were they, when do they end and when do the products launch and how you're feeling about it?
Robert Livingston: I would say that the bulk of the product launch costs are behind us, and I would say most of the onetime costs associated with that, actually, early in the quarter, Shannon. In fact, April was enough of a hit on some of these onetime costs that it did sort of distort the activity and results for the entire second quarter. I think in Brad's comments, we made the comment that their margins in the second quarter were down about 150 basis points, and all of that activity was actually in the month of April. Our activity in May and June returned to a more normal and expected rate. I think if you look forward into the second half, we show continuing growth on Product ID. I think our internal forecast that we're executing to has organic growth in the second half of 11%. 4 points of that is FX, so about 7% core.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. And the products hit the market when?
Robert Livingston: I think we actually started shipping in late first quarter. I don't have an exact date. But I know it was in the first quarter.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay. And then what was the growth in Knowles specifically for the quarter? And where do you guys stand on capacity expansions there?
Robert Livingston: The growth at Knowles was in the MEMS business. Capacity expansion, gosh, I don't have the exact number sitting here with me on the call, but I think our target as we exit 2011 is to have production capability of approaching 90 million units a month. And that is supported by some CapEx and capacity expansion that we have been funding here in the first half of the year.
Brad Cerepak: Shannon, I will note, and I think I commented on this in my opening comments, very pleased to report that in the month of July, and I recognize the month's not over yet, so next week, we will actually produce and ship our first MEMS microphone out of the Malaysia facility.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions on Sound Solutions. One of the other industrials talked about pretty substantial increases in the cost of rare earth magnets. If I'm not mistaken, I think Sound Solutions' speakers employ some of this technology. Have you guys seen comparable sort of component cost increases? And I'm just wondering how you sort of manage around that. And I may be wrong with that. I just want to ask what your perspective is.
Robert Livingston: No, you're spot on, John. We do use magnets in the products at Sound Solutions. The increase over the last 12 to 15 months has been rather significant. We don't see that increase impacting our third quarter results. Primarily, I'll confess, going into the third quarter, we had actually bought -- Sound Solutions had actually bought forward enough that it pretty much covered their third quarter requirement. We do have a bit of that exposure going into the fourth quarter. But John, our attitude right now is we think we have a clear path to cover those increases with price increases.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Is that because, Bob, the magnets as the percent of the total is not that great? Or there's other issues that allow you to kind of pass that through?
Robert Livingston: No, I would say the bulk of the price increases that we may be looking at in the fourth quarter are going to be a direct result of the magnet increase.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Brad, appreciate the color on the drivers of the weaker incrementals and Industrial Products and Engineered Systems. And I'm just wondering if you could follow on as to what the expectations for the second half on incrementals are for both of those businesses. Back into the 20% to 25% range? Or there are some other things that we need to account for?
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So you know that we have improved the incrementals from first quarter to second quarter. I would say we went from around 19%, 20% in the first quarter to about 21%, 22% in the second. We're expecting to get back to -- in mid-20s in the third quarter and complete the year at about the mid-20 range, which is consistent with what we've been saying. I would point out, though, the incrementals that I'm talking about right now exclude the impact of Sound Solutions, which, based upon the dilution and the discussion we just had, will have a significant impact in the second half. So our numbers are staying and standing up to say our incrementals will increase in the second half to mid-20s just before Sound Solutions.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then, Bob, you sounded very encouraged about opportunities on the acquisition front in the second half of the year. And I just wondered if you'll put a little more color around platforms and how accretion might look relative to the some of the deals you've done over the past 12 to 18 months given that, presumably, valuations have moved higher?
Robert Livingston: Well, I think in my comments, I did say that the acquisitions that we have in our pipeline, the bulk of them are in the 5 growth spaces that we've been focused on for the last 2 or 2.5 years. Do not expect a large acquisition to be announced in the second half of this year, along the lines of the Sound Solutions or Harbison-Fischer. I think the deals in our pipeline are in the more typical range that you saw us execute on in '09 and '10. And without -- I don't have an average and I can't sit here and predict what exactly will close between now and year-end. But you should expect, even though prices in the market have moved up a bit over the past several months, we have some very interesting synergistic opportunities. They will be accretive.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just a lot of moving parts on the tax side, and I just want to make sure that we are all on kind of the same page for the second half. So what is the actual operating profit, the absolute operating profit that Sound Solutions will be kind of contributing or subtracting in the third quarter? Is it around like $10 million, $15 million?
Brad Cerepak: Okay. So in terms of the impact, I'll start with pretax if that's...
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, I'm just talking about just trying to get -- I just want to make sure my Electronic Technologies margin -- I think it'll be helpful to just have people's bar -- the bar set appropriately.
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So the pretax, let's say at the segment income level, Steve, all in with integration and remaining deal cost to the extent is going to be between $12 million and $13 million of a loss. We expect, let's just say, of that amount, a good part of that, about $16 million of cost are one-off in nature, related around integration deal cost and the amortization of the step-ups of inventory that go through in the first couple of months of the acquisition.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then what comes back in the fourth quarter? Basically, that $16 million comes back in the fourth quarter?
Brad Cerepak: Okay. Wait a minute. I was talking the full second half. So...
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Oh, so you're talking full second half. Okay. Well, just maybe quarter-to-quarter.
Brad Cerepak: If you want to talk quarter-to-quarter, the way -- we kind of gave you some guidance on that, and I would see the 12-13 split, basically 17, 18 of a loss in the third quarter and 5 profit in the fourth.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And thinking about the margin -- that's very helpful. And thinking about the margin opportunity, in Sound Solutions, I think the core OP is kind of right around where Knowles is. As you guys ramp up on Knowles, is there incremental opportunity? Or is this -- it is such a strong margin already that this kind of entire segment should kind of bounce around or maybe with a little bit of upward bias [ph] in kind of the low 20s? Is that kind of a good longer-term target for the new combined entity x all the noise?
Robert Livingston: Let me make a first cut at that, Steve, and then Brad can add some detail. I want to step back and give you a little bit of color here on what we're seeing at Sound Solutions. And I'm sure this has been widely published and discussed in some of the business journals. But as this business entered the third quarter, we clearly are dealing with customer transition issues. They're centered around Nokia. If you look back at 2010, Nokia probably represented about 65% of Sound Solutions business. As Nokia has suffered over the last couple of quarters with market share loss and as we have pretty quickly transitioned to bringing new customers on as we entered the third quarter going into the fourth quarter, our expectation for 2012, now this is a transition over a 2-year period, but our expectation for 2012 is that our business with Nokia actually may only represent about 35% to 40% of our total. The bulk of this transition to new customers is actually taking place here in the second half of this year. So if you get beyond some of the ramp-up cost and customer conversion cost that we're going to eat mostly here in the third quarter, a little bit of it flowing into the fourth quarter, and you look at 2012 as a steady run rate, the EBITDA target that we shared with you folks about 6 or 8 months ago on the initial call, high 20s, we fully expect to have Sound Solutions at that high 20 EBITDA rate in the second half of next year. How early in the first half is going to depend upon some of the customer transitions that we make over the next couple of quarters. With respect to Knowles, I don't think you should model continuing margin expansion at Knowles. You may see a little bit of noise and perturbation from quarter-to-quarter but that's going to depend upon product mix and customer mix, but this business operates at quite high operating margins today. And I would tell you that our focus here for the next couple of years is not to expand the margins but to expand the market.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then, the electronic components business grew 10% in the first quarter, 7% in the second quarter. I think you've guided, at least in your presentation that you gave at your investor, recent investor event, you kind of guided Knowles up. It looks like about 10% in revenues for the year. So is that the kind of -- when we look at the electronic components number, is that kind of how we can think about Knowles growing at like a 3% to 5% pre-end to that number and then the other component businesses at a little bit of a lower rate? Is that kind of a good way to think about it?
Robert Livingston: Well, again, it actually does depend upon what's going on in the markets a little bit. I think as -- longer term it is probably a good way to look at it. On a shorter term, you're going to get some noise. The...
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And this is at Sound Solutions, of course?
Robert Livingston: The market area that may see the short -- the strongest growth in the second half of this year, organically, may actually be telecom infrastructure.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And what's the volume growing at Knowles? Last question, sorry. If you're going to 90 a month, I mean volume must just be absolutely reaping with all the iPhone stuff, right?
Robert Livingston: Steve, I will tell you that when you look at our production schedule for the balance of this year, we're not building inventory.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Right. So I mean it's up really, like, more than 20%?
Robert Livingston: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse.
Unknown Analyst - : It's actually Charlie for Julian. I just had a question. I know just a previous question about kind of magnets and pricing there. You guys had called out just some favorable -- a favorable price cost spread in the Engineered Products business. I just didn't know if looking at the back half of the year, there were any other places obviously besides the magnets that you guys would maybe want to call out that kind of we should keep an eye on?
Robert Livingston: Well, let me try to answer that. I guess the call-out on Engineered, and SWEP in particular, is we've been watching them very carefully with respect to copper and the other commodity cost that are in their products. And we came out of the first quarter with expectations that it would level off and would only impact us about $0.10 for the whole year. That still remains unchanged. And the good news is SWEP has made a lot of progress in being able to pass that cost through. So actually, quarter-to-quarter, we've seen an improvement in that price material spread. The numbers I'm getting is pre-Sound Solutions, and the magnet impact that Bob was talking about is really something that's incremental to my discussion.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay. And then just in Electronics businesses, are you guys seeing any excess inventory in the channel at all? Just anywhere within any of your businesses?
Robert Livingston: Is it a general question? Are you referring to equipment or components?
Unknown Analyst - : Just either. Just complementary [ph] to other companies.
Robert Livingston: Gosh, I'd have to say no.
Unknown Analyst - : So Solar, clearly a demand thing? Or just in terms of book-to-bill of the other businesses?
Robert Livingston: And as we mentioned, we've seen some slowdown in order rates here in the second quarter. And frankly, we're attributing the bulk of that slowdown to sort of the uncertainty around the continuing -- or what the continuing level of subsidies are going to be in Europe for Solar rollout.
Unknown Analyst - : So you said [indiscernible] ex-Solar, right?
Robert Livingston: Not Bad. I would -- yes, ex-Solar. But I -- the answer would be no.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Thank you for pushing this call back. You did us all a favor. Can you give us a little -- on Product ID, Bob, just going back to that a little bit, can you give us -- so you've kind of taken the cost. Are the products completely rolled out and commercially available at this point? And if not, how does that actually really roll out in the back half?
Robert Livingston: Well, there are stages. So the products that were scheduled to roll out in the first quarter have been rolled out. But there are some upgrades, and I would call them feature ads that are scheduled to be -- that are scheduled to hit commercially later this year and going into the early part of next year.
Brad Cerepak: That's normal.
Robert Livingston: Well, that's sort of normal anyway.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Okay. And can you give us a little more color on Hill PHOENIX, specifically how it performed in the quarter and understanding the dynamic on the retrofits in the back half but what kind of tailing off we should expect in the back half?
Robert Livingston: Okay. So second quarter comments. Let's see. Sales were up 6%. They had a strong quarter, and I think that shouldn't be a surprise. We were probably signaling that with the strong order rates that Hill PHOENIX had in the first quarter. Interestingly enough, even with the sales increase and in this very competitive market, the team at Hill PHOENIX did an outstanding job on execution and actually increased -- actually improved margins about 60 or 65 basis points. We do see a little bit of a different profile in the second half of the year. I would label the bulk of that change between first half and second half to simply be around project move-ins and move-outs between second and third quarter or vice versa. Jeff, for the full year, and I know I don't usually provide this kind of color on an individual business, but for the full year, when we account for some of, I call it, quiet divestitures that we've made here at Hill PHOENIX over the last several months, actually, I would say in last year, we actually divested a couple of branch activities, revenue at Hill PHOENIX for the year is going to be up about 5% in a down market.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And one last one, if I could sneak it in. Sound Solutions revenue for the full year 2011, if we think about it all-in pro forma for the first half?
Robert Livingston: Oh, gosh. Okay. I don't have first half here.
Brad Cerepak: 370-ish, roughly speaking, if I recall properly. Somewhere in that range.
Robert Livingston: No, it's -- for 2011?
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Robert Livingston: Okay. Yes.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: 370?
Brad Cerepak: Yes, roughly 370.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wendy Caplan from SunTrust.
Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: A couple of things. Some of the other companies reporting -- industrial companies reporting lately have been talking, have been reporting higher inventory levels issues of supply chain concerns. Your inventories are up kind of mid-single digits well below your revenue growth. Are you building inventory anywhere in particular related to supply chain disruptions? And/or are there any that you're concerned about? Any issues other than what you've already talked about?
Robert Livingston: A couple of very specific responses, and I guess if you want more color, we'll see where this goes. But no, we're not building inventory. In fact, I actually think our -- you mentioned inventory dollars may have gone up a bit in the second quarter. I actually think our inventory turns in the second quarter sequentially improved slightly, Wendy. And is there any area where we're actually concerned about inventory? Well, as I responded to someone else's question earlier with respect to Knowles and our MEMS, we are shipping everything we can produce right now.
Brad Cerepak: We would like to have some inventory there.
Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Any issues in terms of particular supply chain issues for you?
Robert Livingston: No.
Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: No. Okay. And anything unhealthy? Just to get the answer, any share gains that you can discuss? And the same question, any kind of share shift in Product ID?
Robert Livingston: Well, it's much more difficult to talk about share at Product ID because we don't have industry data. On Hill PHOENIX, let me give you a response, and it's around the case business, Wendy, not so much the systems business but the case business, because we do see some fairly concrete and hard data on that activity. Last year, 2010, Hill PHOENIX had about 36%, maybe 37% market share here in North America for case units. Through May, that share is up maybe 3 points. That's through May. If you look at the second half, obviously, I don't see a forecast on share. But just knowing what's going on in the market and knowing what our forecast is, I'm not expecting Hill PHOENIX to be losing share in the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gaffner with Barclays Capital.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: I just wanted to follow up on the last couple of questions on Hill PHOENIX. I mean obviously, you're gaining share, your top competitors having some issues currently. I just wonder what does that do for the competitive landscape? Are you seeing more price competition? Are you worried about that, maybe, even the second half of the year or even as we go into 2012? I mean what's your sort of sense of the industry right now?
Robert Livingston: It's pretty competitive. Has been or -- I wouldn't label that as something that's unique to the first half of 2011. I would say that this market at HP, Hill PHOENIX, plays in has been rather price competitive for the past 18 months. Expectations going forward, I would expect it to continue for a while before we would see anything different in that market. But it has been a rather competitive market for the last 6 quarters.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just moving over to the acquisition pipeline. You said it was nice and robust, but if that doesn't...
Robert Livingston: No, I said mature and developing.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: All right, mature and developing. So if it doesn't develop fully into some acquisitions that you can close, because it sounds like maybe some of the targets are a little concerned on the price that they're getting just from other commentary we've heard in the quarter, I mean when do you decide to, maybe, redeploy that to share buyback or something else?
Robert Livingston: I am fully expecting to close on some acquisitions between now and year end.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Fair enough.
Robert Livingston: Share repurchase is not on our discussion list for the second half of this year.
Scott Gaffner - Barclays Capital: Okay. And then just lastly, on the tax rate, you took down the guidance this year for -- to 27% to 27.5%. You had -- last time you gave longer-term guidance, you said the sustainable rate you thought it would be 29% to 30%. Is there something that's changed? Or maybe you can work out sustainable tax rate down a little bit lower over time?
Robert Livingston: Well, I guess at one point, we were talking 29% to 30%. I think where we are today is more indicative of where we would expect to be in longer term. And what's happening is we're seeing a mix change to our international businesses where our income stream is more moving towards international markets. And obviously, we have a pretty efficient tax structure there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Let's try this again. Okay. So Electronic Technologies, if you were to x out Solar and Knowles, obviously, the macro data has been very sloppy. What's been going on in those businesses? And what do you believe -- what's embedded in your outlook for the rest of the year?
Robert Livingston: Well, you're actually asking us to do some slicing and dicing here. So you're saying ex-Solar and ex-Knowles?
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Right. It's kind of the old line businesses.
Robert Livingston: Okay. So let me -- I'm not going to have exact numbers here. I'm not...
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just roughly, Bob.
Robert Livingston: Okay. So let's talk about the 3 equipment companies ex-Solar. First half revenue was up 15% or maybe even 20% over last year, John. Let's see. I haven't done it this way. I'm not sure I can give you guidance here on what we would -- on how the second half would compare, but I do know, just looking at those businesses again, pulling out Solar, we would expect the second half for those 3 companies to be rather flat with the first half. But I don't have last year's data, so I'm not sure what the growth rates are.
Brad Cerepak: If there are some tougher comps.
Robert Livingston: Yes, I know we have tougher comps, but I just don't know what the comparison would be. But I can tell you that the second half revenue we're looking at would be rather flat with the first half.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: The reason I'm asking, Bob, people see this weak macro text data and then there's some people forget about Knowles, right, and you just immediately run to Dover saying that should be tough. Is there some obvious reasons because flat would be probably pretty good performance relative to the past growth?
Robert Livingston: Okay. So let me explain something to you. We have gone through this the last couple of years. As we go into the second half of the year and we look at these 3 equipment businesses that serve electronic assembly and semicon test [ph], and we've always said, historically, we expect to see a slowdown in the fourth quarter because that's just sort of happens within this market. And John, in '09 and '10, it did not happen. In '09 and '10, we actually continued to ramp up into the fourth quarter. I will tell you that when I say the second half of 2011 is flat with the first half, I am -- we are expecting a more normal profile, third quarter tailing down a bit going into the fourth quarter to reflect some normal seasonality. But we are not -- with the limited visibility we have right now, we're not seeing a fall-off. We are planning for some normal seasonality.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's helpful. And then just lastly, Bob, you've made specific comments around the higher or elevated prospects of divesting construction businesses. And presuming the accounting is going to require you to put those into the disc ops, what are your thoughts around, maybe a question for Brad, but how should we sort of be thinking about the timing of that? And all else equal, I mean wouldn't that -- I'm assuming this is going to be dilutive, right, to margins? Can you give us -- I'm sorry, dilutive to earnings. Is there any way you can sort of help to frame that a little bit for us when this happens?
Robert Livingston: We will frame that for you when it happens. As I commented a few weeks ago, we are engaged with Legard [ph]. They're working with us working with us to look at our options and to help us with the evaluation and valuation. Right now I would expect to be able to share something much more definitive with you by year end, but at this point in time, John, I'm going to elect to not share more than I already have.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: No, that's fine. So in other words, we're probably not likely to see anything before year end just based on what you said. And maybe you could just remind us, what do you expect based on your guidance, these construction businesses to contribute this year in terms of earnings?
Brad Cerepak: Oh, I think what we have been saying is, that around 6% or so of sales.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: 6% or 7%.
Brad Cerepak: 6% to 7%. And we said that they're low double-digit EBIT margin. So I think that's to frame it for you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Misty. This concludes our conference call. Thank you for joining us this morning, and we look forward to speaking to you with results from our third quarter. Thanks, and have a good weekend. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's Second Quarter 2011 Dover Corporation's Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Robert Livingston - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Paul Goldberg - Director of Investor Relations and Treasurer Brad Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the First Quarter 2011 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation; Brad Cerepak, Vice President and CFO of Dover Corporation; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations at Dover Corporation. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's First Quarter Earnings Call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's first quarter operating and financial performance, and follow with our outlook for the remainder of 2011. We will then open the call up to questions and as a courtesy, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, Form 10-Q and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 5, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1 (800) 642-1687. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following reservation code: 55947580. And before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of those factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Dover had an excellent start to 2011 as the momentum that was evident last year continued to build in the first quarter. We continue to see strong trends in mobile handsets, solar equipment, the oil and gas market and global industrial production. These trends are reflected in our strong first quarter results and give me the confidence to increase our full year expectations. All segments achieved double-digit revenue growth and higher margins, absent deal cost. For the first quarter, orders were up 27% and revenue, 24%. Our first quarter order rates of $2.2 billion were at record level for Dover. As we discussed last quarter, we are making deliberate decisions to invest for growth. In addition to acquisitions, we continue to dedicate significant time and resources on international growth initiatives and product innovation.  In the first quarter, our incremental investments in engineering and sales and marketing, especially in emerging economies, are driving emerging market growth. First quarter revenue derived from Asia and Latin America was 20% of Dover's total with a collective growth rate of 38%. We believe this trend is sustainable over the midterm. As we did in China in 2009, we are now putting the necessary infrastructure in place in Brazil and India to ensure we are well positioned to fully participate in these key growth markets. While still relatively small, our first quarter growth rate was 28% in Brazil and 38% in India. Acquisition activity continued in the first quarter as we closed on four deals for a combined purchase price of $425 million. In particular, I could not be more pleased with results thus far of Harbison-Fischer, the largest of these acquisitions. Customer feedback has been quite positive with respect to our combined offerings in artificial lift. The integration is proceeding at a pace faster than originally anticipated, and we are seeing early success in our efforts to expand into international markets. As you recall, in December, we announced the signing of the agreement to acquire Sound Solutions. We originally expected this acquisition to close around the end of the first quarter. We are diligently working through the regulatory approval process, which is taking longer than originally thought. As a result, we don't expect this deal to close before the mid of the second quarter. In addition, our acquisition pipeline is rebuilding nicely, a result of internal initiatives and an active M&A environment. I am confident we'll announce additional deals in 2011. Before I turn it over to Brad, let me say I am extremely pleased with the start to our year. We continue to deliver strong financial performance while keeping our eye on our longer-term objectives.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start by turning to Slide 3. Today, we reported first quarter revenue of $2 billion, an increase of 24%. Earnings per share increased 48% to $0.96. After adjusting for discrete tax benefit, EPS was $0.92, a 42% improvement. Segment margin for the quarter was 15.6%, up 60 basis points. Margins increased at all segments, absent onetime deal costs. Bookings increased 27% over last year to $2.2 billion and were broad-based with virtually all companies showing year-over-year improvement. This increase was aided by some accelerated bookings related to energy and military customers. Book-to-bill finished at a very strong 1.15. Backlog grew 37% to $1.7 billion. In the first quarter, we generated free cash flow of $80 million. We remain confident that our full year free cash flow generation will be in the range of 10% to 11% of revenue. Turning to Slide 4. First quarter organic revenue growth was 19%, with acquisitions contributing 4% and FX adding 1%. Organic revenue growth was double-digit at all segments. Electronic Technologies increased 27%. Industrial Products and Fluid Management both posted organic growth of 20%, while Engineered Systems grew 14%. For the quarter, the majority of our acquisition growth was at Fluid Management, where acquisitions contributed 14% of their total growth of 34%. Turning to Slide 5, which shows our sequential growth. For the quarter, Fluid Management grew sequential revenues 16%, driven by robust energy markets, while Industrial Products and Engineered Systems increased 7% and 2%, respectively. As expected, the normal seasonality of the global electronics market resulted in a sequential revenue decline at Electronic Technologies of 8%. Bookings increased 17% over the fourth quarter 2010, reflecting solid demand. We are seeing particular strength in Industrial Products, Energy, Fluid Solution and Engineered Products, including the normal seasonal ramp-up at Hill PHOENIX. Industrial Products and Energy's strong bookings were driven in part by some accelerated orders from military and energy-related products. Now turning to Slide 6. Industrial Products posted revenue of $519 million and $64 million of earnings, an increase of 21% and 26%, respectively. This quarter marks the seventh consecutive quarter of sequential revenue gains. Industrial Product's operating margin was 12.4%, up 50 basis points from the prior year, as benefits from volume increases and productivity were partially offset by product mix and incremental investment in product and business development activities. Bookings were $625 million, an increase of 44%, resulting in a strong book-to-bill of 1.21. This growth was influenced by pricing actions, a significant military order and strong activity in our companies that serve the downstream energy market. With respect to our Material Handling platform, sales increased 34% to $253 million, while earnings increased 45%. Strong results continue to be driven by increased activity across most end markets, including infrastructure and energy. In total, Material Handling's margins were up 130 basis points, reflecting volume increases and improving productivity.  For the quarter, bookings were $289 million, an increase of 41%, yielding a book-to-bill of 1.14. With respect to our mobile equipment platforms, sales were $267 million, an increase of 11%. Earnings of $38 million were up 4%. Margins decreased 100 basis points, primarily reflecting changes in product mix on lower defense and refuse vehicle sales. Book-to-bill finished at 1.26, as we continue to see significant orders for our crude oil and dry bulk trailers. Turning to Slide 7. At Engineered Systems, sales were $560 million, an increase of 16% year-over-year, and segment earnings increased 23% to $67 million. Operating margin was 12%, a 70 basis point improvement from last year, reflecting volume leverage, partially offset by material cost escalation. Bookings were $633 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year. Book-to-bill ended at 1.13. With respect to our Product Identification platform, first quarter sales were $226 million, an increase of 7%, which included a 2% gain from FX. Year-over-year earnings increased only 5%, as margins decreased 30 basis points, primarily due to new product costs and increases in investment in emerging markets. Revenue was also impacted by some softness in the U.S., although China and Latin America saw growth rates of 11% and 34%, respectively. Bookings increased 6% to $233 million, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.03. Moving to Engineered Products. The strong results for this platform are broad-based, as each company reported improved revenue and earnings. Sales were $334 million, an increase of 23%. Earnings increased 46%, resulting in margin expansion of 190 basis points. This favorable margin performance was largely driven by volume and productivity improvements. We experienced some material cost escalations in the quarter, and pricing actions are underway to narrow the price cost spread. Engineered Products bookings were $400 million, an increase of 9% over the prior year, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.20. Now moving to Slide 8. At Fluid Management, first quarter sales earnings and bookings were all-time highs. Revenue increased 34% to $509 million, while earnings increased 31% to $114 million. Acquisitions accounted for 13% of the growth. Operating margin was 22.3%, a decrease of 50 basis points from last year. Margin was impacted by acquisition costs of approximately $5 million. Adjusting for these costs, segment margin was 23.4%, a 60 basis point improvement over last year. With respect to our energy platform, revenue increased 48% to $304 million, while earnings increased 45% on rising North American rig counts and our recent acquisitions. We continue to see strong drilling activity. Margins remained very strong but decreased 70 basis points due to acquisition costs. Quarterly bookings increased 70% to $355 million, with about 1/3 of the bookings growth coming from acquisitions. Bookings ended at 1.17, as energy markets continued to be extremely strong. Moving to Fluid Solutions. This platform generated revenue of $206 million, an increase of 17%. We continue to see broad-based growth across many end markets, including chemical, food and beverage and transportation. Our emerging market initiatives are gaining traction, contributing 33% growth in China. Earnings increased 22%, resulting in an 80 basis point margin improvement. Bookings increased 22% year-over-year to $218 million, and the book-to-bill remained solid at 1.06. Turning to Slide 9. Electronic Technologies revenue was $373 million, an increase of 28%. We continue to see strong sales of electronic assembly and test equipment, MEMS microphones and solar products. Our company serving the telecom markets had more modest results, due to softer telecom CapEx spending. Earnings increased to $60 million, a 33% improvement over last year. Operating margin was 16%, a 60 basis point expansion. Bookings were $420 million, up 17% over last year. Book-to-bill ended at 1.13. Our electronic assembly equipment and test companies posted a 62% jump in revenue year-over-year and continued to expand margin. In particular, DEK solar products have been quite successful, resulting in several new customer wins. In total, solar products drove half of the revenue growth in electronic assembly and test. Book-to-bill was 1.22, representing a normal seasonal upswing and strength in solar bookings. Lastly, our communication component companies posted another solid quarter in revenue, as strength at Knowles, particularly MEMS, was partially offset by telecom CapEx softness at Vectron and CMP. Communication components exited the quarter with a book-to-bill of 1.05. Going to Slide 10. We took advantage of historically low interest rates and issued new long-term debt totaling $800 million in February. The proceeds were used to fund maturing notes and acquisitions in the quarter. As a result of the incremental new debt, first quarter net interest expense was $28 million, an increase of $1 million over last year. Full year interest expense is now expected to be up approximately $10 million from our prior forecast. Corporate expense was up $3 million from the prior year to $36 million, in line with our expectations for the quarter. With respect to taxes, our first quarter tax rate was 23.9%. The rate was positively impacted by a $0.04 EPS benefit from discrete state tax settlements and a more favorable mix of non-U.S. earnings. Adjusting for the discrete tax benefit, the first quarter rate would have been 27.2%. Going forward, our strong growth outside the U.S. is now expected to reduce our full year rate to 27% to 28%, or one point lower than our prior guidance. Now turning to Slide 11. Given the strong first quarter bookings, we are now forecasting organic revenue growth of 9% to 11% and expect completed acquisitions to contribute around 3%. Therefore, our total revenue growth is expected to be 12% to 14%.  Breaking down the organic growth by segment. We now expect Engineered Systems revenue should increase one point from our prior forecast and now be in the range of 6% to 8%. Electronic Technologies' revenue should increase two points from our prior forecast and now be in the range of 11% to 13%. Fluid Management's revenue should increase 3 points from our prior forecast for a new range of 10% to 12%. This increase is driven by broad-based improvements in their end markets. Lastly, Industrial Products should increase of 5 points from our prior forecast to be in the range of 8% to 10%. This significant increase is largely driven by strong infrastructure in energy markets. With respect to acquisition growth, Industrial Products and Electronic Technologies should add around 1% on top of their organic growth range. Fluid Management's acquisition growth should be an additional 12%, largely driven by their acquisition of Harbison-Fischer. So in total, Fluid Management's revenue should increase 22% to 24%. Corporate expense and CapEx are unchanged from our previous guidance. As mentioned, interest expense will be up due to our recent debt issuance, and we expect the full year tax rate to be in the range of 27% to 28%. Now let's go to the full year earnings bridge on Slide 12. Volume product mix and pricing should increase earnings $0.57 to $0.71, with volume being the largest driver. Net productivity is expected to yield $0.26 to $0.30. We expect completed acquisitions to deliver $0.10 to $0.11, up $0.02 from our previous guidance. As discussed last quarter, investments will impact EPS $0.16 to $0.20. Interest expense will be $0.03 higher than previously forecasted. Lastly, our reduced full year tax rate, due to the strength of our international earnings, should positively impact EPS $0.05. In total, we are now forecasting full year EPS to be in the range of $4.30 to $4.45. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. We had a strong first quarter. And as Brad just indicated, we are expecting strong results for the balance of the year. I believe we are well positioned and focused on the opportunities presented by the strengthening global economy and increasing demand for energy, continuing growth in wireless communications and the significant infrastructure needs of emerging markets. I also think our positioning is quite well evidenced by our strong first quarter results, and I believe 2011 will be a great year for Dover.  In closing, I'd like to thank all our employees, customers and suppliers around the world. Our first quarter results would have been impossible to achieve without their strong efforts and support. Okay, Paul, let's take some questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. [Operator Instructions] So with that, I'd like to turn it over to Jackie to get some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jim Lucas with Janney Capital Markets.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: First question. On the Harbison-Fischer, you had indicated that the integration going ahead of plan, and was hoping you could give us a little bit more color of where specifically you're seeing that? And in conjunction with that, you had referred to some of the initial customer response. At what point would you expect to start seeing the revenue synergies from Harbison-Fischer being put into the portfolio?
Robert Livingston: Well, you asked two questions there. Let's talk about the activity in the first quarter. The integration activity, especially around the front end of the business sales and business development and marketing, is moving ahead of schedule. I think I commented in my prepared comments, with respect to our international sales successes and that activity, again, led by our infrastructure the NPS has put in place over the past year, did bring some orders in the first quarter that, quite frankly, we weren't planning on to occur in the first half of the year. I would also -- I guess the other thing I would add is that the activity around some of our supply chain initiatives, as we bring Harbison-Fischer online with some of those initiatives, has moved a little bit quicker in the first quarter than we had anticipated.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: And on the subject of supply chain, could you give us any update of what you're seeing with connection to what's happened in Japan, in particular? Maybe not so much your supply chain, but your customer supply chain?
Robert Livingston: Gosh, Jim, it's kind of difficult for me to talk about our customer's supply chain. First of all, let me sort of preface this. From a revenue perspective, Japan is a rather small market for Dover. I think maybe it represents maybe 1% of our revenue. So it's from an impact on Dover on that perspective, it's rather modest. This did receive a fair amount of attention around Dover and our businesses after the earthquake and tsunami in Japan. And I think our concerns at that time were probably, or not probably, were much higher than they are today. The impact is rather modest. It's mostly around some specialty bearings and some electronic assemblies, all of which were -- we've got workarounds with other suppliers or with second source suppliers. I don't believe it has had an impact on any of our customer service activity to date. It is something that we're watching, not just with our direct suppliers, but as you point out, with our customer's suppliers. And as of yet, we are not seeing any pushback from supply disruptions from Japan.
James Lucas - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: The margin there, you know I ask every single quarter, what's the forward band? Any kind of change in dynamics? How's pricing there? All of the old service guys are saying very, very positive things about the U.S. land business and the lack of capacity relative to the dramatic demand that's out there. So maybe you could talk about if your views on -- over the next 18 months, the medium-term margin potential there, x the deals, what that looks like.
Robert Livingston: I'm not going to sit here and give you a response on a 18-month viewpoint. But for the balance of the year, I think you can expect margins to reflect what you saw here in the first quarter. We do see some material inflation headwinds in our energy businesses. But Steve, for the most part, we've been able to cover that with price increases. Demand is strong. Rate count here in North America was up in the first quarter versus year-end. Everybody's got a different forecast for rig count deployment. The ones that we follow and tend to center around do show continued modest increases in rig count deployment during the balance of the year. And again, I think I've said this before, if you watch, especially U.S. rig count deployment, that's a pretty good indicator of what's going on in our energy business.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And so there's not any -- like is there a big driver of content, given that these rigs, I guess, it’s a little more equipment and service intensive? Does that -- I guess that may benefit part of your business, but not all of your business? Is that how you look at it?
Brad Cerepak: We're going to see some benefit from that. But that's still is a rather small part of our business, Steve.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay, got you. And just across the board at the company, I might have missed this, but what is your -- what was the kind of price cost? It sounds like there was a bit of a headwind this quarter. And how do you kind of look at it through the rest of the year on net materials?
Brad Cerepak: Yes. So as you know, in the quarter, we saw some acceleration of materials, mainly in the area of steel. So as we entered the year, I think we said on the last call or we've been talking about having headwind of about 2 basis points, 20 basis points or so, about $0.05 of headwind on our EPS. Sitting here today, I think that doubled. So we see about $0.10-or-so, Steve. Now having said that, I'd say our teams have gotten very active and as we talked about at Dover Day on strategic pricing. So the way I see the year unfolding, if I take into account the price material spread, the negative impact there and our strategic pricing, I would expect, as we move through the year, that that would turn positive for us by the second half of the year.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then one last question. Ingersoll's made it official. They are going to go out and sell Hussmann. There's no way you guys could buy them from a -- is there an anti-trust issue there or are you guys
Brad Cerepak: I think that goes without saying, yes.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, Okay, all right. Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: So the Q called out 50 basis points. I guess $0.04 of the higher raw-material costs to just pick up on that theme. Brad, how is that skewed by the businesses? Because the profit conversion, or just resulting margins in electronics, were sort of lower versus what you might have otherwise thought just given the strong, still strong organic growth. Maybe you could talk a little bit about both those issues?
Brad Cerepak: Well, the $0.04 that you're referring to in the quarter, I would say, that, that really is skewed more towards the higher steel content. Because again, we entered in steel double the headwind in essence. So when I talk about our headwind going up from $0.05 to $0.10, it's almost all steel-driven. So if you think about it, it's our higher steel content businesses in the industrial products space and in the energy space and NPSs Bob was talking about.
Robert Livingston: And Engineered Products.
Brad Cerepak: And Engineered Products, especially with some steel content in stainless steel in Hill PHOENIX. You're asking a question about conversion. And conversion, it being DET, seasonally low first quarter. I think that you're specifically asking about DET. Their conversion was seasonally down. We don't see any real issue in terms of the rest of the year how that will unfold. In fact, very positive about DET's conversion for the rest of the year.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: So with respect and then DET, Brad, there were no -- for instance, business was so good you had to incur costs to satisfy demand or overtime or something? There was nothing unusual that you would call out from a cost structure with respect to DET this quarter, was there?
Brad Cerepak: I think the only thing unusual is, yes, we continue to work through the Sound Solutions transaction. We did have some deal costs in the quarter. That brought it down a bit. We're going to continue to see that as we continue to move towards closure there. But again, I guess, we do have some ramp-up in some of our investment in our solar business. But beyond that, nothing unusual.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: And can you remind -- you mentioned Sound Solutions. Can you remind us what the deal costs are? I think they're in the second quarter. And is that part of your annual guidance?
Robert Livingston: No. It's not in our guidance. We don't tend to forecast deals that are not complete. And in fact, we don't put the deal cost associated with that in the forecast as well. So when that transaction closes, that will be a prudent second quarter when we close it.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, but just so I understand, so the Harbison-Fischer deal costs are in the numbers this quarter. And you're saying that Sound Solutions deal cost, et cetera, are not in the numbers, but they will be included in the presentation number?
Brad Cerepak: Okay. So let me clarify. In the first quarter, we had deal costs as we continue to work on closing Sound Solution, that under accounting principles, need to be expensed as incurred. But there are -- as is typical with any deal, there are deal costs yet to come upon closing, including contingency type stuff.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's fine. I wanted to ask you, this has been -- my second question for Bob. This is probably the sweet spot of M&A with respect to demand and the opportunity to perhaps make divestitures. You've called out construction businesses in the past. I guess the question is, why wouldn't you -- I mean, the problem is if you wait too long, right, the deal or selling construction even next year is going to be dilutive, respectively, versus the price you could get today. I mean, why not just move and kind of put closure to bed and kind of get rid of those businesses sooner versus later?
Robert Livingston: I'm not sure what your question is, John.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Well, I guess my point is with respect to the macro environment for deal activity today, given high purchase prices that are being received and strategically, these businesses don't fit, the profits are up. Why wouldn't we as investors be expecting the businesses to potentially be sold sooner versus later? Because if you wait too long, the deal is going to be dilutive. And it just strikes me that you should maybe strike while the iron is hot, type of thing.
Robert Livingston: John, I think the input response that we've provided over the last three or four months is that you should expect some divestiture activity from our portfolio over the next 12 to 18 months. And we'll have -- we'll make an announcement when we have an announcement to make.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: So maybe let me ask it this way. The consideration of the timing is going to be predicated on what? You maybe could remind us about that. Like what goes into the thought process as you look at the timing of possible divestitures?
Robert Livingston: Oh, it'll end up being a unique situation with each business that we consider. Market conditions are a part of it.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: When you think about the type of growth rates you guys have been putting up, it begs the question of your capacity. And how soon do you get to a point of being stretched and need to start ramping up the spend pretty considerably or potentially miss out on business?
Robert Livingston: Okay, that's going to be a different story within each segment and a different story almost within each business. If you look at our early cycle businesses, especially within electronics and some of the energy businesses that were early-cycle in this recovery, we've been adding capacity, even starting in the second half of 2009. So we're not sitting here today, looking at a problem in front of us with respect to either customer service or lead time management. When you look at our mid- to late-cycle businesses where we've started to see a significant increase in demand over the last couple of quarters, most notably within Industrial Products, Scott, the capacity management issue there is actually one of employees as opposed to fixed capital. And we have been adding employees over the last three or four, five months to manage the increase in demand. We are not looking at either one of our businesses today and believe that we have a challenge in front of us over the next three to six months to meet customer requirements.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Yes, and I was certainly not thinking three to six months. I was thinking more out. But 2012, if you had another big kind of year, 2012 versus 2010, let's say 10% organic...
Robert Livingston: Well, again, you go back and look at the last couple of years, the two significant businesses within Dover where we have added, I will call it, measurable in impact numbers on Dover for expansion of capacity has been at Knowles. And I think we've been doing that every year since we acquired them, maybe with the exception of one year. And then again, within our energy businesses, most notably at U.S. Synthetics, we have had significant capacity expansion there, twice in the last three years. We did a current program underway that was approved, and we've been funding that for the last six months, and that capacity expansion program runs through 2011 and, I think, will have us well positioned for 2012. We don't see an issue right now, Scott.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay, fair enough. Guys, just a little bit of a conceptual question. But when you think about incremental margins and this quarter you had, I mean, just phenomenal top line and the incremental margins were not as high as maybe they have been in the past. You have one-time deal costs, you've got raw material increases, I mean, what do you think -- do you ever target a certain particular incremental margin type number, let's say, 20%, 25% or do not think about the business in that way?
Robert Livingston: Well, Brad is going to give you a more specific response than I would. But you do ask an important question. Do we have a target? And the target will be a little bit different from business-to-business and segment-to-segment. But we actually start with a target of 80% to 85% of the business's gross margin. And it will go up, it will go down, depending upon what cost we're adding or where other investments were making in the business. But if you look at sort of -- everything being equal target, that conversion should be 80%, 82% of a business's gross margin. So if you roll that up for Dover and you look at our gross margin, we have frequently said that, in fact, I think this was in our guidance for 2011, our initial guidance, that we were targeting conversion. I believe the number was 30% conversion.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, high 20%'s, 30% was our plan. And I'd say, Scott, sitting here today, we're little bit off that number for the full year. The way to explain that best is, and you've articulated a couple of pieces to it, is price commodity does hurt us. In the first quarter, we had 18% conversion, which is lower than, obviously, our target for the year and what we were thinking about for the year. But two points of that is price commodity spread, which as I indicated earlier, will turn positive by the second half of the year. That's in our forecast. Two points is deal costs in the quarter, especially in DFM, which we pointed out. And then really mix within our businesses. If you think about the performance in the quarter and what's changed, our guidance is up five points on DIP, which is our lower margin business, lower margin businesses. And even within DIP, there was some mix within those businesses. So mix can play a big impact to the number, and we see that mix impact to be five to six points in the first quarter of conversion impact.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: That's great granularity. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Bob, wonder if we go back to your commentary about expectations to do some more M&A this year. And I'm wondering how you would characterize you're overall buying power, dry powder. Can you scope that for us in the context of Sound Solutions and where your net debt-to-cap is and view on free cash flow?
Robert Livingston: Brad, do you want me to handle that, or would you like to jump in? There's a lot in there, but -- okay. So let's start with -- Brad's going to have to fill some numbers in here. Let's start our cash balance here at the end of the first quarter, which I think, Brad, was at a $1.3 billion or $1.4 billion?
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Robert Livingston: And Terry, we've got a large chunk of that set aside, or ear-tagged for Sound Solutions, which is $855 million. So you get beyond the $855 million that's ear tagged for Sound Solutions. You look at our cash balance. You look at our ability to generate some cash through the balance of the year. You look at -- I think we've still got some powder with respect to our credit facilities and our balance sheet. And if I had to throw out a number, which I think is what you're asking, if we had the opportunity for the right businesses between now and year-end, could we spend another $800 million? Easily.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: That's helpful. And the energy and the Electronic Technologies have been the areas of focus. Should we think in terms of along those lines, or are there some other areas that you'd like to see balanced up a little bit more?
Robert Livingston: I think I'm going to refer you back to the guidance that we've been giving you for the last couple of years, is that we have 5 market spaces that we are quite focused on, not only organic growth, but for M&A opportunities. And yes, it's energy. And yes, it's communication components. But it's also our Fluid Solutions platform, our Product ID business and our Refrigeration business. You can't look at any one year and say, "okay, one was absent so we're not putting in a more. It is a matter of opportunity and timing. But we are currently looking for opportunities in all 5 of those spaces.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, maybe that transitions in my last question on product ID. First, in terms of the performance in the first quarter, you mentioned U.S. was down a little bit. I think growth in the mid-single digits. I think your main peer today said mid teens. Obviously, this stuff can bounce all around quarter-by-quarter, and so it may be just a bit of that. But they're also moving into adjacencies in order to continue the acquisition focus within that business. So I guess the question is can you sort of comment on what you think happened on relative performance in Q1? And then as you think about M&A in that space, are you thinking adjacencies? Or you still think there's plenty to do closer to the core of the PID business?
Robert Livingston: Terry, I'm going to thank you. Maybe you were being kind there to try to offer me an out on the first quarter performance, and I'm not going to take it. I think I commented on this on the January call that I, not just myself, we're a bit disappointed with -- I would label it as being a few quarters late with some of our new product development launches, And I am pleased that we actually started shipping our new products around the middle of the first quarter, and we're quite pleased with the uptake in those products that we saw in late February and especially the order intake in the month of March. That said, our year-over-year revenue growth for Product ID was only 7%. I think it was 5% organic after stripping out FX. It is lower than it should be. And I think we have a challenge in front of us over the next 2 or 3 quarters to reverse a little bit of what we've been struggling with for the last 3 or 4 quarters. We're committed to do this. I think this is a great business that we have. I am very, very interested and committed to this business. And I think even part of the margin pressure we saw in the first quarter was a deliberate decision we made to significantly increase some of our business development and sales and marketing expenses in this business, especially in emerging economies. Now with respect to your M&A, my answer is yes. Yes, we think there are still some opportunities. I will call it tightly connected to our current marking and coding businesses, both direct coding as well as bar-coding. But I also believe there are some adjacent spaces that would fit well with what we do and what we'd like to do, and we're looking.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Appreciate the honesty in the answers. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: First of all, book-to-bill of 1.15. I mean, I don't think we're going to see too many companies with that kind of backlog build. I mean, out of interest, when was the last time Dover reported 1.15 book-to-bill?
Robert Livingston: I don't know. I didn't look that up. We had a pretty healthy book-to-bill in the first quarter of last year. I'm not sure it was 1.15. I think it was 1.1, yes.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: It was 1.1. I mean, it's the highest I've seen for the last 10 years. I'm actually interested, why do you think this is a quarter where you've seen a record backlog build? I mean, anything in terms of some of the orders are longer cycle in nature? Maybe do you think it's more a case of you guys are gaining share? Can you maybe just try and figure out why we're seeing such strength here in the backlog build?
Robert Livingston: Nigel, I need 15 minutes to answer that question. Where do I want to start? The booking strength was obviously, I'm stating the obvious, was quite strong in the quarter. That said, I'm also going to tell you, it built during the quarter. The month of March was stronger than February. February was a little bit stronger than January. We saw it across-the-board. It wasn't one specific segment or area of the business. It was across the board. Now to give you a little bit of color. There could be, depending upon how we want to label a customer or the project, there could be a little bit of activity in the first quarter that we would label as accelerated. How much? Okay, maybe $75 million or $80 million. We did have a one-time military order in the first quarter. I think it was $20 million or $25 million range. It will not repeat again this year. And we had some energy-related bookings, both within Industrial Products as well as in our energy platform, that I would label as more of annual or project type of buys that don't fall into what I call a quarterly drumbeat. So you need to layer that in when you look at the $2.2 billion. That said, and I'm not trying to take anything at all away from the first quarter outstanding bookings. That said, what we saw in the first quarter continued strength in energy, continued strength in Electronics, continued strength in Engineered Products. And then we saw the kick in, in the first quarter that we started to see in the second half of last year of our mid-to-late cycle businesses. And Nigel, it's very, very evident when you look at Industrial Products. And I think that is the big difference in the first quarter. You just cannot ignore, you just can't ignore the impact on the mid-and-late cycle businesses, predominantly those businesses are within Industrial Products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: On the Solar business, can you give a little more color on what's going on there and the strong growth in the quarter, what you're expecting for the rest of the year in Solar?
Robert Livingston: Okay. So Brad's the keeper of the numbers here. Let me see if I can respond without giving you an incorrect number. The Solar business in the first quarter was quite strong. But Shannon, we've also been seeing this over the past year. All right? But let me give you some color. When you look at our growth rate in electronic assembly and test, look at our growth rate in the first quarter, I think Brad said it was about 60% or 62%. Half of that growth is coming from Solar. When you look at the year-over-year growth rate just on Solar, it's a huge number. The first quarter '11 growth rate year-over-year is over 300%. Now it is down to the point where the Solar business, our Solar Equipment business at DEK actually will represent about 50% of DEK's business in 2011. It has been that successful of a product development and a product launch activity.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And is that at all project-oriented in terms of...
Robert Livingston: Don't label this as project business. In fact, I would -- just sitting here doing the mental map, let me give you another statistic on our Solar business. It now represents about 2% of Dover's revenue. But no, don't label this as project business.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay, and then just on the $5 million, I guess it was in Harbison-Fischer cost, those are the costs that you're sort of classifying as kind of one-time deal cost in the quarter? Just wanted to clarify that.
Robert Livingston: Yes.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Okay, and so as we look, I guess, from your kind of first quarter run rate ex the $5 million, I mean, are there any other incremental costs in the Fluids segment that you need to absorb as we go through the year?
Brad Cerepak: Incremental. Well, I don't have the detail here. But I mean, don't lose sight of the fact that as we move forward with the integration of Harbison-Fischer and a couple of other small acquisitions that have been made here in the last three or four months, we do incur some, I call it some integration costs, not just some integration benefits. And it is not always -- we don't always enjoy great timing with respect to the cost and the benefits. So there will be some further one-off cost...
Robert Livingston: I'm not looking at them as being major, though.
Brad Cerepak: Yes, but there's a difference. And those synergy costs are in our estimated and our guidance in our bridge of this $0.11 that we're now pointing out as acquisition accretion. This $5 million in the first quarter is cost to get the deal executed, like legal fees, so on and so forth, the one-offs, not integration. To the extent we have integration-related cost to get synergies, that's in our forecasted guidance.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Right, okay. Got it. All right, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: I had to jump off for five minutes, so my apologies. But I had actually just two core questions. First, on Knowles. I believe you guys are starting up a new plant in Malaysia, I think in the second half. But obviously, your guidance speaks for itself. But is there some accommodation in your guidance for disruptions there? Should we think about costs associated with bringing that on? And to what extent does that un-tap some more revenue opportunity to the extent that you were capacity constrained in Shuzo?
Robert Livingston: Okay. So maybe I do this in the reverse order, Jeff. Number one, I don't want to give you the indication that our revenue in the first quarter or even in the second quarter is constrained at all by capacity. It wasn't, and it won't be. That's number one. Number two, we refer to a new factory in Malaysia. Just to be clear on this, it's actually not a new factory. We've been operating -- Knowles has been operating in Malaysia for several years. We do have a fairly large operation in Malaysia. We are taking part of the available space that was built a couple of years ago and outfitting it here in the second half of the year so that we now have our second location for MEMS microphone assembly and testing. So it's not a brand new factory. And we probably -- as we launched this project in the second half of last year, we did think that maybe in the second half of '11, we'd have a little bit of excess capacity in the second half of the year. I'd like to think the guys at Knowles are going to use everything that they have available. But whatever, I call it, duplicative costs or transition costs are expected on this project, they are in our guidance.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: And then I don't know if any of your earlier questioners got a little bit deeper in the Hill PHOENIX, but can you give us just a little bit more color on Hill PHOENIX, specifically how it performed in the quarter?
Robert Livingston: They had a very strong first quarter. Revenue in the first quarter was up 19% year-over-year. Earnings were up an equal growth rate, if not a bit more. I don't remember the exact number. I do remember they had -- their margin expansion was about 200 basis points in the first quarter versus a year ago. To give you a little bit more color, we still are forecasting, and this is in our guidance, we are still forecasting about a 5.5% to 6% growth for the year for Hill PHOENIX year-over-year. So when you take the year's forecast and look at our performance in the first quarter, Jeff, I will tell you that we're probably going to see a little bit different waterfall on the revenue split this year versus what we saw last year. We are seeing the first half probably being 10% to 12% revenue growth with the second half being essentially flat. It has a lot to do -- it has all to do with just project timing both this year and last year. Just in timing differences. But the business is performing quite well. Order rates were up, I don't know, 5% or 6% in the first quarter versus a year ago. We happened to like the profile of our order rates. We had some pretty strong business in the first quarter with our systems business, which is always a good indicator that the case business will follow in a few weeks. We're going to see the normal seasonal patterns. And the data that we've seen, the industry data we've seen for the first quarter, I think we took a little bit of market share on case business in the first quarter. I don't know, that's my color on Hill PHOENIX.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: I would think, with Hussman now being officially for sale, there might be some share to grab there. Not to pick on a competitor, but obviously, your results at Hill PHOENIX are kind of embarrassing if you're sitting at Hussmann. I'm just wondering, as you think about that asset changing hands, what would you be worried about changing there? Maybe you don't want to give the playbook to whoever the next owner is, but you've run circles around that business operationally. And I just wonder about your ability to maintain that lead. Any thoughts on that?
Robert Livingston: I don't have a comment on that, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wendy Caplan with SunTrust Robinson.
Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Two quick questions on the accelerated orders that you spoke about. Were there any kind of blanket orders in that? That was stunning in terms of the order rates in the quarter, the bookings. Anything that was unusual in that regard?
Robert Livingston: No. I didn't use the word blanket, and I'd be hesitant to use that word. I would call, especially some of the international orders we had in our energy business, as well as a couple domestic customers, I would label them as annual buys versus blanket orders. And I underscore the word annual buy. They just happen to all be released here in the first quarter as opposed to seeing a waterfall throughout the year. I mean, nothing special. Don't read anything special into it. We're just giving you some color into it.
Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: No, I appreciate that. Just to get a sense of what the picture could look like as the year goes on. Your end markets are very strong. You mentioned Industrial Products as being particularly strong, given the kind of later cycle nature of those businesses. Have you seen anything in terms of end market deterioration from earlier cycle businesses?
Robert Livingston: No.
Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: No, Okay. And finally, that military order that you mentioned, when does that ship?
Robert Livingston: Oh goodness. I don't know, Wendy.
Brad Cerepak: This year, for sure.
Robert Livingston: Oh, within the next 12 months, for sure.
Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: That was my question. Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Robert Livingston: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer period. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Jackie. This concludes our conference call. We thank you for your continued interest in Dover, and we look forward to speaking to you with our second quarter results. Thanks for joining us. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's First Quarter 2011 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Livingston - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Paul Goldberg - Director of Investor Relations and Treasurer Brad Cerepak - Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 Dover Corp. Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corp.; Brad Cerepak, Vice President and CFO of Dover Corp.; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations at Dover Corp. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's fourth quarter earnings call. As Jackie said, with me today are Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today's call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's fourth quarter and full year operating and financial performance and our outlook for 2011. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through February 11, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is (800) 642-1687. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following reservation code, 36618220. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statements. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. Well, it's fair to say we had a great year capped off by a strong fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter orders were up 23%, and revenue increased 24%. I was pleased to see broad-based revenue gains and margin expansion with all segments achieving double-digit revenue growth and higher margins. Furthermore, we saw the continuing improvement in the majority of our end markets, most notably those served by Electronic Technologies, Energy and Material Handling. Many of the tailwinds that helped produce our strong 2010 results are continuing. To name just a few: Knowles continues to benefit from the growing handset market, especially the strong growth in smartphones. As a result of this growth, we expanded capacity for MEMS microphones 20% in 2010. And in 2011, capacity will increase at an even greater rate. Our electronic equipment companies had a very strong year and continue to diversify their end markets. This is best illustrated by DEK's significant penetration in the solar equipment space. Solar products represented 37% of DEK's fourth quarter revenue, and we expect it to continue to grow. Our Energy platform continues to benefit from increased rig count deployment, rising oil prices and an increase in shale drilling. We see this market remaining robust in 2011. Businesses within our Material Handling platform are seeing improved industrial production and rising investment in infrastructure projects, which have provided them a much better marketplace. The fourth quarter marks the sixth consecutive quarter of sequential revenue increases in this platform. A personal objective of mine is our geographic expansion. I was pleased to see our focus on developing economies result in full year growth of 50% for Asia and 52% for Latin America. The fourth quarter marked the second consecutive quarter our Asian revenue exceeded Europe's revenue. Acquisitions have also been a major focus for us, as we worked on a full pipeline of deals. In 2010, we closed on six add-on acquisitions for a combined purchase price of $105 million. We've closed four more deals this month for a total price of $425 million, including Harbison-Fischer. In December, we announced our intention to acquire the Sound Solutions business of NXP Semiconductors, and we still expect this acquisition to close around the end of the first quarter. I'm extremely excited with all of our recent acquisitions. As our pipeline rebuilds, we will continue to be acquisitive in our five growth spaces. I am very pleased with our excellent performance in 2010 and our focus on customers, share gains, geographic expansion and productivity. I am convinced we have built a foundation to produce even stronger results in 2011. With that, let me turn it over to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. Let's start by turning to Slide 3. Today, we reported fourth quarter revenue of $1.9 billion, an increase of 24% over last year. Earnings per share increased 85% to $1.01. After adjusting for tax benefits of $0.07, EPS was $0.94, a 71% improvement. Bookings increased 23% over last year to $1.9 billion, and backlog grew 30% to $1.4 billion. Book-to-bill finished solid at 1.03. Margins increased at all segments on both a quarterly and full year basis. Segment margin for the quarter was 16.3%, up 320 basis points. For the full year, segment margin was a record 16.4%. In the fourth quarter, we generated free cash flow of $378 million. For the year, we generated $767 million of free cash flow, representing 11% of revenue. We are pleased with this performance given the investments we made to support our growth. Turning to Slide 4. Fourth quarter organic revenue growth was 23%, with acquisitions contributing 2% and FX having a negative impact of 1%. For the full year, organic growth was 20% and growth from acquisitions was 4%. The majority of our full year acquisition growth in 2010 was in Engineered Systems, and was largely related to the Barker acquisition in late 2009. Electronic Technologies led all segments with full year organic growth of 39%, followed by Fluid Management with 25%, Industrial Products and Engineered Systems contributed 14% and 12%, respectively. Turning to Slide 5. For the fourth quarter, we saw sequential revenue increases at three segments. Electronic Technologies grew sequential revenue 6%, while Fluid Management and Industrial Products increased 5% and 3%, respectively. Additionally, as expected, the normal seasonal slowdown at Hill PHOENIX resulted in a sequential revenue decline at Engineered Systems of 12%. On a sequential basis, bookings increased 6%, reflecting solid demand at Knowles, Product ID and our Energy and Material Handling businesses. Turning to Slide 6. Industrial Products posted revenue of $485 million and $54 million of earnings, an increase of 19% and 30%, respectively. Bookings were $527 million, an increase of 22%, reflecting broad-based year-over-year improvement. Sequential bookings were up 16%, resulting in a strong book-to-bill of 1.09. Industrial Products' operating margin was 11.2%, up 100 basis points from the prior year, but down 140 basis points sequentially due to product mix. With respect to our Material Handling platform, sales increased 39% to $230 million. Earnings increased 153%, driven by increased activity across most end markets, including infrastructure and energy. In total, Material Handling margins were up 650 basis points, reflecting strong conversion on volume. For the quarter, bookings were $249 million, an increase of 38% over last year and up 12% sequentially, yielding a book-to-bill of 1.08. With respect to our mobile equipment platform, sales were $256 million, an increase of 6% from last year. Earnings of $35 million were down 13%. Margins decreased 280 basis points, primarily reflecting changes in product mix on lower defense and refuse vehicle revenue. Sequential bookings increased 20% to $279 million and book-to-bill finished at 1.09. Turning to Slide 7. At Engineered Systems, sales were $548 million, an increase of 16% year-over-year, and segment earnings increased 47% to $70 million. Operating margin was 13%, a 280 basis point improvement from last year, reflecting stronger conversion at both platforms. Bookings were $573 million, an increase of 18% over the prior year. On a sequential basis, bookings grew 5%. Book-to-bill ended at 1.05. With respect to our Product Identification platform, strong demand in developing economies and new product launches drove good results. Fourth quarter sales were $237 million, an increase of 10% before a negative FX impact of 2%. Year-over-year earnings increased 32%, and margins improved 380 basis points. Book-to-bill was 1.02. Moving to Engineered Products. Sales were $311 million, an increase of 23%, with acquisitions accounting for 7% of the growth. Earnings increased 59%, resulting in margin expansion of 240 basis points. Favorable margin performance was largely driven by volume improvements, which were partially offset by continued price material cost spread at SWEP. Engineered Products' bookings were $332 million, an increase of 26% over the prior year and were broad-based. Sequential bookings increased 1% in the fourth quarter, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.07. Moving to Slide 8. At Fluid Management, revenue increased 31% to $439 million, while earnings increased 53% to $104 million. Operating margin was 23.6%, a 350 basis point expansion over last year. Bookings were $437 million, an increase of 26% from the prior year, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1. With respect to our Energy platform, revenue increased 48% to $244 million, while earnings increased 73%. Margin improved 440 basis points on significantly higher volume, principally driven by an expanding rig count. Quarterly bookings increased 40% to $247 million and grew 16% sequentially, as energy markets continue to be solid. Book-to-bill was 1.01. Moving to Fluid Solutions. This platform generated revenue of $195 million, an increase of 14%. During the quarter, we saw strong growth in international sales. Earnings increased 17%, resulting in a 60 basis point margin improvement. Bookings increased 13% year-over-year to $191 million, and book-to-bill remains steady at 0.98. We are seeing a continuation of modest improvement in most of this platform's served markets, including chemical, transportation, retail fueling and life sciences. Now turning to Slide 9. Electronic Technologies' revenue was $406 million, an increase of 39%. The majority of end markets in this segment were up significantly year-over-year, with continuing strong sales of electronic assembly equipment, MEMS microphones, and our expanded solar offerings. Sequential revenue increased 6%, exceeding expectations. Earnings were $76 million, a 92% improvement over last year. Operating margin was 18.8%, a 520 basis point expansion, driven by significantly higher volume at our higher gross margin businesses. Bookings were $390 million, up 28% over last year. Book-to-bill ended at 0.96. Our electronic assembly equipment companies posted a 76% jump in revenue year-over-year and continued to expand margin. Book-to-bill was 0.85, representing their normal seasonal pattern. Recent positive news coming from major semiconductor OEMs indicate that 2011 CapEx spending will be up modestly. Lastly, our Communication Components companies posted another solid quarter and ended with a strong book-to-bill of 1.05. Having reviewed the segments, I now would like to briefly provide some additional information. Going to Slide 10. For the fourth quarter, net interest expense was $26 million, essentially flat with last year. Corporate expense was up $6 million from the prior year, in line with our previous guidance. With respect to taxes, our fourth quarter tax rate was 21.4%. This rate was largely impacted by two components totaling $0.07 EPS: a $0.05 benefit from discrete state tax settlements and $0.02 benefit from recent tax legislation. Now turning to Slide 11. For 2011, we are forecasting organic revenue growth of 6% to 8% and expect acquisitions to contribute 3%. This includes all 2010 and recently closed acquisitions, the largest being Harbison-Fischer. Therefore, our total revenue growth is expected to be 9% to 11%. First, breaking down organic growth by segment. We expect Industrial Products in Engineered Systems to be up 4% to 6%. Fluid Management revenues should increase 7% to 9%, and Electronic Technologies should grow between 9% and 11%.  Secondly, with respect to acquisitions. Fluid Management will add an additional 11% to their growth, largely driven by Harbison-Fischer. In total, Fluid Management's revenue will increase 18% to 20% for the full year. Our other three segments will each add about 1% growth to the previously-mentioned organic growth rates. Corporate expense and interest expense should be about flat and CapEx should be up versus 2010 to support our growth initiatives. Lastly, we expect the full year tax rate to be in the range of 28% to 29%. Now let's go to the full year earnings bridge on Slide 12. Volume will be the biggest driver of our increase in earnings. Volume product mix and pricing should improve earnings $0.40 to $0.58. We expect completed acquisitions to deliver $0.08 to $0.09. Again, this amount does not include Sound Solutions. Net productivity will again be a significant source of earnings growth. In total, we expect productivity to yield $0.23 to $0.28. In 2011, we'll increase our investment in R&D and sales and marketing activities in support of growth initiatives. These important investments will impact EPS $0.14 to $0.18. In total, we are now forecasting full year EPS to be in the range of $4.05 to $4.25, an increase of 17% to 22% over 2010's adjusted EPS of $3.47. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks, Brad. We had an excellent 2010. And as Brad just indicated, we are expecting even stronger results in 2011. Given the size and strategic importance of Harbison-Fischer and Sound Solutions, I'd like to provide a quick recap of each deal. Harbison-Fischer is a leading manufacturer of rod pumps used in artificial lift applications in the oil and gas markets. This addition to our Energy platform expands our product portfolio and enables us to deliver a more complete rod lift solution to our customers. The transaction also increases our scale and allows us to better penetrate the attractive international oil and gas markets. Harbison-Fischer will contribute roughly $160 million to full-year revenue and will increase the revenue of our Energy platform to roughly $1.2 billion in 2011. Sound Solutions is a leading manufacturer of speakers and receivers used in cell phones and other wireless devices. By adding the products and capabilities of Sound Solutions, Knowles will become the leading audio supplier in the fast growing mobile handset industry. Sound Solutions' 2010 full year revenue was $330 million, and when added to Knowles, will create an industry leader with annual revenue well in excess of $800 million. Looking forward to 2011, I believe the focus we have on product innovation, geographic expansion, leveraging our scale and disciplined capital allocation has us very well-positioned for the future. A growing economy worldwide, coupled with increased demand for energy, wireless communications in the rising middle class and developing economies should provide significant opportunities for Dover. In short, I believe the future is quite bright for Dover, and I expect strong results in 2011. In closing, the results we posted in 2010 do not just happen. It required the concerted efforts of our entire organization. I'd like to personally thank everyone at Dover for their commitment and contributions to a very fine year. With that, I'll turn it back to Paul for questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. And at this point, we'd like to open up the call to questions. But I would like to remind everybody, in the interest of getting everybody's question in, and if we can limit it to one question, a single question, not a multi-part question, and one follow-up, that would be very helpful. So at this point, Jackie, please queue the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: One question then one follow-on on the 2011 guidance bridge. Obviously, you're excluding Sound Solutions at this point, so the $0.89, I'm assuming, is coming from Harbison-Fischer. Can you just remind us what the impact of Sound Solutions is x all of the one-time charges?
Robert Livingston: Well, what we said on the call was we would expect to be able to complete that at the end of the first quarter, early second quarter, which would mean we have 3/4 of the year. You'll remember $330 million was their sales in 2010, and growing at a rate of in excess of 10%. So what we said was we would pick up 3/4 of their sales. We said on an EPS basis that it would have a minor attrition impact of $0.01 to $0.02. Now, Nigel, that does include deal cost in there. As we continue to close out that deal, you'll have about $10 million to $15 million of deal cost.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: And the $0.01 to $0.02, is that net of the step ups the deal costs into that?
Robert Livingston: That's all in with additional amortization on purchase accounting and deal cost, that's correct.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, so the GAAP number that's...
Robert Livingston: That's a GAAP number.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank AG: And then on the price of raw material impact in 2011, can you just maybe talk about what you've seen in some raw materials, in particular at E.S. and Industrial? And where would we see that coming through on the bridge? Is that coming through on volume, mix, price? Or is it coming through on the net productivity?
Robert Livingston: Well, answer the second part first, it's coming from through on net productivity. Let me start to answer that question by going back to what happened in 2010. We entered 2010 saying we'd be 50 basis point to 60 basis point headwind. We closed out the year in the range of about a 30 basis point headwind. I would say 2011, we expect much the same at this point in the year. We see about a 30 basis point headwind. We are obviously most susceptible to increases in copper, and that's why we see this price commodity squeeze at SWEP. That's the biggest piece of it. Let's say half of that is -- a third of that is SWEP and the other parts really being steel in our other businesses in not only DES, but also in the Energy side.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with Nomura.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Can you just tell us what your assumption is around rig count for '11? And are you guys facing any capacity constraints in your Energy business?
Robert Livingston: Shannon, we ended the year looking at a rig count here in North America of a little in excess of 2,100. We see the rig count deployment increasing slightly in the first half, decreasing a little bit in the second half for perhaps a net add of the year of only about 3%. That's what we're using in our model. With respect to capacity, I think the only business over the last few months within our Energy group, that we've had serious discussions on with respect to capacity constraints, has been U.S. Synthetics. And we embarked on a rather significant capacity addition project at U.S. Synthetics in August, and that will be completed by the end of the first quarter, early second quarter. We think we're in a good position with capacity for 2011.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: And then can you just give us a feel, going to the first quarter here, around any, I guess, seasonal dynamics or any other things we should keep in mind? Obviously, the nature of Hill PHOENIX has changed a little bit moving to more renovations, that kind of stuff. Can you just give us a feel for the dynamics you expect to play out sequentially into 1Q?
Robert Livingston: Well, my first response would be Dover in general, I think the seasonal patterns in 2011 would be quite reflective of what you saw in 2010, nothing different, nothing strange. You do mention Hill PHOENIX, and yes, we will expect and do expect their first quarter to be seasonally light for Hill PHOENIX, like we've seen normally. I will point out that our bookings at Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter were stronger than we anticipated. What were the numbers, Brad?
Brad Cerepak: 1.09 book-to-bill.
Robert Livingston: 1.09 book-to-bill for Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter. And we are loading quite well for first quarter revenue and the coming ramp up in the second quarter.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Just to clarify that, sorry, not to count as a third question, but 2010 was actually up into 1Q, right, because of the dynamics of the cycle. I mean, typically, in a more normal world, you'd be down sequentially?
Robert Livingston: You're asking about Hill PHOENIX again?
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: No, I'm asking about the whole company. The overall EPS of the company.
Robert Livingston: Brad, how do you want to respond to this?
Brad Cerepak: I guess in terms of, you're asking -- let me clarify, I guess you're asking how does volume look fourth quarter into the first quarter? We normally don't -- as you know, we normally don't give quarterly guidance. But I would say, sequentially, I'd say the fourth quarter into the first quarter, we're going to be pretty much at the same level. I would give you some color this way. I would say 2011, the way I think about the way revenue will flow in 2011 is the first half, on a year-over-year basis, will be stronger than the second half. It'll be in the mid-teens in the first half of the year going down to the mid-single digits in the second half of the year. Tougher comps in the second half of the year. But again, fourth quarter to first quarter, if that's your question, pretty much, I would say, they're going to be on equal footing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Cornell with Barclays Capital.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Following up little bit on some of these questions. It looks like you guys had much stronger momentum in the fourth quarter than indicated at the Analyst Day. Maybe just give us some color about how that strength developed in the quarter and maybe an early read on January?
Robert Livingston: The fourth quarter -- I guess the two areas that were stronger in the fourth quarter than we anticipated were really -- I'd have to comment first on Electronic Technologies. We were actually expecting revenue to be slightly down sequentially in the fourth quarter. We actually ended up with a sequential increase of 6%. It was we saw the increase both in our Components businesses, especially at Knowles, but also in our Tech Equipment businesses. In addition to revenue in the fourth quarter at DET, our bookings remained fairly strong in the fourth quarter. We had a little bit better performance in the fourth quarter at Engineered Systems. If you recall, we had a long discussion on the October call about the sequential declines resulting from the seasonality at Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter, and we're telling you that we were looking at sales declining in the fourth quarter in Hill PHOENIX by about $110 million or $115 million. The decline was not that severe. The decline ended up being about $90 million or $95 million.
Robert Cornell - Barclays Capital: Just to clarify, when you gave the guide and you talked about organic growth plus acquisitions, you didn't seem to calibrate for the Sound Solutions business. I mean, if you were to adjust for that, I mean, how would you adjust the guide?
Robert Livingston: Well, we haven't closed on Sound Solutions yet, so we're not going to provide guidance on Sound Solutions. But if you -- I'll repeat what Brad shared earlier in the call. Revenue at Sound Solutions last year was about $330 million. We are expecting revenue from that business for the entire year to be up about 10%. If we closed April 1, we'll capture 3/4 of that. We are taking some fairly healthy upfront charges as we close on Sound Solutions here in another two or three months, both deal costs, as well as some purchase accounting charges. And for 2011, our outlook right now would be for $0.01 or $0.02 on EPS. But I'm going to remind you, again, we haven't closed on this deal yet.
Brad Cerepak: And I guess just to add a little bit to that, like we said on the call, why it's $0.01 or $0.02 EPS, because of additional purchase accounting, amortization and deal cost. If you'll recall, the EBITDA, the historical EBITDA and the run rate of that EBITDA business is in the high 20s. And so we would expect to see that kind of additive EBITDA to Dover as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wendy Caplan with SunTrust.
Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: As we look at your 2011 free cash flow expectations, they're slightly higher than they've been, usually you'd say 10% of revenue, now you're saying 10% to 11%. Albeit, one percentage point, but can you explain that to us, given that your CapEx looks like it's going to be higher than it's been?
Robert Livingston: Well, Brad's going to give you a detailed response. My first response, Wendy, would be, the primary driver of our increased cash flow is our improving margins. You start with that.
Brad Cerepak: And you know, we did finish the year on a very strong note, Wendy, and we did achieve 11%, 10.8%, 11% in 2010. And I would tell you, I think -- and our teams did a great job on receivables and we've made some progress on inventory, but our expectation is there's more to do there. And so we will continue to go to work on receivables and inventories throughout 2011. We finished our working capital as a percent of sales at about 17.8%. We think there's room for improvement there.
Wendy Caplan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: And my follow up is about your spending plans. Can you talk about the CapEx? You mentioned Electronics, that you're adding capacity, I guess, for Knowles. Is that the bulk of the higher-than-usual CapEx?
Brad Cerepak: Well, I can't give you a rundown on the entire outlook for CapEx. I will point out that the major projects for adding capacity in 2011: Knowles, U.S. Synthetics within our Energy business and some expansion at our electronic campus in China for continued growth. I'd also point out that a couple of major projects that we're funding in 2011 at Sargent and at Tulsa Winch are productivity projects.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Guys, can you talk about what your competitors are doing in MEMS? The context of my question is this: if you added 20% in capacity this year and you're adding more than that in 2011, what does this -- are your competitors doing the same? Are you ahead of the curve? I mean, just talk about the competitive dynamics a little bit?
Robert Livingston: If you're asking me to comment on what our competitors are doing with respect to adding capacity, I can't do that, Scott. The capacity increase at Knowles last year, about 20%, our production capacity in 2010 was fully utilized. We are increasing capacity again in 2011, a little bit higher rate than we did in 2010. We will probably -- our goal, our objective is to actually have a little surplus capacity at Knowles in the fourth quarter just to help us deal with some, I call it push outs and pull ins, that we see in this industry. Another important point. We are adding some MEMS capacity in 2011 outside of China. This capacity add, we'll keep it in Asia, but we are going to start adding some capacity in a different country in Asia other than China. That capacity, hopefully, will be on line in the latter part of year. Hopefully, by the start of the fourth quarter. And that will end up being a little bit of our, what we've defined as our surplus or safety capacity.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: I guess to follow up and ask a slightly different question. I mean, you really had and maybe still have a fairly substantial technology advantage in that business. I think when I was out seeing these guys a couple years ago in China, it was very clear that you had something other people didn't at that time. Has that changed? Do you still have a fairly large lead in technology? Or have competitors had a chance to kind of reengineer and catch up?
Robert Livingston: We do have competition today that is shipping production MEMS microphones that we did not see two years ago. I think the one that everyone is aware of is the company in Asia by the name of AAC. If you were to look at the total MEMS microphones shipped in 2010, we believe we shipped 90%, 92%, 93% 95% of the total MEMS microphones shipped into the cell phone industry in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Brad, just wondering if I could clarify or squeeze this in as a clarification, talking about first quarter revenues flat sequentially with the first quarter. Were you talking about just revenues there or were you talking earnings per share as well? I mean, just because people will run with that if we don't clarify that.
Robert Livingston: Well, I was talking just revenue.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So then I guess I'll have to turn that into a real question. Obviously, your tax rate is going up sequentially, and seasonally, you usually have some costs in the first quarter. So we should expect EPS to be down sequentially or no?
Robert Livingston: Well, certainly, because of the tax rate, that's right. We did have, as you know, those discrete items in the fourth quarter. We have guided on our annual rate of 28% to 29%, which is be a little bit of improvement off of Dover Day, but that would be a good rate to use for the first quarter.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then thinking about raw material pressures, presumably, that would greater, what, in the back half versus the first half or similar when your incremental margins in 2010 were much stronger in the first half than the second half? And you're talking about organic volume being stronger first half than second half, so maybe we might expect the incrementals to be stronger, but maybe that commodity headwind is different first half than the second?
Robert Livingston: First, just to clarify, we do expect the growth rate to be higher in the first half year-over-year than the second half. But sequentially, the second half is going to be more revenue than the first half by about 3%, 4% or so, so we have to think about it. So sequentially, we're growing through the year. Materials will be more back end in 2011. And I'm trying to think of an answer to all your questions. Did I miss anything there?
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just the commodity headwind and your first half versus the second.
Robert Livingston: We don't expect any major change in the first half or the first quarter on commodities. Really, I would say, we caught up a bit in terms of our strategic pricing and our pricing on...
Brad Cerepak: We're well-positioned for the first quarter, maybe even the first half.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just lastly, can you talk about around the Electronic Technologies' full-year organic growth, 9% to 11%, you've talked about the Components business or at least Knowles being up, it sounds like, more than 20%, if you're adding more than 20% capacity this year, it sounds like Solar's got a lot of momentum. But can you talk through some of the pieces, and there's a lot of concern about the Semi Cap business rolling over, but you have the big Intel CapEx number, so maybe you can just fill in the blanks with some of the pieces in Electronic Technologies for us.
Robert Livingston: Well, I don't have growth rates here in front of me on all the pieces you're asking about. Yes, we do expect pretty strong growth in 2011 from Knowles. For the other two businesses within Communication Components, I'd label that as mid-single digit growth for the year. With respect to our three equipment companies, I would say, three months ago, we were probably looking at Electronic Assembly and Semiconductor Test being flat or perhaps even slightly down in 2011. We did a much stronger fourth quarter in both of those spaces than we anticipated, both orders as well as revenue. And our outlook today for Semiconductor Test and Electronic Assembly would be mid-single digit growth in 2011. I want to clarify something. We talked about Knowles, and I've mentioned our MEMS growth at 20% capacity add in 2010 and an even greater growth rate in capacity in 2011. I'm referring to a part of Knowles. We are not, obviously, forecasting that type of growth in our Hearing Aid business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Bob, I was wondering if you could comment on the sell side of the M&A pipeline. Private equity appears to be back. Obviously, may well get consumer products done today to private equity. Obviously, you're not going to tell us anything untoward, but is there some real activity going on there? And should we expect something to happen this year?
Robert Livingston: It is more of a topic of discussion today, Jeff, than it was six or nine months ago. And yes, we see all of the announcements that everyone here on the call sees, and we are having some discussions. I'm not going to predict anything. But I think there will be some reshaping of the portfolio over the next 18 months. Also, we had no announcements to make.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: Just a little bit more color on Hill PHOENIX. I mean, you spent a lot of time, obviously, in Q3 talking about the Q4 pressures that we should have expected, it didn't quite play out that way. Is it share gain? Is there a CapEx cycle starting in those channels? Is there something a little bit just stronger underlying going on there than maybe you thought?
Robert Livingston: Well, Jeff, I mean, let me -- look, we didn't hit the exact numbers that we had forecasted at Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter, but directionally, the forecast and the guidance was actually fairly close. I'm not going to sit here and claim that the stronger revenue in the fourth quarter was nothing other than some pulling of orders and some acceptance of orders that we thought, initially, would be deferred into the first quarter. The quarter, from a revenue and a product shipment point of view, came in about as we expected, no surprises. From a bookings point of view, yes, it was a little bit stronger than we anticipated. Bookings for Hill PHOENIX in the fourth quarter were $180 million, $183 million, Brad, and up rather significantly year-over-year. We're actually seeing some orders that we believe are reflective of the continued strong remodel program in the space. And our outlook for the year for Hill PHOENIX, I think the patterns, the seasonal patterns are going to be very similar, but our outlook for the year is mid-single digit revenue growth.
Jeffrey Sprague - Citigroup: There's no jumping in front of price increases or something like that going on in the order activity?
Robert Livingston: No. Not at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Bob, if I can just clarify some of your Electronics commentary. Just to be clear on this segment, you guys have very tough compares heading into the first half of 2011. I think, before, there may have been some sort of a risk that the actual reported results could be negative, not because of volume but simply because of those compares. Are you now saying that's not likely, just to be clear, because I wasn't sure if you were talking about a sub-segment of ET or how do you see the ET business from a compares and growth rate standpoint playing out in 2011?
Robert Livingston: I'm going to differ to Brad on that. I know he's the holder of the numbers here.
Brad Cerepak: Well, we already gave you what our expectations were on the organic side. And so the way I think about it is that organic growth will continue to mean that we're expanding our segment dollars because of how we convert that. But I think, sitting here today, we would say that the margins, the very, very high levels we saw in the fourth quarter for DET, I would expect that they'll continue to hold those through 2011. So we'll see less margin expansion in DET, but we'll certainly see the dollar's coming through on the segment side.
Robert Livingston: So, John, let me add a little bit of color to that. When you look at 2010, the quarter that was a little bit of an upside surprise to us, with respect to our forecasting and planning, was the fourth quarter. It typically is not that strong. So when you look at 2011, we would expect positive comps for the first three quarters. The quarter that I have a concern about with respect to comps is the fourth quarter of next year.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can I ask you guys on the Knowles side. There's obviously lots of press and data points about smartphones accelerating. Some of the recent information suggests, though, that there's going to be new categories of smartphones that are much cheaper for obviously different price points of the consumer segment. Do those cheaper prices phones, as you've had discussions with your customers, require some sort of lower kind of component dynamic with respect to MEMS, or anything else? Or is it kind of what you supply? It doesn't really matter whether it's a high-end smartphone or a kind of a lower-end smartphone?
Robert Livingston: Well, yes. What I call the basic single microphone between a low-end smartphone and a higher-end smartphone will be essentially the same. What you do see, and I call it the more feature-rich smartphones, is the addition of the second microphone for noise suppression. So on the lower price point smartphones, you'll typically see one microphone. And on many, not all, but on many of the higher-priced smart phones, you'll see two microphones.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: So Bob, to your knowledge, these lower-end smartphones being contemplated by the manufacturers only carry the one microphone, is that correct?
Robert Livingston: A higher percentage of them do. Yes.
John Inch - BofA Merrill Lynch: My follow-up question is on Product ID. Product ID kind of this sort of 4% to 8% range. I mean, your primary competitors is Danaher and is sort of thinking you guys somewhat similarly, they've been putting up mid-teens of not a little bit better, organic growth for the last couple of quarters. Is there something about, as you kind of, I don't know, is there something about Product ID right now, whether it be some initiatives in China or something that's kind of delaying sales today that you expect that to kind of ramp as you move into 2011?
Robert Livingston: John, the Product ID business has continued to perform very, very well over the last six months, 12 months and 18 months. If there's any disappointment, I think we're about a year late with some of our product launches. And we started, we had a significant new product launch in the fourth quarter of '10 that has been well received. We have several more product launches scheduled for the first half of '11, the second half of '11 and going into 2012, that we're very excited about, our sales organization is very enthused with. But my qualifying comment, I'll repeat it, I think we're about a year late with some of our product launches, and it's disappointing.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Could you just help me reconcile the high gross core growth at Fluid Management with your expectation for rig counts? And maybe that was all-in numbers there including the acquisition there. I'm just curious as to where you're continuing to take share in that business.
Robert Livingston: You're referring to the outlook and guidance, Steve?
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Yes, for '11. I think you said rig counts are going to be up, did you say up 3% or is that a specific part of the rig count?
Robert Livingston: We're looking at net rig count in our modeling to be up, I'll call it, low- to mid-single digits for the year. We do expect it to be a little bit stronger comps in the first half and the second half.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then your organic guidance for fluid again?
Robert Livingston: For Fluid Management is 7% and 9%.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: So how do you -- I'm just curious, is that a continuing -- your technology continue to take share?
Robert Livingston: Well, there's not a direct correlation. This is a strong correlation, but it's not 100%. One of the things that we'd probably get a little bit of extra revenue on the correlation line, with respect to the rig counts, is the amount of shale drilling that goes on. We do have a little bit stronger play there than we do a normal rig.
C. Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co: How big is Knowles now? And is MEMS about 65% of that business now?
Robert Livingston: Well, in my prepared comments, I said that you can do the math, Steve. In our prepared comments, I said with the addition of Sound Solutions, the combined business now is well in excess of $800 million in revenue. And the MEMS business prior to Sound Solutions, that's a pretty good number. The MEMS business would be about 65% of Knowles' total.
Operator: That was our final question. I'll now turn the floor back over to Mr. Goldberg for any closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you very much. We appreciate your time, this morning, spending on the conference call. We look forward to speaking to you next quarter. And for those who didn't get to ask questions, I apologize and feel free to give me a call later in the day. Thanks again. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's Fourth Quarter 2010 Dover Corp. Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Robert Livingston – President and Chief Executive Officer Brad Cerepak – Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer Paul Goldberg – Treasurer, Director of Investor Relations
Analysts:  Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs Wendy Caplan – SunTrust John Lynch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder Dave Tusa – JP Morgan Scott Gaffner – Barclays Capital  
Operator:  Good morning, and welcome to the Q2 2010 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation; Brad Cerepak, Vice President and CFO of Dover Corporation; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation.  After the speakers’ opening remarks there will be a question and answer period. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms please disconnect at this time. Thank you.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir. 
Paul Goldberg:  Thank you, Melissa. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s Q2 earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover’s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s Q2 operating and financial performance and our updated outlook for the rest of 2010. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time we ask that you kindly limit yourself to one question with a follow-up.  Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through August 6th and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-642-1687. When accessing the playback you’ll need to supply the following reservation code: 85-79-12-89. Before we get started I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to expand their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward looking statements. Also we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that I’d like to turn this call over to Bob.
Robert Livingston:  Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. I’m pleased to report Dover posted significant Q2 gains in revenue, bookings, earnings, and margin, reflecting improved volume across the majority of our companies and continued benefits of our productivity initiatives. Revenue increased 29% and orders were up 40%, both higher than we anticipated at the beginning of the quarter. Organic revenue growth was 24% while acquisitions contributed 4 points, and FX added 1. Positive trends continued in electronic technologies, energy, fluid management, refrigeration equipment and product ID. Specifically we saw better than anticipated gains in electronic technologies driven by recent design wins at Knowles, growth in our electronic assembly markets, and a growing silicon equipment business at DEK. Energy’s performance was driven by increased North American rig count and continued market share gains. At Fluid Solutions, a broad, end-market improvement, especially in Asia and Latin America, helped boost results. At Product ID, demand for product marking and coding equipment remains quite healthy. Lastly, the anticipated seasonal ramp up at Hill PHOENIX was even stronger than expected in the Q2 driven by strong remodel activity and leveraging our recent capacity expansion enrichment. With that, let me move to our Q2 results and Brad will discuss our 2010 guidance later in the call. Today we reported a 69% increase in quarterly earnings per share to $0.91. Q2 revenue was $1.8 billion, an increase of 29%. Earnings increased 70% to $172 million, as we benefited by strong earnings leverage in the quarter. On a sequential basis revenue and net margins increased 13% and 59% respectively. Bookings increased 40% over last year to $1.9 billion, and were up 9% sequentially. For the third consecutive quarter bookings improved in all segments at both a year-over-year and a sequential basis. Book to bill finished at 1.08. Segment operating margin for the quarter was 16.9%, up 560 basis points. Year-over-year margins increased significantly in all segments, most notably in electronic technologies and industrial products. For the second consecutive quarter, each segment posted sequential margin expansion. These results reflect strong conversion on volume and the benefits of our productivity initiatives. I am gratified to see how well our companies have converted volume to earnings. In the Q2 we generated free cash flow of $184 million, representing 12% of revenue. I remain confident that full year free cash flow will be at least 10% of revenue. Our acquisition pipeline has become more aggressive as we continue to look for opportunities which complement our strong positions and diversify our geographic footprint. We closed two small deals in the Q2 totaling $10 million. However, we remain confident we will complete some larger strategic add-ons as the year unfolds. Before I turn the call over to Brad I wanted to let you know that we moved to our new corporate headquarters in the Chicago suburbs in May. I’m excited to finally have our segment and corporate leadership under one roof. I am convinced that we will derive many benefits from being together including better communication and collaboration. With that, to Brad.
Brad Cerepak:  Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. I’d like to cover our Q2 segment performance and then discuss some additional financial information.  Starting on slide 5. As Bob mentioned, sequential revenue increased 13% across Dover reflecting solid demand on top of normal seasonality. This performance was strong across all our segments. Revenue grew 19% sequentially in both engineered systems and electronic technologies, while industrial products and fluid solutions' sequential revenue growth was 8% and 6% respectively. From a bookings perspective we saw sequential gains at all four segments. Also of note, booking trends were relatively stable thought-out the quarter. From a geographic revenue perspective, Asia was our fastest growing region with a growth rate of 51%. North America grew at 29%, while Europe was up 14% and Latin America was up 20%.  Turning to slide 6. Industrial products posted revenue of $462 million and $62 million of earnings, an increase of 21% and 142% respectively. This strong earnings performance was the result of increased volume, the benefits of our prior restructuring efforts, and one-time gains of $4.1 million including the sale of a facility. Bookings were $512 million, an increase of 38% resulting from modestly improved trends in our material handling platform. Book to bill for the quarter was 1.11. Industrial products' quarterly operating margin was 13.3%, up 670 basis points from last year and 140 basis points sequentially. Adjusted segment margin was 12.2% excluding the one-time gains. Again, our earlier right sizing actions continue to put this segment in strong position to leverage any market recovery. With respect to our material handling platform, sales increased 40% to $214 million. Earnings improved ten-fold, driven by increased activity across most end markets with the notable exception of residential construction. Platform results were positively impacted by a $3.4 million gain on the previously mentioned facility sale. In total, material handling’s margins were up 1300 basis points, absent the one-time gains. For the quarter, bookings were $224 million, an increase of 77% over last year and 10% sequentially, yielding a book to bill of 1.04. North America non-residential construction trends continue to show modest improvement.  With respect to our mobile equipment platform, sales were $249 million, up 8% from last year and earnings increased 22%. Margins increased 170 basis points, capitalizing on improving automotive service markets and restructuring actions in business integrations completed in 2009. Bookings were $289 million, an increase of 17% over the prior year. Sequentially, booking increased 25%, aided by a large military order at Sargent. We still anticipate a slow recovery in the commercial aerospace, bolt trailer, and refuse vehicle markets but expect our military and petroleum trailer markets to show improvement. Turning to slide 7. At engineered systems sales were $577 million, an increase of 23% and segment earnings increased 47% to $85 million. Bookings were $602 million, an increase of 29% over the prior year, resulting in a book to bill of 1.04. The year-over-year growth in revenues is largely attributable to strength in Product ID and Hill PHOENIX. For the quarter operating margin was 14.7%, a 240 basis point improvement over last year and a 340 basis point improvement sequentially.  With respect to our Product Identification platform, Markem-Imaje continued to benefit from strong demand in Asia and Latin America, driven by fast-moving consumer goods end markets. Q2 sales were $220 million, an increase of 14%. Year-over-year margins increased 50% and margins increased 470 basis points. Book to bill was 1.02. As we exit the quarter we expect these end-markets to remain healthy. Moving to engineered products. This platform posted an increase of revenue of 30% to $358 million and earnings increased 36%, resulting in margin expansion of 60 basis points over last year, and 420 basis points sequentially. Excellent margin expansion at Hill PHOENIX was partially offset by materials cost escalation and product mix at SWEP. Barber & Tyler (sp) provided acquisition revenue of $39 million in the quarter. Engineered products bookings were $379 million, an increase of 46% over the prior year period for a book to bill of 1.06. This seasonal improvement is largely driven by strong remodel activity at Hill PHOENIX, which ended the quarter with a book to bill of 1.11. Although the Q4 will soften as per its normal seasonal pattern, we expect engineered products to have a strong Q3.  Moving to slide 8. At fluid management, revenue increased 37% to $404 million, while earnings increased 73% to $96 million. Bookings were $418 million, an increase of 43% from the prior year, resulting in a book to bill of 1.04. Q2 operating margin was 23.8%, a 500 basis point expansion over last year and an increase of 100 basis points sequentially. End markets continue to be solid in this segment.  With respect to our energy platform, revenue increased 56% to $216 million while earnings doubled. Margin improved 700 basis points from the prior year period on a significantly higher volume, driven by an expanding North American rig count, continued penetration of horizontal drilling, and the benefits of productivity. Quarterly booking increase 70% year-over-year to $226 million. Book to bill was 1.05 reflecting solid dynamics in most served end markets. Looking forward to the next two quarters, we anticipate North American rig count will remain stable. Moving to fluid solutions. This platform generated revenue of $188 million, an increase of 20%. Earnings increased 36% resulting in a 260 basis point margin improvement. Booking increased 20% year-over-year to $192 million. We are seeing the continuation of modest but broad improvements in most of this platform’s served markets.  Now turning to slide 9. Electronic technologies’ revenue was $346 million, an increase of 41% over 2009. The majority of end markets in this segment were up significantly year-over-year, with continuing strong demand for electronic assembly equipment, solar equipment, and MEMS microphones. Earnings were $60 million, three times better than the $18 million earned last year. Operating margin was 17.2%, driven by significantly higher volume and strong production on an improved cost base. Bookings were $394 million, up 62% over last year and 10% sequentially. Book to bill continues to be strong at 1.14. Our electronic assembly equipment companies posted a 90% jump in revenue year-over-year and continued to see an improving orders booked for the fourth consecutive quarter. In fact order rates increased 20% sequentially. Q2 book to bill for this group of companies was 1.32. We expect a comfortable climate in electronic assembly markets to continue in the near term.  Lastly, our communication component companies posted another solid quarter, primarily reflecting strength at Knowles and increased demand in telecomm infrastructure markets. Bookings continued to be solid with a book to bill of 1.03.  Having reviewed the segments, I now would like to briefly provide some additional financial data. Moving to slide 10. Q2 net interest expense of $27 million was up $2 million from last year and in line with our full year guidance. This result reflected lowered returns on invested balances. Our net debt to total capitalization was 18.1%, largely unchanged from year-end 2009. Turning to taxes. Our Q2 tax rate was 29.2% and our year-to-date rate is 30.1%. We still expect the marginalized full year rate to be in the range of 29% to 30% excluding discreet tax items. Corporate expenses for the Q2 were $32 million, up $3 million from last year primarily due to increased deal expenses.  Turning to slide 11. As we discussed, Q2 revenue and bookings were quite strong for us. Accordingly, we have raised our full year outlook. We now expect full-year revenue growth excluding acquisitions to be in the range of 13% to 15%. Let me take a minute to talk about the revenue range by segment. We now expect industrial products and engineered systems revenue should increase 7% to 9%, and fluid management’s revenue growth should be in the range of 17% to 20%. Lastly, electronic technologies should grow revenue at the high 20% level. Further, we expect acquisition growth to be roughly 3%, bringing our full year range to 16% to 18%. Based on these revised revenue expectations, we are now forecasting full year 2010 EPS to be in the range of $3.05 to $3.25.  Now let’s go to the full year earnings beginning on slide 12. Volume is the primary driver of the increased earnings. Volume, product mix and pricing should improve earnings $0.98 to $1.15. This compares favorably to our previous range of $0.56 to $0.80. Restructuring productivity continues to be a big driver of EPS growth in 2010. This is primarily due to an absence of restructuring costs, carryover benefits, and savings from our supply chain initiatives. Our acquisitions continue to perform at a high level, and now will deliver $0.12. Lastly, compensation expense and the tax rate impact is a function of our improved revenue and earnings forecast.  With that, I’d like to turn the call back over to Bob.
Robert Livingston:  Thanks, Brad. I am pleased with our very strong performance in the first half of this year, especially with regard to revenue and bookings growth, conversion, and operating margin. We expect to see a solid Q3 on the strength of our bookings and backlog. Although the Q4 should be seasonally softer than the third, we fully expect to finish the year in a strong form. I am constantly encouraged by the many positive developments around Dover, several of which are related to product innovation, market expansion activities, and customer service. I’m particularly excited about the rapidly-growing silicon equipment business at DEK and the recent design wins at Knowles. I've also taken note of several instances where our growth has significantly outpaced the growth rate of our end markets, especially at companies like Hill PHOENIX, US Synthetic, Heil Environmental, Markem-Imaje, and SWEP. These companies have had great success expanding their share through strong customer focus and investing in the right products. I’ve also been encouraged by the modest end market improvements seen in industrial products, which bode well for the future. Lastly, our global supply chain initiative is slightly ahead of pace and is now forecasted to achieve $35 million of savings in 2010.  In closing, I’d like to commend everyone at Dover for all their efforts and contributions to a very solid first half of 2010.  With that, I’ll turn it back to Paul for questions.
Paul Goldberg:  Thanks, Bob. At this point I’ll turn the call back over to Melissa, and I’d just like to remind you before I do so that we would just like you to ask one question with a follow-up so we can take as many questions as possible. Thanks again for your cooperation, and Melissa, please compile the questions. 
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions.) Your first question comes from Jeff Sprague at Vertical Research Partners.  
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners:  Thank you very much. Just a couple quick questions. First on the Hill PHOENIX, can you give us a little bit more specific color on how that business performed in the quarter, in terms of year-over-year revenue growth and orders?
Robert Livingston:  Well, maybe Brad can comment more. Our orders, our book to bill was again quite positive for the quarter, Jeff. Organic revenue growth at Hill PHOENIX was 15%, 15.5%. Very strong quarter for Hill PHOENIX. And I guess I would want to comment if I, is I’d comment on organic growth rate at Hill PHOENIX. Part of that also reflects the ability we have to rapidly respond to some quick delivery needs of our customers in the Q2, and Jeff, that reflects the decision we made last year to actually expand some manufacturing capacity at Hill PHOENIX.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners:  Great. And then Bob, just on the purchasing initiatives, the fact that you’re running ahead, is that indication just of good production or is the target looking bigger, therefore implying maybe there’s more out in ’11 and ’12 than you thought?
Robert Livingston:  We have not publicly changed are target run rate. As we’ve said for the past four or five quarter now, Jeff, that we expect to exit this year at a run rate of savings of $75 million to $100 million. We will update you on a future look toward that at Dover Day in November. And with respect to the increased savings, the guys, the teams, the folks are executing very well.
Jeff Sprague – Vertical Research Partners:  Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Terry Darling of Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs:  Thanks, well done gentleman. Quite possibly the best quarter across our coverage versus overall expectations. Congratulations. You know, I think one of the things that surprised me about the forward commentary is that you’re really not looking for organic to tail off very much in the back half. And I’m wondering if you could talk about the pieces of the puzzle there. I mean presumably electronic technologies does tail off. I was expecting industrial and engineered systems to fall off as well. Maybe that’s where your outlook is moving up the curve. But maybe you could just take us through the pieces there in the back half organic.
Robert Livingston:  Okay, let’s sort of start at the top line and look at our guidance numbers. If you look at the second half of the, sort of the midpoints we’re looking at organic growth for the second half to be about 13% when you do the math. That compares to organic growth in the first half of 16%.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Right, so not a lot of degradation there.
Robert Livingston:  Well, not a lot of degradation and a little bit of a more difficult comp, Terry.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: If you look at some of the other companies, you’re coming down from, you know, kind of low double digits, upper singles down into the mid to low, so…
Robert Livingston:  Again, it’s a little bit of a difficult comp against the second half of last year. And when you look across the business and look at the four segments, your comment or assumption is right on electronic technologies. Sort of look at electronic technologies as being somewhat flat for the second half of the year. But we do expect to continue to see some transactions at engineered systems and industrial products. Within fluid management…
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs:  I’m sorry, Bob. Your electronic technologies organic for the back half is flat year-over-year?
Robert Livingston:  Second half revenue would be flat with the first half.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: With the first half, okay. You’re talking absolute dollars now.
Robert Livingston:  Absolute dollars.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Robert Livingston:  We don’t have any acquisition activity within electronic technologies to speak about. Within fluid management, we do expect the energy business to be somewhat flat, both revenue and earnings in the second half of the year versus the first half; but we do expect to continue to see some growth in fluid solutions.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then you know, on the segment margin for the company overall, almost 17% recognizing it’s your seasonally strongest quarter there, but you talked about that longer-term goal of trying to get to that number exiting 2011. And so on the back of Jeff’s question, maybe the bar is moving a little bit higher here. How should we think about kind of the structural margin opportunities as we look longer term relative to your prior comments of trying to get that to 17%? We’re kind of already there.
Robert Livingston:  Well, I wouldn’t change the comments that I shared with you in April. I think longer-term we do expect our operating margins to be 17% plus, 17% and a fraction. I think it’s a product of three to four things that we’re focused on. One is the supply chain initiative will benefit that. The additional productivity initiatives will obviously help that. I think a continued focus and a growing focus on product development and geographic expansion is going to help the top line. That will flow eventually into margins. Terry, we’re tying to expand the business.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay, I’ll turn it over. Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from Wendy Caplan of SunTrust. 
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust:  Thanks, good morning. As we look at your working capital in the quarter and the first half it looks fairly well controlled in the face of this strong demand that we’ve been talking about. Can you talk about your metrics there – where you’re targeting specific improved metrics and where’s the focus at this point?
Robert Livingston:  Well we’re, like anything else we’re always striving for continuous improvement in working capital, not unlike any other part of the business. And the focus as you know, Wendy, for the last four or five years had been to get working capital below 20%. I think in the first half we were in the 18% range, we’re feeling very positive about that. We think we have some additional opportunities to bring it down. We have not set a different formal target. That’s something we’re looking at here over the next couple of months.
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust: Okay. And the cash that that generates in terms of improving working capital, can you talk about- You mentioned acquisitions, that you have a high level of confidence in them going forward. Can you give us a little color in terms of what you’re looking at relative to the acquisitions in terms of size, location, kind of segment, and multiples that you’re seeing at this point please?
Robert Livingston:  Well, do we have a half an hour? Let me comment, you made a comment about the focus on working capital and the cash that it generates. And I just want to point out, Wendy, that in the first half, especially in the Q2 with our 12% cash flow, 12% of revenue, I’ll tell you I think the benefit in the first half has come as much from margin expansion as it has from a working capital focus. Not that we haven’t made some strides in working capital but the margin expansion has a significant impact on that number as well. Our areas of focus have not changed from the message we shared with investors and analysts at Dover Day last November. The bulk of our capital deployment in M&A we still believe is going to be focused in the areas of refrigeration equipment, energy, fluid solutions, especially pumps, communication components, and product ID. And again, I feel like I’m on a repeating needle here, but you look at the acquisitions we made last year – they fall squarely into those five categories. The two small acquisitions we made in the Q2 fall directly into those five categories. And the areas that we’re looking at that are in our current pipeline today are also in those five spaces.
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust: And the ones that you have in the pipeline, are they, can you speak to the size of those and kind of location as well as what multiples seem to be doing?
Robert Livingston:  Multiples aren’t that much different than what we were seeing in the Q1 and perhaps even in the Q4 of last year. You look at - It depends on the business, it depends on the growth rate that you have with the opportunity, but I would say that EBIDTA multiples are into let’s call it the 7 +/- 1. If the earnings are depressed you may end up seeing a little bit higher multiple on the earnings. But on an ongoing basis the business will perform, we’re seeing EBIDTA 7, 7.5 +/- 1.
Wendy Caplan – SunTrust: Thanks very much, Bob.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Lynch of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
John Lynch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Now I just want to go back to the speaker prior to Wendy. I think his opening comments were you guys were expecting to have very strong organic growth in the back half and he thought it was going to taper off. I actually have quite a different view. It strikes me that 13% to 15% is calling for a fairly significant deceleration of back half organic growth. I know, Bob, you’ve referenced seasonality. I guess I’m, I just don’t- If you look at your overall level of activity since the recession of 2008 volumes are really depressed. I mean are comps really the way to look at this? Why shouldn’t we begin to see a continuation of the improving trend that should lead into the second half regardless of the comps?
Robert Livingston:  Okay, I’m not sure even what the question was, John.
John Lynch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Are you just being conservative on your organic growth? You’re referencing traditional seasonal and I’m arguing volumes have been really depressed regardless of the comps. That’s all I’m asking.
Robert Livingston:  Right. Number one, I’ll tell you we’re not being conservative on the organic growth. If you look at the guidance that we’re providing now for the year, and you compare that to what we were looking at 90 days ago on our April call, Brad’s probably got a more specific number but we’ve actually increased our revenue outlook for the second half by about $300 million in revenue. When you do your year-over-year comps and look at organic growth the numbers change a bit because we started to see a pick up in the second half of last year.  The second half, our outlook right now for the second half is that revenue’s going to be a little bit higher than it was in the first half on a sequential basis.
Brad Cerepak:  John, if you’ll recall, too, the second half, when we were on the call last time we were thinking about low, mid single digits growth rate. And now we’ve increased that quite substantial to the, as Bob indicated, 13% organic growth rate. So again, from first half to second half, 16% in the first half to 13% in the second half. A pretty sizable move in the second half from where we were.
Robert Livingston:  And John, we’ve got, sitting here today we’ve got pretty good visibility for the Q3 and I would share with you, for everyone, that the order rates in July continue to hold up quite well. It’s not any different than what we saw or expected, anticipated in the Q2. The Q4, the Q4 always is a little bit of a concern for me just because of the sort of the seasonality pushes and pulls that we see most notably at Hill PHOENIX, and some of the seasonality that we typically see within electronic technologies, especially the electronic assembly equipment.
Brad Cerepak:  One other way to think about it, John, would be our Q2 into Q3, we would expect that our Q3 looks a lot like the Q2. And so from a sequential point of view, if you just think sequentially for a second, we would expect our revenues and orders to maintain the pace of the Q2 into the Q3, and then as Bob said seasonally adjust into the Q4.
John Lynch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay, that’s actually helpful. Brad, the comp and benefit increases which you referenced as a function of the improved revenue and earnings, is that a headwind in the second half or has that been absorbed as a run rate from the Q2?
Brad Cerepak:  It’s been absorbed at this point.
John Lynch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. That’s all I have, thanks much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Nigel Coe of Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank:  Yeah, thanks. Good morning. I just want to echo Jon’s comment there about the second half revenues. I mean if you take the high end of your guidance range, the sequential second half over first half increase, it’s about 2%. And I think that’s towards the lower end of where you've been recently. So it does appear that you're not factoring in much additional momentum from the Q2 certainly.
Robert Livingston:  I won’t disagree with the math.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Great. So just I think you mentioned, well $35 million of cost savings this year from the procurement program. Is that correct?
Robert Livingston:  Yes.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank:  What is the net number? Because obviously you’ve made some investments in the first half of the year. What is the net number? Where does that stand right now?
Robert Livingston:  Oh my goodness. Do you have that answer, Brad? The net is positive. 
Brad Cerepak:  It’s probably on the order of magnitude of $0.05.
Robert Livingston:  $0.05, yes.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And if I’m correct you’ll turn positive for the first time in Q3?
Robert Livingston:  I’m sorry, Nigel. Can you repeat that?
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank:  So you go from a net investment to a net benefit from Q2 to Q3. So Q2, that’s drag.
Robert Livingston:  Correct. Yes, that’s correct.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Okay, I just wanted to make sure that was correct. So basically we’re going from a net of 15 to 20 to a similar range of 75 to 100 in 2011?
Robert Livingston:  Correct.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Just wanted to make sure that was the case. And secondly, the sentiments of management really surprised me. I thought rig counts were down Q to Q which was normalized as the Canadian rig count-
Robert Livingston:  No, let me correct that, Nigel. When you look at the average rig count, the average deployed rig count in the Q1 versus the Q2, there was actually a slight increase in the Q2. Q2 was up 4% or 5% or 6% over the Q1.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank:  In the US or this is in North America?
Robert Livingston:  North America.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: North America, okay.
Robert Livingston:  Now if you look at March 31st to June 30th there is a decline.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Right.
Robert Livingston:  If you look, there’s a quarter end number. But if you look at the average for the Q1 versus the Q2 the Q2 was up slightly.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Okay. I’m getting bad data from my oil & gas guy. So any impact whatsoever, be it positive or negative, from what’s gone on in the Gulf?
Robert Livingston:  I would just say no impact.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: No impact whatsoever. Great. And again, can you maybe just make some comments on pricing – what you’re seeing in terms of pricing and what you’re assuming for the rest of the year?
Robert Livingston:  Well, we spent some time talking about this on the April call, and I will tell you, I think I expressed this and I know I felt it – a little bit more concerned on the April call with commodity price rev pressure and the need to push though some price increases in the Q2 and Q3. As we wrap up the Q2 our concerns on the price management spread is much less than it was 90 days ago. We’ve seen some declines in some of the base metal costs during the quarter. I think the, Brad’s going to correct me here if I’m wrong but I think the number we shared with you in April is that we were looking at an almost 100 basis point headwind on gross margin, on what we call the price/cost management spread, and that headwind today, I would say…
Brad Cerepak:  About half.
Robert Livingston:  …sub 50 points, yeah. 
Brad Cerepak:  It’s about half.
Robert Livingston:  Actually we feel, we feel that the pricing issue is being well managed. 
Brad Cerepak:  And that’s really for the two reasons Bob mentioned. One is the stabilization on the commodities, especially steel, and then our teams are doing a much better job executing on our price. And so think about it as catching the curve faster than we anticipated last time we had a call.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: And Brad, that 50 bps you’re seeing on the price/cost management, have you seen some of that already or is that now coming into affect for the rest of the year?
Brad Cerepak:  It’s most, it’s actually mostly in the first half of the year.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank:  Okay, fantastic. Thanks, guys.
Brad Cerepak:  I just want to correct one statement back to the supply chain. When you were thinking 15 net to 75 net, there is going to be some cost carry into next year. But Paul can get with you on that and make sure you have the cost numbers as we’re thinking about it. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Davis of Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley:  Hi, good morning, guys. I wanted to talk a little bit about, just a couple small issues. I mean one, understanding the, I think this is the second quarter in a row you’ve talked about remodel programs at Hill PHOENIX. What’s the traditional trend here? Does this last a year you have pent-up demand or 18 months, and then it kind of goes back to more normalized growth rates? Or is the any kind of historical precedence to this type of remodel program? How should we think about the kind of forward outlook?
Robert Livingston:  Okay. I guess maybe I’d have to start first by sort of looking at a historical perspective here. If you look at the grocery store casings systems business, probably up until 2007 it was about 60% new store construction and about 40% remodel. So over the last two to three years that ratio has flipped. It’s now I would say roughly 60% remodel and 40% new store construction, primarily because the new store construction has flattened out and dropped so much over the last three years.  Cycles, you have to, you look at the product life of these cases and it’s, depending upon the retailer they view the product life to be in the 5, 6, to 7 year range. They may get moved out quicker than that if there’s a strong shift in a merchandising change or whatever. But the typical life of the case is five to seven years. And that’s what we’re dealing with. Now, there was a little bit of deferred spending during maybe the second half of ’08 and the first part of ‘09, and maybe there’s a little bit of a catch up in that area right now. I think another thing you’re seeing right now in this market space is a rather significant CAPEX program at Target. I don’t remember the exact numbers but I think they’re looking at remodeling 300 to 400 stores this year and a similar number next year.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Okay, so there’s actually some visibility into 2011.
Robert Livingston:  That’s a big number.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Yeah, that’s a huge number. That’s kind of why I asked. I want to move over to Brad and one of the things that, you know, it’s been pretty clear, some of the initiatives you’ve been working on have been yielding really nice results. But one of the areas that is not quite as clear I processes around M&A. I mean historically Dover had a very good track record and then, you know, had just a couple maybe ill-advised transactions and then it’s been a little bit slow the last few years. I mean Tyler was a fantastic deal but there hasn’t been a lot of those things I can kind of think of off the top of my head. How, has there been any changes, Brad, in kind of how you guys are approaching M&A to filter targets and think about increasing the hit rate?
Brad Cerepak:  Well, I guess, I’m actually going to turn it back to Bob because as you know I’ve been here a year, so I can’t really comment on what our process were like with these, as you termed, maybe less than desirable acquisitions in the past versus where we are today. But my comment would be our internal process is very robust in terms of how we look at it - our package, our thought process, our focus on where we want to invest our capital, and the returns we’re looking for from those businesses, both in terms of a base core business as well as through our synergy activities. Bob, do you want to comment?
Robert Livingston:  I think, number one you say the activity has been a bit low of late over the last couple of yeas and my sense is that’s probably been true across the board in the industrial space. We clearly have made some changes over the last couple of years, and I’d start first by joust pointing out the areas that we’ve shared with you that we’re focused on; the five primary end markets that we’ve shared with you. The second thing, it’s rather glaring that when you look at the properties, the opportunities that have been in our pipeline over the past 12 to 18 months, less than 10% of them have been what I would call a marketing process or an option. Nine out of ten have been direct collect, proactive target opportunities where we’ve either gone to the owner or the owner has approached us after a few years of getting to know them, and that’s rather different from what we were seeing in the ’05, ’06, ’07, and ’08 timeframe when it seemed like 2/3 of the properties we were looking at in our pipeline were option processes. 
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Yeah, for sure.
Robert Livingston:  Now I happen to think that’s gogni to change a little bit here over the next 12 to 18 months. I think we will see a lot of companies, a lot of owners – whether they be private equity shops or corporate owners or private owners – start to move more opportunities through an option process. But over the last 12 months that has not been the case. We clearly have been focused on add-ons.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Okay, I’ll break the rules and add another follow-up question. It just appears, you know, I mean it sounds encouraging when you talk to all these kinds of private guys. I mean how much of a catalyst is the eventual increase in capital gains tax? I can imagine there might be just a rush of transactions that can get done before tax increases eventually go through. I mean is that just me hoping or is that real?
Robert Livingston:  I would agree with you.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Alright, well that’s it. T Hanks, guys.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Alex Blanton of Ingalls & Snyder.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder:  Hi, good morning. I’d like to sort of ask a general question rather than focusing on individual units, although I do commend you – you’ve provided an awful lot foe tail in breaking down the company. But we’re looking forward at the end of this year, and it does seem as if the total revenue is going to sort of latten out according to your guidance. And then looking at 2011 what concerns you the most in the global outlook, global economic outlook? What bothers you? What are you worried about?
Robert Livingston:  I suspect my response is very similar to what you’re receiving from other folks that you ask that question of, Alex. It’s what is the GDP forecast and outlook for not only the US but Europe, the Asian economy, especially China? We think we’re well positioned for some of the, to participate and capture some business in the emerging economies, especially China and Latin America, but what’s going to happen? The 55%, 60% of our business is still here in North America. In fact in the US GDP estimate for next year, what we’re actually going to see is a concern. And will the consumer return to the table? And is there eventually going to be some type of housing recovery that we’ll start to see in 2011? I thnk those are the major questions that we wrestle with.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Do you have any comment on where you might be going in 2011 with the results or is it too early to tell?
Robert Livingston:  We’ll share some commentary around 2011 at Dover Day like we did last year.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dave Tusa of JP Morgan.
Dave Tusa – JP Morgan:  HI, good morning. I’m not going to ask you for 2011 guidance but I just wanted to maybe clarify, I think Nigel was talking a little bit about this, just some of the puts and takes in the next year; so what you have as far as what you’ve spent in restructuring this year or what kind of benefits you have from sourcing next year. If you could just walk through what I would call some of the non-fundamental items, not really giving us incremental guidance but what just carries over into next year – compensation expense, anything like that that carries over into next year. Sourcing benefits, I don’t know, I just wanted to get a clear picture of-
Robert Livingston: The only thing is I would label it as incremental based on what we’ve shared so far, wodl be around the supply chain. And again, this, we’ve not updated nor, we haven’t changed the number we’ve been saying for the last few quarters. We anticipate exiting the year with a supply chain savings run rate of $75 million to $100 million. What we’re saying now is that of that range of $75 million to $100 million, we’re going to capture $35 million of that this year.
Dave Tusa – JP Morgan: Okay.
Robert Livingston:  Compensation change next year… It’s going to be incremental based upon volume and earnings. 
Dave Tusa – JP Morgan: So in other words, in a flat kind of volume environment maybe a little bit of FOREX headwind, but other than that you have, you know, still a nice bump from supply chain benefits.
Robert Livingston:  Yes. We continue to look for productivity opportunities, but they’re going to be- I think they’re going to be measurable but they're not going to be as significant as we sit here and talk about supply chain right now. 
Dave Tusa – JP Morgan:  Okay. In electronics, you know, what gives you guys the confidence that this cycle is deferent than kind of the last few mini-cycles where things boomed for a couple quarters and then they roll over? Are you seeing, are you booked in your cap equipment business, not necessarily Knowles but in your cap equipment business? Are you booked through year end? I mean what kind of visibility do you have and how does that compare to prior cycles?
Robert Livingston:  Well, as Brad shared with you in his commentary for the electronic- Let’s put the component companies aside and just refer to those three companies in electronics, DEC and Everett Charles and OK. Q2 was the fourth consecutive quarter of a rising order book. That’s important to note, Dave. That one, that is a little bit different than, I call that the past couple- what I call short up tick cycles. Four quarters in a row of a rising order book. Your question is are we loaded, is there a backlog, is our production schedule filled now through year end? No, but there aren’t a lot of pen slots. It is especially with DEK and Everett Charles, it is pretty loaded throughout Q3 and October looks pretty strong right now. But we are not yet taking orders where we have to tell the customer it’s going to be a January and February delivery date. We may be taking orders for January and February because the customer requests delivery then, but we’re not forcing it till January and February
Dave Tusa – JP Morgan: Okay, and since Scott took another question I’ll take one more. Your portfolio has gone through a very positive facelift over the last few years. Is there anything, you talk about ramping up the M&A a bit – anything left to sell here? Are there any ongoing evaluations? Is there an ongoing evaluation of the portfolio that you’re willing to maybe take some cash off the table and redeploy elsewhere?
Robert Livingston:  Yeah, that’s possible over the next couple of years. And the evaluation of the portfolio is something, we don’t do it every day but we sit and look at it two or three times a year. And I think there’s a high likelihood that there will be a little bit of shaping over the next couple of years with respect to divestiture activity. There is nothing in place, we do not have a marketing process underway on any property in Dover, any of the operating companies. And I suspect you're gogni to see most of the focus on M&A is going to be around the current strong market position we have and that the next- I thnk the shaping on the M&A is going to be around performance and not changing the outlook of the portfolio or the profile of the portfolio. It’s going to be around performance.
Dave Tusa – JP Morgan: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator:  Thank you. Your final question comes from Scott Gaffner of Barclays Capital.
Scott Gaffner – Barclays Capital:  Good morning. Good quarter. Just looking at the organic growth guidance, I think that one thing that sort of struck me as being the most favorable would be the industrial products organic growth guidance, up 7-9% from 1-4% before. I thought maybe you could just give us a bit more detail. I think you called out Heil Environmental in your comments but do you see anything else that’s changed to improve the guidance there?
Robert Livingston:  Again, you look at the commentary around the Q2, you’ll see a fairly significant recovery in the Q2 in our material handling companies. We had a very solid performance in mobile equipment but a very strong recovery in material handling. And I think the markets that we’re playing in with industrial products, with the exception, with the very notable exception of residential construction, are going to be flat to positive during the next two quarters and perhaps even maybe even two or three quarters. You mentioned specifically Heil Environmental. Actually, we like what’s going on at Heil with respect to business activity and how they’re interacting in their end market, but I do need to point out that that business is actually going to be one of the few businesses that’s going to be down in 2010 versus 2009, and it is a result of the end market. The end market activity in the refuse market is a little lighter this year than it was in 2009.
Scott Gaffner – Barclays Capital: And then just looking at the margins there. I mean even if you exclude the gain that you had in the quarter, low 12% margins, you’re starting to get back to 2008 levels. Can you just walk us back through the capacity that you took out in this segment and the downturn, and where you think margins could get to in a higher sales environment this time around, with maybe low capacity?
Robert Livingston:  Oh gosh, my first response to your capacity question is that the takeout was significant. I cannot sit here and recall all that, but the takeout of capacity across the board in industrial products is rather significant. You look t margin expansion at industrial products, the outlook for the balance of the year, we actually have raised not only their revenue outlook, their organic growth rate, we’ve- Embedded in our outlook is a 1 point improvement in their operating margin from what we were looking at 90 days ago. Ninety days ago we were giving some guidance that was around an 11 point operating margin at industrial products, and now we’re looking at a very solid 12%. Going forward, the way you can look at this is as we get some volume increased through the industrial product mix and portfolio, look at the follow through, the conversion here should be 28%, 30%, 31%. Make your guesses on the revenue but I think that’s a safe number to use on conversion for industrial products.
Scott Gaffner – Barclays Capital: Right. And then just lastly, any change on operating margin targets for, just for 2010 on the rest of the segments?
Robert Livingston:  No, no change.
Scott Gaffner – Barclays Capital: Okay. Thanks. Good quarter.
Operator:  That was our final question. I’m sorry, I’m just turning it back to you all for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg:  Yep, thank you very much. This concludes our conference call. With that we thank you for you continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking with you at the end of the Q3. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s Q2 2010 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg – Treasurer and Director, IR Bob Livingston – President and CEO Brad Cerepak – VP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank John Inch – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners Steve Tusa – J.P. Morgan Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the first quarter 2010 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation, Brad Cerepak, Vice President and CFO of Dover Corporation and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations at Dover Corporation. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded and your participation implies consent to all reporting of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Kristy. Good morning and welcome to Dover's first quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today's call will begin with comments from Bob and Brad on Dover's first quarter operating and financial performance and our updated outlook for the rest of 2010. We will then open the call up to questions and in the interest of time we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through May 7 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-642-1687. When accessing the playback, you'll need to supply the following reservation code, 66592109. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. We also undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. With that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call. The first quarter was much improved across Dover and better than anticipated. Revenue increased 15% over last year and our orders were 41% above a weak first quarter of 2009. Our 2009 acquisitions contributed 5% revenue growth in the quarter. Positive trends noted in the second half of '09 continued in Electronic Technologies, Energy and Product ID and business activity also improved in Fluid Solutions and Material Handling. Clearly, we are seeing evidence of a global economic recovery across a wide portion of our portfolio and we expect these trends to benefit to us next quarter and for the year. Thus we have increased guidance for the year and Brad will discuss our updated outlook later in the call. With that, let's move to our first quarter results. Today, we reported first-quarter earnings per share of $0.65, up 97% from last year. First quarter revenue was $1.6 billion, an increase of 15% over last year and 5% sequentially. First quarter revenue was stronger than expected at Fluid Management and Electronic Technologies, slightly better than expected at Industrial Products. Revenue at Engineered Systems was as anticipated and order rates were robust. The order rates at Engineered Systems have them well-positioned for a strong seasonal upswing the next two quarters. Net earnings from continuing operations were $122 million, nearly double last year's result. I was very pleased to see bookings accelerate as the quarter progressed. For the quarter, bookings were $1.8 billion, again up 41% over the prior year and a 13% sequential improvement. For the second consecutive quarter, sequential bookings growth was double digit and the strength of those bookings was across a wide portion of our portfolio. Bookings increased in all segments on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. Book-to-bill finished at 1.12. Operating margin for the quarter was 15%, up 480 basis points. Margins improved at Industrial Products, Engineered Systems and Electronic Technologies and remained strong at Fluid Management. Sequentially margins improved at each segment. These solid results reflect higher volume and the continuing benefits of restructuring actions taken in 2009. It was very gratifying to see how well our companies converted volume to earnings. In the first quarter, we generated free cash flow of $48 million, 3% of revenue. Our first quarter is traditionally the weakest in terms of cash flow generation. This quarter's cash flow also reflects an increase in working capital to support revenue growth. I remain confident that full-year free cash flow will be around 10% of revenue. Our acquisition pipeline remains active as we continue to look for opportunities which complement our strong positions and diversify our geographic footprint. Though we did not close any deals in the first quarter, we remain confident we will complete some strategic add-ons as the year unfolds. Now, let me turn the call over to Brad for comments on our segment performance.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Bob. Good morning, everyone. I would like to first cover our first quarter segment performance and then discuss some additional financial information. I would like to start on slide five. As Bob mentioned, sequential revenue increased 5% across Dover. This performance was better than anticipated and better than our normal seasonal pattern. Revenue grew 13% sequentially at Fluid Management and 5% in Industrial Products while Engineered Systems revenue increased 2%. Electronic Technologies' revenue was essentially flat. We were pleased with this performance, as Electronic Technologies' first quarter tends to be seasonally weaker than the fourth. From a bookings perspective, we saw sequential improvements at all four segments. Also of note, March bookings were by far the strongest month of the quarter. Turning to slide six. Industrial Products posted revenue of $429 million and $51 million of earnings. Though revenue was down 1% from last year, earnings improved 48%. This strong earnings performance was a result of volume improvements at some of our higher gross margin operating companies and the benefits of our prior restructuring efforts. Bookings were $435 million, an increase of 32%, indicating improving trends in most end markets. Industrial Products produced a quarterly operating margin of 11.9%, which was up 400 basis points from last year and 170 basis points sequentially. Again, our earlier rightsizing actions continue to put this segment in a strong position to leverage any market recovery. With respect to our Material Handling platform, sales increased 1% to $189 million, while earnings increased 135%, driven by strong results at Warn and DE-STA-CO. This resulted in platform margins up over 800 basis points from 2009. For the quarter, bookings were $204 million, an increase of 72% over last year and 13% sequentially, yielding a book-to-bill of 1.08. North American construction trends are modestly improving and our order rates in our military winch business are strong. With respect to our Mobile Equipment platform, sales were $240 million, down 3% from last year, while earnings increased 8%. Margins increased 150 basis points, capitalizing on improving automotive service markets and the aggressive restructuring actions and business integrations completed in 2009. Bookings were $231 million in the quarter, an increase of 10% over the prior year, but down 9% sequentially reflecting lumpy military orders. As discussed last quarter, the commercial aerospace and core petroleum and bulk trailer markets remain challenged and are having a negative effect on platform growth. Turning to slide seven, at Engineered Systems sales were $484 million, an increase of 21% and segment earnings increased 27% to $55 million. Bookings for the quarter were $589 million, an increase of 43% over the prior year and a 21% sequential improvement, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.22. The year-over-year growth in revenue is largely attributable to strength in Product ID and acquisitions of Tyler & Barker. For the quarter, operating margin was 11.3%, a 50 basis point improvement over last year. The margin performance was the result of solid Product ID leverage, partially offset by product mix at Hill Phoenix and a weak restaurant equipment market served by Unified Brands. In respect to our Product Identification platform, Markem-Imaje continued to benefit from solid market dynamics, both in the fast moving consumer goods and industrial end markets. This strength was partially offset by some weakness at Datamax-O'Neil. Despite that, first-quarter sales were $212 million, an increase of 20% including 5% from FX. Earnings increased 69% and margins increased over 500 basis points compared to last year. We expect continuing improvements in these end markets supported by a book-to-bill of 1.04. The Engineered Products platform posted an increase in revenue of 22% to $272 million, although earnings declined 3% resulting in margins declining 260 basis points. The primary drivers were a weak product mix at Hill Phoenix through the first half of the quarter and weak market conditions and lower volume at Unified Brands. The 2009 acquisitions of Barker & Tyler provided revenue of $57 million in the first quarter. Engineered Products bookings were $368 million, an increase of 56% over the prior-year period and 40% sequentially for a book-to-bill of 1.35. This seasonal improvement is higher than normal and largely driven by Hill Phoenix with a book-to-bill of 1.42. As a result, the second and third quarters should be very strong for our Hill Phoenix business. Moving to slide eight. At Fluid Management, both sales and earnings increased 15% to $381 million and $87 million, respectively. Bookings were $388 million, an increase of 32% from the prior year and 12% sequentially, resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.02. First quarter operating margin was 22.8%, flat with last year but a 270 basis point sequential improvement. We continue to see signs of improving end markets in this segment. Our Energy platform is highly correlated with the improving North American rig count, which increased 20% from year-end. Platform revenue increased 16% to $205 million, while earnings were 18% higher. Margin improved 50 basis points from the prior-year period on higher volumes and the benefits of restructuring. Quarterly bookings were $209 million, an increase of 46% year-over-year and 18% sequentially. Book-to-bill was 1.02, reflecting solid dynamics in most served end markets. The Fluid Solutions platform generated revenue of $176 million, an increase of 14%. Earnings increased 25%, resulting in a 180 basis point margin improvement. Bookings increased 19% year-over-year to $179 million and increased 6% sequentially. We are beginning to see modest but broad improvement, in most of this platform's served markets. Now, turning to slide nine. Electronic Technologies end markets were up significantly year-over-year with high demand for electronic assembly equipment and MEMS microphones. Revenue was $291 million, an increase of 36% over 2009. Earnings were $45 million, a tremendous improvement over the $12 million loss that occurred last year. Operating margin was 15.4%, driven by significantly higher volume and the benefits of earlier restructuring. Book-to-bill continues to be strong at 1.23. Our electronic assembly equipment companies continue to see an improving order book for the fourth consecutive quarter. In fact, order rates increased 33% sequentially. We expect the favorable climate in electronic assembly markets to continue in the near term. These favorable market conditions resulted in a book-to-bill of 1.44 for these companies. It was another solid quarter for our communication components companies, primarily reflecting strength at Knowles and improving conditions in the telecom infrastructure markets. Bookings continue to be strong with a book to bill of 1.1 [ph]. Having reviewed the segments, I now would like to briefly provide some additional financial data. Starting on slide 10, first quarter net interest expense of $27 million was up $5 million from last year, but in line with our full-year guidance. The first quarter result reflected lower returns on invested balances. Our net debt to total capitalization was 19.4%, a 100 basis point increase from year-end 2009 due to increases in working capital. Turning to taxes, our first quarter tax rate was 31.4%, 370 basis points below last year's rate, due to favorable geographic mix. We still expect the full year rate to be in the range of 29% to 30%. Corporate expense for the first quarter was $33 million, up $9 million from last year and in line with our full-year expectations. Turning to slide 11. As discussed, the first quarter was quite strong for us both in terms of revenue and bookings. We have raised our full-year outlook for organic revenue growth to reflect the current demand environment. We now expect organic revenue growth to be in the range of 7% to 10%. Breaking this down by segment, Industrial Products revenue should increase 1% to 4%. Engineered Systems should grow at 5% to 7% for the year. Fluid Solutions' overall revenue growth should be in the 10% to 12% range. Electronic Technologies should grow revenue in the high teens to the low 20% range. We expect acquisition-related growth to be roughly 3% for transactions completed in 2009. The impact of FX is assumed to be approximately neutral for the full year. All other items remain principally unchanged from our January call. Based on these revised revenue expectations, we are now forecasting 2010 EPS to be in the range of $2.70 to $2.95. Now, let's go to the full-year earnings bridge on slide 12. As you would expect, volume is the primary driver of the increase in earnings. Volume, product mix and pricing should improve earnings $0.56 to $0.80, this compares favorably with our range of $0.22 to $0.46. Restructuring and productivity continue to be a big driver of EPS growth for us in 2010, primarily due to the absence of restructuring costs and carryover benefits. Our 2009 acquisitions will deliver $0.10 and our tax rate impact is a function of our improved earnings forecast. All other categories are largely unchanged from our last call. Based on our revenue range, we would expect full year EPS growth of 36% to 48%. With that, I would like to turn the call back over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. Good review. I was pleased with our performance in the first quarter, especially with regard to revenue and booking growth, conversion and operating margin. We expect to see an even stronger second quarter, partly due to seasonality. While line of sight is somewhat limited with regard to the back half of 2010, we also expect those year-over-year comparisons to be favorable. Lastly, as we have begun to recover from the depths of the recession, I have been encouraged to hear multiple success stories from our business leaders with respect to market share gains, new product launches, traction in our supply chain initiative and the excellent performance of our 2009 acquisitions. We believe we are well positioned in our markets and our business leaders are focused on growth. I am confident they will deliver. Before I close, I would like to once again acknowledge the tremendous efforts of our operating companies with regard to margin performance. I was both encouraged and quite proud by how quickly our operating companies drove margins back to 15%. This puts us on a solid footing to deliver full-year margins on par with prior peak levels. With that, I will turn it back to Paul for questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. Before we turn it over to Kristy to compile questions, I just want to remind everybody again so that we can answer everybody's question, if you would limit your questions to one with a follow-up. Thanks. And at this point, Kristy, could you compile the questions?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Good start to the year for sure.
Bob Livingston: We think so too.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Hey guys. One of the things that really surprised us versus our modeling, I mean there are several things, but when you think about this $0.50 of net benefit from restructuring productivity, is that – help me understand at least. Is that based on current volumes that you saw in 1Q? Or does that number go up as volumes go up, just given that the fixed cost leverage there? Or is that – I guess, I just don't know how that number is compiled?
Brad Cerepak: Well, I think that’s right, it does. We are seeing more benefits than we last estimated in our previous guidance. And I would say that’s principally due to, again, being able to leverage the existing workforce we have. We haven't added that many heads through the first quarter. That could change as the year progresses, but right now, we are seeing benefits improving. I think we said last time carryover was $35 million to $40 million. We are seeing it now closer to $60 million.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Okay. I get it. Let's try Technologies. So it has always been a tough business for those of us in industrial land to understand. How do you think about how you grew versus the market? I suspect there has been some real share shifts in MEMS, but is there a way to kind of measure market growth when you think about your performance versus the market? Or is this a rising tide that lifts all boats and the market has really come back strong too?
Bob Livingston: I think it is a little bit of both, Scott. If you – you need to look at Electronic Technologies and look at the two different groupings, communication component companies versus the assembly and test companies. The growth rate in the assembly and test companies has been quite strong, not just in the first quarter, but during the second half of ’09 versus the trough there in the first half of ’09. That type – that level of growth, that level of change I would say is not unusual or abnormal when you come out of a low point in the electronic cycle. I think your real question is, are we capturing share or are we just riding with the market? I think in some targeted areas, we are capturing share. MEMS, I would point to one, as we continue to see our growth in MEMS outpace the growth in the cell phone market. I am thinking some new product launches within the assembly and test companies, the product launches have been quite successful.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And one – just last there, a quick follow-up. When you think about a book-to-bill in this particular business, how much visibility do you have? Is it a very short cycle time? Or are these longer – some of these orders longer-term orders?
Bob Livingston: I would say the bulk of our orders are going to be delivered within 12 weeks of order.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: 12 weeks.
Bob Livingston: So I would label them as short cycle.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Bob Livingston: And Scott, don't predict or don't model, another book-to-bill of 1.4 in the second quarter.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: You got it. Thanks guys.
Bob Livingston: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Just want to echo Scott's points about the strong start to the year there. So just semiconductor and North American gas, there has been some concern about the second half, maybe towards the back end of this year about those two markets. To what extent have you – first of all, what is your view on this? And secondly, to what extent have you built that into your model?
Bob Livingston: Well, we – I guess we would share those concerns and I think we have built them into our model. If you look at our growth, our revised guidance on growth for the year, 7% to 10% organic, we had 7% in the first quarter. We've got an easier comp going into the second quarter, Nigel. But even with that, I will tell you that our organic growth forecast for the second quarter is midteens. We take that down significantly in the second half, even though it is still favorable. We are looking at organic growth comparisons to the second half of last year of mid-single digits. So why? You have touched on the two whys, the electronics business and our energy business. With respect to energy, the guys had a great start here to the year. We had a good first quarter. We are modeling that to essentially go sideways for the balance of the year. We take some of the steam off the engine, so to speak, at Electronic Technologies in the second half. There is some seasonality that we expect to return to that business in the fourth quarter. I think we are recognizing that in our modeling.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Great. Great color there. And then 15% margin, that’s up for your long-term margin goal. What does this tell us about your – the potential for long-term margins? You had 15% margins in the first quarter of a real recovery. What does that tell us about – where do you think margins can go longer term?
Bob Livingston: Well, longer term, let's look at the next couple of years instead of the next seven. We were very pleased with the margin performance in the first quarter. And as I said in my prepared comments, I think it sets us up well to return to our peak margin performance and we will achieve that this year. It will be between 15% to 16% operating margins. I think we do have some upside beyond that. It is something that we are discussing and looking at quite diligently across the businesses. But for modeling purposes within a couple of years, I see us very capable of being at 17% margins or perhaps a bit better.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Great. And then just one final one for me. The backlog build at Hill Phoenix was terrific. How much of that was due to some orders coming from Target? And how does that develop as you go through the year, because I am assuming that could recur as you go through 2010?
Bob Livingston: Well, remind me what the book-to-bill was for Hill Phoenix in the first quarter, Brad, it was astounding. I think it was 1.4 or 1.45.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Right.
Bob Livingston: And I am not sure we've ever had a book-to-bill at Hill Phoenix in this level of nosebleed territory. I don't know what the percentage of our bookings were from Target. We were very pleased with the Target awards we had in the first quarter. They were higher than we had planned coming into the quarter. We are expecting the guys to have a very, very strong second and third quarter as they satisfy the customers that have awarded us this business in the first quarter.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of John Inch with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
John Inch – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, John.
John Inch – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Bob, Dover was one of the most aggressive companies at taking out capacity and headcount in the downturn. And as we are rolling into some of these book-to-bill numbers and accelerating economy for a lot of your businesses, how are you feeling about capacity generally within Dover? And just how does that Dovetail with your actions and just your ability to satisfy demand in the near term? How should we be thinking about those and how are you thinking about it?
Bob Livingston: Well, there is two parts to the capacity response, or response to the increasing orders. One is our work force, the second part is our supply chain.
John Inch – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Bob Livingston: And I think if you look at the data that has been shared here, headcount was up in the first quarter. I think we added about 700 employees in the first quarter. John, most of them, more than half of the employment increase in the first half was in Asia. So we are not reluctant to add employees and bring them back as the business conditions warrant or dictate. Supply chain is a bit of a different issue. We continue – we have seen it during the first quarter and I would expect we would continue to see it in the early part here of the second quarter, some constraints on the supply chain, especially around the electronics area. And the other parts of the business, I wouldn't label that as a significant concern.
John Inch – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Bob, just talking about initiatives, can you just remind us where things stand on that point, meaning maybe you could talk a little bit about supply rationalization? The way of recovery being so strong, has that put some of these activities on hold as you try and just manage for recovery versus some of the pruning? And just maybe remind us what the cost benefits are this year, next year?
Bob Livingston: Let me respond to the more general question. Are we putting any of our activities on hold and the answer is no, John. We still expect to end the year and go into 2011 with the same financial benefits that we gave you on our guidance call in January. The traction and the activity in that area remains very strong and very positive.
John Inch – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Is it still early or has any of it gotten better or worse? Is there any other sort of commentary you can provide?
Bob Livingston: In some of the initiatives around some of the commodity spend areas the anticipated benefits are coming in a bit stronger than we had modeled. And a few others a little bit of the opposite.
John Inch – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Again, how much of a financial benefit this year and next year?
Bob Livingston: We feel very positive with the guidance we gave you in January with respect to those financial targets.
John Inch – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Thank you, good morning. I wonder if you could help us just triangulate what the organic revenue growth was in Hill PHOENIX and the entire refrigeration franchise in the quarter? I am kind of backing into down 4% or 5%, right ballpark?
Bob Livingston: On the core?
Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Yeah, on the core.
Bob Livingston: That's correct. The guys at Hill PHOENIX had the unenviable position this year of comparing to a very, very strong quarter in 2009. I think their organic sales in the first quarter were slightly negative, maybe 3 points.
Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: 3 points.
Bob Livingston: It has a lot to do with just timing and product mix and customer awards, and is it going to ship in March or is it going to ship in April.
Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Yeah. I totally understand. I just want to have the base right as we think about rolling into the season here.
Bob Livingston: We view the seasonal upswing to be quite positive in respect to our modeling right now.
Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Yeah, absolutely. Bob, you made a comment about M&A in the pipeline looking better. Should we expect anything out of the ordinary this year in terms of size or magnitude or number of deals, or is it kind of in the sweet spot, midsize tuck-in type deals?
Bob Livingston: You asked the question, but you make a statement. I don't think I said that it has improved. I said it was still quite active
Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Okay.
Bob Livingston: I wouldn't label the pipeline here today as much improved versus where it was 90 days ago. We have a lot of interesting opportunities in our pipeline. And I think you should still expect that any add-on acquisitions, any acquisitions we do this year view them to be strategic add-ons to existing, I call it, strong positions we have in our portfolio and small to midsized type of acquisitions.
Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: How about on the sell side of things, any increase in your internal preparatory activity or external interest in maybe some of your non-core assets?
Bob Livingston: Well, I can't comment on external interest. There is no change on our preparatory processes, to use your language.
Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan.
Steve Tusa – J.P. Morgan: Hi. Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa – J.P. Morgan: I think a good start to the year is quite an understatement, so a really good quarter.
Bob Livingston: It's a good start. Thank you.
Steve Tusa – J.P. Morgan: On price cost you mentioned a couple of times and I guess in the queue there were some commentary around the refrigeration business and maybe a little bit in energy. If you could just maybe talk about it broadly what you are seeing across the portfolio on price cost and what you're assuming on raw materials in the back half of the year.
Brad Cerepak: Let me answer the question just overall for Dover. We originally put out guidance back in January. We were assuming there was going to be some price cost pressure. And at that time we said it would be 60 to 75 basis points impact on margin. Today we see that as a little bit higher, let's say we are estimating out in this guidance about 100 basis points, mostly all driven by commodities. Now I would then go one step further to say it is more prevalent in some of our businesses than others, where we have a higher spend on commodities. But, again, you're talking about a pretty small impact, mostly second half related.
Bob Livingston: I think, Steve, perhaps the only other cover I would add to that, if you look at our modeling and our revised guidance for the year, our first-quarter gross margin was 38% plus a little bit. We see us sustaining that for the balance of the year.
Steve Tusa – J.P. Morgan: Right. Are there any particular areas where it is more acute? And can you maybe just talk about that in refrigeration? And obviously Hill PHOENIX is having a great start to the year, so maybe the volume just overwhelms that, but is there any particular areas where you're seeing more?
Bob Livingston: Actually, I am not concerned about the gross margin and the commodity cost management at Hill PHOENIX. They do an outstanding job at that. I think the only thing that happened in the first quarter that probably cost us – I'm going to guess and say maybe $0.01, Brad, was the rapid increase in nickel in the first quarter. And we did feel that impact as well.
Brad Cerepak: Yeah. It was about a penny.
Bob Livingston: About a penny.
Steve Tusa – J.P. Morgan: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy with Robert W. Baird.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Good morning, John [ph].
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Rob.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: What do you ask after such a solid report? I want to ask a question – I mean, it is relevant to the quarter's numbers, but maybe it goes little bit beyond that too. Looking at Fluid Management and Brad, as you went through your report on how the individual businesses had done. We had energy up 18 and Fluid Solutions up 25 on an earnings basis. Of course, the whole segment is up only 15. I think we all understand that there are some eliminations and adjustments in the earnings numbers that you report to us, or the change relative to what would be reported on an income statement. But maybe it would be useful to remind us why with the two businesses growing earnings faster than what the segment did where the source of incremental expenses come from.
Bob Livingston: I think – I am doing a little bit of this as recall, Rob. I don't have the data here in front of me. But I do know that the one item that the guys at DFM had at the, I will call it at the segment line, that wasn't showing up in the platform comments were some increased costs around deals and transactions. I believe that was $3 million to $4 million in the first quarter.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Not related to in procil [ph], just ongoing work?
Bob Livingston: A little bit of both. A little bit of both.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: I wonder if you could – can we get to you to be a little more expensive about where you think you're taking some share on the assembly equipment side of the electronics business?
Bob Livingston: I think we have clearly have seen that in our – at the DEK business with respect to their traditional core printers. And one of the more – one of the more interesting product launch successes we have had over the last 18 months was a product launch in the depths of the recession in the first quarter of last year by DEK, the solar printing product offering. That has shown very, very strong growth over the last 15 months. And order activity there was quite strong in the first quarter. Within the test business, we have seen very strong order rates at Multitest in their first quarter and believe we are taking share there.
Robert McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Okay. Keep it up, guys.
Bob Livingston: Okay. Thank you. We are trying.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blanton with Ingalls & Snyder.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Alex. Most of my questions have been asked already, but could you characterize your business geographically? Trends for other companies are stronger outside of the U.S. and Europe than inside. So how is going for you and where can you capitalize on those geographic trends?
Bob Livingston: Let me start first with sort of the revenue split for the first quarter and it's probably not much different than it was during most of last year. North America and this is both U.S. and Canada, so in North America, it was 60% of our revenue, Europe about 18%, Asia 14 to 15%, Latin America 4 to 5%. And I know I'm missing 2 or 3 points just call it other. I think the second part it was growth. Am I picking that up true, Alex?
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Well, yes. Other companies are seeing that North American part and European – Western Europe is relatively weak and the real strength is in Asia and Latin America.
Bob Livingston: Okay. The first quarter versus a year ago, North America growth was about 9%. Europe was about 8%. Latin America was about 40% and Asia was about 55%. Of that huge number in Asia 55%, it was 39 or 40% in China.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. So what do you do now to capitalize on those kinds of trends going forward? I mean are you shifting some emphasis to those countries that are rapidly growing or are you leaving that up to individual units or what?
Bob Livingston: Well, both. It's not something we are responding to this quarter, it's something we have been working on for the past 18 months. And again, not to overemphasize this, but it is a key part. It was the effort we made starting in the second half of '08, but really did complete it last year was the establishment of our regional headquarters in China, which is providing a fair amount of infrastructure and assistance. And we are clearly are, as we went through the downturn and did our restructuring in the first half of last year, we did. As we closed some manufacturing facilities in North America and Europe, at the same time we were bringing up some new facilities in Asia in anticipation of the recovery of the economy. And we think it has benefited us. We will continue to do that.
Alex Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: It sure looks like it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question comes from the line Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Thank you, good morning.
Bob Livingston: Good morning, Terry.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: I just wanted to get into some of the segment detail a little bit on the organic growth outlook for the full year. I am wondering if you can share with us first off within the fluid business your expectations around organic relative to the total 10 to 12% for first, the energy piece and then the fluid solutions piece?
Bob Livingston: Well, I don't have that breakdown between the platforms within DFM. You can probably follow up with Paul, this afternoon or Monday and get that detail.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Sure. Bob, I guess where I was going with that specifically was some given where U.S. natural gas prices are, I think I had heard you indicate in some of your color commentary that you're expecting – you are assuming that business stays flat for the rest of the year. I think we've got a number of folks looking for the U.S. rig count to come off. So I am wondering how your guys are thinking about that, maybe it's not your customers who are pulling back on the rig count or another mix issue, but maybe you can flesh that out?
Bob Livingston: No. I agree with that. In fact, when we look at our second quarter forecast and I will use the word experts in parentheses, when we look at the expert forecast for the second quarter, rig count does start to moderate a little bit. So from our viewpoint the average rig count now in the second quarter forecast is about level with what the average was in the first quarter. But it is starting to decline. We see a real mix of forecast for the second half of the year with respect to rig count deployment. But we are assuming that activity is going to moderate a bit during the year.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: The rig count moderates, but your revenues stay stable. So you are gaining share or it is not your customers are pulling back on their drilling activity, is that the way to translate that?
Bob Livingston: That's part of it. But you also have to appreciate that our entire energy business is not directly correlated to rig count deployment. Obviously, our sucker rod business is pretty tightly correlated, as well as U.S. synthetics. But U.S. synthetics business is also quite international. So it is not quite as dependent on North America rig count activity as perhaps Norris sucker rods.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's helpful. And then coming back to the electronic business, I am wondering if you can talk about where you see inventories in the channel right now? I think across the tax base broadly people are concerned about some double ordering that may have been going on and where do you see that for just your businesses?
Bob Livingston: Well, we have been asking those same questions. I mean it's not unusual when you see a strong recovery off of a deep trough for some customers to be concerned enough about capacity and supply constraints that there is some of that. Within our equipment businesses we don't believe its happening, Terry. We have scrubbed that one pretty hard.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Is there some metrics you can help us with, Bob, there in terms of day sales or something like that, range historically where we are right now that you see there?
Bob Livingston: Nothing that I have here in front of me or anything that I can recall. But, Terry, I will tell you, when you look at the early activity here in the second quarter, the order rates within the electronics segment as a group and then even in the individual companies the April order rates are staying quite strong.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's helpful. And then just lastly, on second quarter kind of order rate expectations obviously you just answered it there for electronics and clearly your earlier message on not expecting book-to-bill to remain this strong is clear. But what do you expect for orders either in total, absolute terms or however you want to couch it. Where should our calibration be on second derivative of orders for the second quarter?
Bob Livingston: I think the best guidance, I can give you right now is overall for Dover look at the bookings expectation for the second quarter to be relatively flat with the first.
Terry Darling – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call over to Paul Goldberg for closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks, everyone. This concludes our conference call. And I want to thank you again for your continued interest in Dover. And we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. And please follow up with me directly, if you have any questions that came out of this call. Thanks a lot. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's first quarter 2010 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul Goldberg – Treasure, Director Investor Relations Robert Livingston – President, Chief Executive Officer Brad Cerepak – Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital
Operator: Welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 Dover Corporation Earnings conference call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation, Brad Cerepak, Vice President and CFO of Dover Corporation and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg.
Paul Goldberg: Good morning and welcome to Dover’s fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover’s President and Chief Executive Officer and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad on Dover’s fourth quarter and full year operating and financial performance and our outlook for 2010. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through 11:00 pm February 12 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-642-1687. When accessing the playback you’ll need to supply the following reservation code: 49660424. Before we get started I’d like to remind everybody that our comments today which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statements.  Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I’d like to turn this call over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Before we get into our results I’d like to provide some general comments on our end markets and the current business climate. I’m pleased to report we finished the fourth quarter better than expected across the majority of our companies. Sequentially, order rates continue to be stable or up in virtually all our end markets. Improving trends in electronic technologies, energy and product ID were supported by several factors such as increased demand for a new wave of consumer electronics, modest but steady improvement in the North American rig count, channel restocking and a relatively stable pricing environment. We are encouraged by the way our business activities have developed the last two quarters and are entering 2010 with expectations of revenue growth across our segments. With that, let me move to our fourth quarter and full year results. Today we reported fourth quarter earnings per share of $0.55 down 40% from last year. Fourth quarter revenue was $1.5 billion down 13% from last year and flat sequentially. Fourth quarter revenue was stronger than anticipated at Fluid Management and Electronic Technologies while the revenue seasonality posted at Engineered Systems was as expected.  Net earnings from continuing operations were $102 million, down 40%. For the full year, Dover’s revenue was $5.8 billion down 24% from the prior year and in line with our previously provided guidance. Full year EPS of $1.99 and earnings from continuing operations of $372 million were down 46%. Bookings for the quarter were $1.6 billion up 10% over the prior year and up 10% sequentially. I am very pleased to report all segments and platforms posted sequential improvements in order rates and all segments achieved book to bills of greater than one. Operating margin for the quarter was 13.1% down 220 basis points. That said, operating margin sequentially improved at Fluid Management and Industrial products resulting from higher volume and the continuing benefits of restructuring actions taken earlier in the year. For the full year operating margin was 12.3%, a 300 basis point decline but a performance we are pleased with given the economic environment. I am confident the restructuring actions taken throughout the year have positioned us well as we enter 2010. In the fourth quarter we generated free cash flow of $211 million or 14% of revenue. For the full year free cash flow was $682 million, 12% of revenue. We continued to invest in strategic target markets, namely, product ID, energy, fluid solutions, refrigeration and food equipment and communication components. We closed on four strategic add on acquisitions during the fourth quarter; Barker, Inpro/Seal, A La Cart, and Extech for a total investment of $184 million. These acquisitions fit squarely within our strategy and expand our product offerings in niche growth applications. Our acquisition pipeline remains active as we continue to look for opportunities which complement our existing strong positions in our target markets. Now let me turn the call over to Brad for comments on our segment performance.
Brad Cerepak: Thanks Bob. Good morning everyone. I would like to cover our segment performance and then discuss some additional financial information. My comments will focus on quarterly results while full year comparisons are in our slide presentation. Turning to Slide 5, sequential revenue was up at three of our four segments and five of our six platforms on the strength of our fourth quarter bookings. Revenue grew 9% sequentially in Fluid Management and 6% in Electronic Technologies while Industrial Products revenue was up 3%. Engineered Systems revenue was down 9% sequentially, consistent with seasonality normally seen at Hill Phoenix. From a booking perspective, fourth quarter bookings sequentially improved at four segments and all six platforms. Also of note, December bookings were the strongest month of the quarter. Turning to Slide 6, Industrial Products posted fourth quarter revenue of $408 million and $42 million of earnings. Although these results were down 28% and 29% respectively from 2008 this quarter’s earnings were the best of the year for Industrial Products. Bookings were $433 million, up 5% indicating improving trends in most end markets. Industrial Products generated quarterly operating margins of 10.2% essentially flat with last year as we continue to see the benefits of our earlier right sizing actions. With respect to our Material Handling platform, sales decreased 35% to $166 million in the quarter while earnings decreased 53%. This resulted in platform margins down about 300 basis points from 2008’s results. For the quarter, bookings were $180 million. Though down 13% compared to last year they were strong sequentially with a book to bill of 1.09. We anticipate improving results for several of our businesses in this platform over the next few quarters; however remain cautious for our construction related businesses. With respect to our Mobile Equipment platform, sales were $242 million in the quarter, down 21% from last year while earnings declined only 6%. Margins were strong; up 260 basis points. Consistent with the third quarter margin performance was solid across the platform, capitalizing on aggressive restructuring actions and business integrations Bookings were $253 million in the quarter, up 24% and also significantly up sequentially. We anticipate solid business conditions of environmental and vehicle services group; however we are not expecting commercial aerospace or trailer markets to recover rapidly. Turning to Slide 7, at Engineered Systems sales were $473 million, up 6% from last year while segment earnings were down 10% to $48 million. Bookings for the quarter were $487 million up 17% and up sequentially. The year over year growth in revenue and bookings is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of Tyler and Barker, partially offset by end market softness and seasonality. For the quarter operating margin was 10.2%, 140 basis point decline. The margin performance was impacted by the lower volume due to lower seasonality, approximately $3 million of one time costs associated with acquisitions and roughly $4 million of restructuring charges. With respect to our Product Identification platform, we continue to see benefit from the improved demand trends first seen during the second quarter of the year. This is the third consecutive quarter where both revenue and bookings improved sequentially indicating improved channel dynamics and end market demand. For the quarter, sales were $220 million up 5% primarily driven by FX. Year over year earnings were up 2% though margins were down 50 basis points compared to last year. Though still very strong in absolute terms, the reduction in margin was driven by product mix and restructuring costs in the quarter. We are very pleased with the positioning of our Product ID platform and expect continuing improvements in our end markets supported by a solid book to bill of 1.02. The Engineered Products platform posted an increase in revenue of 6% while earnings declined 9% year over year. Platform margins declined due to seasonally lower volume, product mix and one time acquisition costs.  With the acquisitions of Barker and Tyler, Hill Phoenix has built a leading position in the North American refrigeration case market. These acquisition provided revenue of $43 million in the fourth quarter and $132 million for the year. Engineered Products bookings were $263 million up 20% over the prior year period for a book to bill of 1.04. We expect Hill PHOENIX and SWEP to show improvement in the first quarter but generally remain seasonally down. Their results will improve in the second and third quarters in line with normal seasonal upswings. Moving to Slide 8, at Fluid Management sales declined 19% to $336 million and earnings were $68 million a decline of 32%. Bookings were down only 7% from the prior year. Fourth quarter operating margin was 20.1% down 400 basis points but strong considering the weakness in demand experienced throughout 2009. For the year operating margin was 20.4%. We began with the goal to keep full year margins in this segment around 19% to 20% and I am happy to report we exceeded this goal. We continue to see signs of improving end markets and sequential growth in revenue, earnings and bookings for the last two quarters. Our Energy Platform continued to see sequential revenue growth in conjunction with improving North American rig count. However, as was the case in the fourth quarter and will be the case next quarter, year over year comparison in Energy are difficult.  Fourth quarter revenue declined 30% to $165 million while earnings were 42% lower. Fourth quarter margin remains strong but declined 530 basis points from the prior year period on lower volume and product mix. Quarterly bookings continue to improve sequentially but were down 16% year over year. Book to bill was 1.07 reflecting continued momentum in served end markets. Our Fluid Solutions platform generated $171 million in the quarter, a decline of 4%. Earnings also decline 4% yet we held margins. Bookings improved 5% year over year to $170 million. We expect this platform to gradually improve during 2010. Now turning to Slide 9, Electronic Technologies continued to see improved end market demand for their communication components in electronic assembly equipment. They also continued to benefit from restructuring activities taken earlier in the year. Fourth quarter revenue was $292 million only down 3%. Earnings were $40 million, the high point of 2009. Operating margin was 13.6% for the quarter driven by higher volume but impacted by roughly $2 million in restructuring costs. Book to bill continues to be strong at 1.05. Our Electronic Assembly Equipment companies continue to see improving order book for the third consecutive quarter which contrasted with normal seasonality. In fact, order rates were up 26% sequentially in the fourth quarter. We anticipate favorable climate in the Electronic Assembly markets to continue in the near term as a new wave of investment seems to be taking hold. Favorable market conditions resulted in a book to bill of 1.07 for this group of companies. Our Communication Component companies continued to post strong results benefiting from relative stability in our key military hearing aid and NEMS markets and strong operational execution. Bookings continue to be strong in this space with a book to bill of 1.03. Having reviewed the segments, I would now like to briefly provide some additional financial data. Going to Slide 10, fourth quarter net interest expense was $26.8 million. For the full year, net interest expense increased 5% to $100 million primarily reflecting low returns on invested balances. Our net debt to total capitalization was 18.4%, a 650 basis point reduction from year end 2008 due to strong cash flow and relatively low CapEx and acquisition spending. Turning to taxes, our fourth quarter tax rate was 27.2%. For the full year, our tax rate was 24.4% and compares favorably to last year’s 26.6% rate. The primary driver of our lower full year tax rate was a relatively large discrete benefit recognized in the second quarter of 2009. Corporate expenses for the fourth quarter were $29.6 million essentially flat with last year. Full year corporate expense was $118 million, a 2% increase over 2008. This increase primarily reflects investments in our supply chain program, costs associated with other scale and leverage activities and increased corporate development costs. Turning to Slide 11, in the fourth quarter restructuring charges were $10 million. For the full year restructuring costs and benefits were $72 million and $125 million respectively and in line with our original guidance. Turning to Slide 12, now with respect to guidance, looking at 2010 we estimate full year organic growth revenue to be in the range of 4% to 6%. Electronic Technologies should show organic revenue growth in the low double digit range. Engineered Systems and Fluid Solutions should be in the overall 4% to 6% range and we expect Industrial Products to be flat with 2009. We also expect acquisition related growth to roughly 3% for transactions completed in 2009. Corporate expense, interest expense and CapEx should all be up versus 2009 as we continue to invest in our businesses, and the tax rate is expected to normalize. Based on these expectations, we are forecasting 2010 EPS to be in the range of $2.35 to $2.65. Now let’s go to the earnings bridge on Slide 13. Borrowing improvement, product mix and pricing should improve earnings $0.23 to $0.45 while net acquisitions will add about $0.08. All 2009 acquisitions will be accretive to our 2010 EPS. The benefits of restricting net productivity includes the absence of $72 million in restructuring charges from 2009, $30 million to $40 million of incremental benefits from those actions plus minor 2010 restructuring costs and includes supply chain, material and other productivity benefits which should add $0.40 to $0.48 to 2010 EPS. Compensation increases will be about a $0.10 headwind as we restore some salaries and benefits. Corporate expense and interest expense will impact EPS $0.04 and $0.03 respectively. Lastly, our normalized tax rate of 29% to 30% will impact EPS $0.17 to $0.19. Of course each line item is subject to some level of risk but we feel confident that we can achieve full year EPS growth of 18% to 33%. Now I’d like to turn the call back over to Bob.
Robert Livingston: Thanks Brad. With respect to our 2010 guidance, I am more confident today than two to three months ago about our 2010 outlook. The second half order rates are encouraging and do provide a base for revenue growth in 2010. In fact, our revenue guidance is a little bit stronger than the outlook provided at our November investor day. Aside from the gradual improvement in our end markets, I am also extremely pleased with the progress we made on several initiatives throughout the year. Those initiatives include our focused M&A program inclusive of our improved post merger integration processes, our global supply chain initiative, the establishment of our China regional headquarters and co-locating our corporate and segment management teams to our new office in Chicago. The benefits of these initiatives have already begun to accrue and will continue to benefit Dover and our shareholders in 2010 and beyond. I am pleased we undertook these initiatives in 2009 despite the weak global economy. Our leadership teams realized we needed to make some changes to emerge from a downturn a stronger company, and we have. In fact, once we realized the severity of the recession, we set two key financial objectives for 2009; achieve full year double digit operating margins and 10% free cash flow as a percent of revenue. Full year operation margin was 12.3% and free cash was 11.8% of revenue. Our leadership teams did a great job executing on these objectives. In closing, I’d like to take this opportunity to thank all of the Dover employees for their hard work and support. Through our collective efforts we have emerged from the recession a stronger company. We are now focused on growth. With that, I’ll turn to back to Paul for questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Brad and Bob for that summary. At t his point we’d like to turn it back to the operator and if you could compile the questions. Before you do that, I’d just like to remind everybody to limit your questions to one with a follow up we’ll be better able to serve everybody who wants to ask a question. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch.
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: A question about the Engineered Product business, if I’m mistaken, Tyler had pretty big share with the big box retailers and those companies have actually pulled out not insignificant ramp ups in their intended CapEx remodeling, grocery store openings, that sort of thing. I’m curious, post Tyler have you seen any sort of a share shift on the part of those customers. We obviously know who the other competitor is, but have those customers looked and said well we can’t give you too much business because of Tyler with Hill Phoenix together. Have you realized that or maybe a little color around the expectations on that front?
Robert Livingston: My first comment would be no, we haven’t seen a share change or a share mix change but within that leading comment, you are going to see a little bit of noise from customer to customer. But we actually fee quite positive with the share that we have held over the Tyler business.
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Your construction businesses where I think Brad said that the outlook still remains challenged. What are your thoughts toward the balancing between some sort of a future divestiture in terms on waiting for profitability to potentially come back even though non res construction still looks challenged in the U.S. versus think about maybe wiping the slate clean with respect to those businesses particularly given that it wasn’t really on your watch that they were acquired? How are you thinking about that?
Robert Livingston: I think your comment about being on our watch has nothing to do with the decision we make. But to respond to your question, we have made no decision nor do we have anything in the planning for any divestitures in 2010.
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: But I guess my point is are you in any way averse to selling businesses that may cyclically be at a bottom? May X those businesses that are cyclically at a bottom versus wanting to refocus Dover I guess is sort of the question.
Robert Livingston: I think we will work toward refocusing the portfolio a little bit over the I call it the medium term, the next two to three years but don’t look for a major shift in 2010 as we deal with the bottom of this market.
John Inch – BofA/Merrill Lynch: You’ve started all these initiatives from supply chain on down. Do you feel comfortable in terms of the management of the multiple balls that Dover has right now? I’m just curious on that front. How do you balance the concerns that perhaps you’ve taken on more than you can chew in the short run?
Robert Livingston: I think 2009 is behind us. I think the initiatives that were introduced in late ’08 and during 2009 have started to gain traction and our focus in 2010 and ’11 is on execution. I feel comfortable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: I actually missed your organic growth assumptions by segment, could you just repeat those please?
Brad Cerepak: What we said was, and this is a little bit of a change from what we said at Dover day, so we can talk a little bit about that too, but Electronic Technology should show organic revenue growth in the low double digit range and we have Engineered Systems and Fluid Solutions within that range, 4% to 6% of the overall total company, and we expect Industrial to be flattish from 2009.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Within Industrial, what is the mix between what you’re handling and the other segments?
Brad Cerepak: I would tell you at this point we see both of those platforms being relatively flat, no real difference.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: Digging into the guidance, what do you see for cost flow back in 2010? I love industrials but talk about some of the temporary cost actions put through in 2009 come back in 2010. How much have you embed in for that?
Brad Cerepak: What we have, it’s right in the bridge there for comp and benefits, so we’re saying it’s about $0.08 to $0.12 so if you figure pick the mid point at $0.10 roughly $30 million.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: On the book to bill ratio of 1.04, typically speaking the fourth quarter is the weak book to bill quarter for you. What does that tell you about 1Q? Does that mean that 1Q is going to be stronger than normal relative to the fourth quarter?
Robert Livingston: With respect to the revenue outlook for 2010, we typically do see a seasonally weaker first quarter, a seasonally weaker fourth quarter with the strong shoulders in second and third quarter. You should still expect to see that similar pattern through the weakness in the first quarter may not be as significant as it has been in the past.
Nigel Coe – Deutsche Bank: The .02 of discontinued in the quarter, what was that?
Robert Livingston: Related to trucking.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder.
Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: I’d like to address the guidance item of restructuring savings briefly. At $0.40 to $0.48 which is quite a big number in terms of the gain you’re forecasting, and very often when companies build those things into their guidance, all of it doesn’t get realized because competitors are also restructuring and some or all of it winds up being given back to the customers in lower prices. So very often we just don’t see those restructuring. My question is, have you built in any safety factor for that in this number? What’s the risk that you won’t see all of that because there’s pricing pressure from competitors who have also restructured?
Robert Livingston: If you look at the bride we deal with pricing in a separate line than we deal with the restructuring benefits. The most significant item in the $0.40 to $0.48 for the restructuring line is actually the absence of the restructuring charges that we took in 2009.
Brad Cerepak: If you think about the mid point of that range, $0.36 of the $0.44 at the mid point is for things already completed and the absence of as Bob said, the absence of the cost. That’s the predominant share of that line item.
Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: These are cost savings that you expect, am I correct?
Robert Livingston: These are not only cost savings we expect from completed actions, but also the absence of the $72 million we spent in 2009.
Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: That has been expensed. That’s a good point. What is that per share?
Robert Livingston: That piece is $0.24 per share.
Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder:  So it includes the absence of $0.24 of restructuring charges.
Robert Livingston: Yes.
Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: Good point. Let’s just hope that you’re strong competitively that even if your competitors cut costs too, they won’t be able to force you to reduce prices even more than you expect. My second question is on the acquisitions; you mentioned four acquisitions but I don’t believe you described them in any detail. Are they both on or standalone and also did you mention how much they’ll add to sales in the quarter?
Robert Livingston: Actually I think on three of the four acquisitions we actually issued press releases during the fourth quarter at the time of the acquisition. The largest acquisition was Barker and it is an add on to Hill PHOENIX. They are a manufacturer of specialty cases for the grocery stores.  The next largest acquisition was Inpro/Seal which was an add on acquisition for Waukesha Bearing, a manufacturer of isolator technologies or bearing applications in turbo machinery. The two smaller acquisitions were A La Cart which was an add on for Unified Grams and Extech which was a small add on for portable printing technology in our Product ID group.
Brad Cerepak: What we said was they would provide 3% of our top line growth in 2010. The way to think about it is before as Bob was speaking to is about two points of that three and the other piece being the carry over from Tyler year over year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: I wonder if I could get you to speak to again your comments about seasonality expected in Engineered Systems which I guess we’re really talking about the refrigerating case business. Did you really just speak to normal seasonality, low first quarter followed by stronger second and third or was there something more there that I missed?
Robert Livingston: Are you referring to the outlook or are you referring to the fourth quarter?
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: The outlook.
Robert Livingston: It is quite normal and Hill Phoenix’s business and end market for the fourth quarter and the first quarter to be a little bit light relative to the second and third quarters. We see the normal seasonal upswings in the second and third quarter. We’re expecting the same patterns in 2010. It does appear to be a bit more pronounced but I have to tell you the reason it may appear that way to the audience is that we have made a rather major investment in the Hill Phoenix business with a couple of acquisitions to build out their position in that space and it has become a larger piece of the Engineered Systems portfolio. It’s normal seasonality. Nothing else.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: Are thinking of that market as one like many others has some pent up demand in it?
Robert Livingston: We would like to think so. Now the question is, does some of that pent up demand get released in 2010 or does some of that demand continue to be deferred until 2011. We’re taking a rather conservative approach right now with the outlook and we’ve given guidance here on the Engineered Systems revenue for 2010 of organic of about 4% to 5% to 6%, in the mid point of our range. Let me add one other comment. There’s two pieces to this Hill Phoenix business. One is the remodel, the other is the new store construction. And you have to appreciate some of this pent up demand that we all may think exists in the market space truly is tied to commercial construction. It was weak in ’08, it was weak in ’09 and we’re taking a similar attitude towards 2010.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: It certainly seems appropriate given the evidence. I’d like to ask about your forecast for relatively flat organic growth in Mobile Equipment where as I’m sure you’re aware, a lot of your potential customers anyway are talking about fairly substantial production increases compared with last year when they were producing so far below retail demand. I would think that might be particularly true for the customers at [Kremlow]. I’m wondering if that forecast is a function of an element that I might not appreciate or if it’s a function have you been beaten up so badly in that business that you don’t want to count on any growth?
Robert Livingston: You question was about Mobile Equipment, but you’ve referenced a company or two.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: I’m sorry, I meant material handling.
Robert Livingston: You make a good point there on Mobile Equipment. We see some ups and downs within the portfolio. We do have some companies in that portfolio that should see some organic growth as their end markets do recover. We have a couple of drags going into 2010. We do expect our trailer business to be down and that is still related to end market demand around the oil and gas part of their business. And we have some caution in our plan with respect to commercial airspace.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: Do you have the ability to get some upside from Kyle Trailer from military?
Robert Livingston: That’s a very significant part of the product portfolio and customer set and Kyle Trailer and we do enjoy that business, but it is lumpy. We are actually forecasting our military business at Kyle Trailer to even be down as well in 2010. Not significantly, but down as well.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: And to my question as it turns out was really mobile material handling companies?
Robert Livingston: I understand the point you make. I read the same press and trade articles that you do or perhaps some of the same. All I can tell you right now is we are not seeing an uptick in the material handling business that you and I would refer to as construction related. Is it better in the second half? Maybe, but we don’t have that visibility right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: I want to get a sense of what more, maybe quantify or at least directionally talk to what more can be done as far as taking costs our of supplier consolidation and centralizing your corporate functions, things that Brad’s really talked about, having some potential to do in 2009 and 2010. Maybe one way to ask it is what inning are we in in that and any way to quantify it at all as a tailwind or an opportunity.
Brad Cerepak: Let me speak specifically to the supply chain initiative. Our targets going into 2010 have not changed from what we shared with you at our investor conference in November or what we shared with the audience on a couple of calls we had in 2009. We expect to close 2010 with an annualized run rate on I call it savings capture of $75 million to $100 million. Within our forecast or within our guidance we have about $0.06 in the EPS guidance from those savings. It’s going to be very much second half of the year and I will tell you of the $0.06 the bulk of it may be in the fourth quarter. But our outlook towards that has not changed over the last four or five months.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Is there more to do I guess is kind of my question. The $75 million to $100 million, I assume that’s what’s been done and in the process right now.
Brad Cerepak: Let’s call it initiated and that savings probably comes from I’m going to do, it’s a bit of a stretch here, but it’s seven or eight what we call spend categories. So there are additional opportunities over the next three to four years and we look at this as a three to four year program. Let me just add one piece to that, and it’s not directly related to your question about more consolidation at the corporate level, but we do have in our guidance let’s say $8 million to $10 million of increment restructuring. So I would call these normal things we’re going to continue to do to take cost out of our businesses and continue to look for efficiencies. So we haven’t stopped there. It’s just not something as big as what we did given the economy in 2009.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: How would you characterize between the spread between low hanging fruit and structurally difficult stuff to get at? What do you think, how would you break that down? I’m just trying to get a sense of what’s easy and what’s hard. 
Robert Livingston: I’ll be real direct with you. I think we captured the low hanging fruit. On the restructuring and business combinations and integrations of existing companies within our portfolio, we’ve captured the low hanging fruit.
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: My last question is on the average size of deals. You’ve done a pretty darn good job I think in cash reinvestment and these $50 million kind of deals are interesting. Are there bigger deals out there kind of like the Tyler’s of the world that you envision for 2010?
Robert Livingston: There’s two parts to your question. Are there bigger deals out there?
Scott Davis – Morgan Stanley: Are there bigger deals that you’ll get done? The probability of getting done.
Robert Livingston: We would label a couple of them as being in the pipeline now but they’re more targets than they are responses to offer memorandums. You understand the difference. Will a larger deal get done in 2010? I could not sit here and predict that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital: A question around electronic assembly; the book to bill is strong. What are your thoughts there heading into early 2010 in terms of the sequential pattern. And then you mentioned a new wave of investment. What’s you visibility into the length of this upturn at this point?
Robert Livingston: We wish we had better visibility than we have is the way I would open. But the fourth quarter order rates with the electronic assembly companies were fairly healthy as we shared with you. They were up 26% sequentially. I can share with you that the pattern here in January has held consistent with the fourth quarter and I don’t mean consistent by it being up 26%, consistent at a run rate with the fourth quarter. We believe the order rates for the first quarter could be similar to the fourth quarter. We are not, we are not sitting here expecting 2010 order rates to be up 25% in 2010 over the fourth quarter run rate. We do as we said here in our script, we do see signs that we are in the early days of a new investment wave here in this market space but I temper that statement by saying I think it has as much to do with new product launches, maybe even more so than it does with increased consumer spending. That would be the tempering comment that I would offer is that I don’t think this is really being driven by a huge increase in consumer spending.
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital: When you think about, this can swing the way your year plays out because typically that would contribute to some of the seasonality in one cube but it sounds like the assembly business might be up sequentially. Are you assuming it kind of stays up or increases from there for the rest of the year or are you assuming it comes back in the second half or in ’11? What’s your thinking when you’re guiding, what are you assuming for that.
Brad Cerepak: We’re not guiding for ’11. 
Shannon O’Callaghan – Barclays Capital: For the second half of ’10 then.
Robert Livingston: What you also have to appreciate is, don’t look at TET. Don’t look at Electronic Technologies as being only electronic assembly or semi comm equipment. If you look at the end markets we serve, the semi comm equipment piece of our portfolio, we would expect year over year to be up better than 20% every year.  I’m not talking 2010 over the fourth quarter. I’m saying year over year to be better than 20%. For the board assembly and test, that growth rate is going to be more modest, 12% to 15%. And then you look at our component businesses which are the cell phone market, the hearing aid market. The cell phone market may be up 10% in our unit volume. For the hearing aid business, that’s a rather modest growth rate. It’s in the 3% to 5% to 6% range. If you look at the other parts of the component of businesses, it’s around military, telecom infrastructure, some industrial applications, 3% or 4%, 5%.  So when you blend it all as Brad said, low single digits, I would say the range for the segment bracketed around 10% to 12%.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: Just for everybody’s benefit, could you remind everybody roughly how much of Electronic Technology is accounted for by the non component, the semi comm and board businesses?
Robert Livingston: If you look at the three equipment companies versus the three component companies, it’s roughly a 50/50 split, probably 60% to 65% components and 35% equipment in 2009.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: A couple of things I’m not sure I got quite right. Did you specifically attribute the change in your organic growth guidance to this segment?
Robert Livingston: No. Are you referring to the change from our guidance at Dover day versus now?
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: Three to five up to four to six.
Robert Livingston: I would tell you it’s around two segments and we’re talking organic growth. It’s around Electronic Technologies. It’s also around Fluid Management.
Robert Livingston: We did see a stronger business activity in the fourth quarter, especially in our energy portfolio of companies and as we enter 2010 we see the fourth quarter activity sort of moving sideways for the next couple of quarters, albeit at a higher rate than we were seeing in the third quarter.  Some of the growth is at DFM, some of the growth is at ET.
Brad Cerepak: Coming off Dover day, think of that as about a point and a half worth of growth versus three to five that we said then. There’s also an incremental one point of FX. That was in our organic growth guidance.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: Did I hear specifically a comment about the size of your acquisition pipeline right now?
Robert Livingston: No.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: Well then can we get one and can you speak to what you are thinking notionally of an acquisition spend budget for the year?
Robert Livingston: That’s difficult to do. The only specific guidance I can give you with respect to the pipeline is we don’t anticipate closing on an acquisition in the first quarter. The targets that we’re looking at are clearly in the four or five spaces that we identified at Dover day as the areas that we would like to put to play most of our M&A dollars over the next two or three years. If you look at size of spending chest so to speak, pick something in the $400 million to $600 million range, and I’m not sitting here predicting that we’ll do that. 
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: That’s aspirational right?
Robert Livingston: Yes.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: Could I get you to talk a little bit about equipment versus consumable trends over the last couple of quarters, specifically the fourth and how that goes into next year for PID?
Robert Livingston: Third and fourth quarter, again this is specific to Product ID, third and fourth quarter we did see more of an increase in equipment sales than we did consumable sales. Consumable sales actually held up fairly well during the first half of ’09 and going into 2010 we view it to be rather normal from historical perspective and that’s going to be about 55% consumables and about 45% equipment.
Robert McCarthy – Robert Baird: Which is I gather another way of saying you think they’re going to grow at about the same pace?
Robert Livingston: We would look at the Product ID expectation of being around the 5% to 6% range.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you very much. That will conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for joining us and we will speak to you next quarter. Thank you very much.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Bob Livingston - President & Chief Executive Officer Brad Cerepak - Vice President of Finance & Chief Financial Officer Paul Goldberg - Treasurer & Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank John Inch - Merrill Lynch Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Steve Tusa - JP Morgan
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the third quarter 2009 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation; Brad Cerepak, Vice President, Finance and CFO of Dover Corporation; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation.  After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Wess. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s third quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover’s President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brad Cerepak, our CFO. Today’s call we will begin with some comments from Bob and Brad, on Dover’s third quarter operating and financial performance and our outlook for the rest of 2009. We will then open up the call to questions. In the interest of time, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through 11 pm, October 23, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-642-1687. When accessing the playback, you’ll need to supply the following reservation code 34770706. Before we get started, I’d like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. With that, I’d like to turn this call over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. Before getting into the details, I’d like to provide some general comments on our end markets, the current business climate, and our thoughts on what we expect for the balance of 2009. All-in-all, I was pleased with the way the third quarter unfolded. The stability in order rates first observed at the end of the second quarter carried on through the third quarter and some of our businesses, particularly those in Electronic Technologies and Engineered Systems, showed encouraging sequential growth. Even those end markets that have been challenged for the past few quarters, particularly those served by our material handling and energy platforms, saw some signs of life. As we enter the fourth quarter, order levels remain steady, the pricing environment is stable, and the acquisition pipeline is more active. We are well positioned to finish the fourth quarter as we expected and discussed on our last call. With that, let me move to our third quarter results. Today, we reported third quarter earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.58, down 43% from the third quarter of last year, which was the highest in Dover history. Third quarter revenue was $1.5 billion, down 24% from last year, but up 8% sequentially. Net earnings from continuing operations were $107 million, down 44% from the prior year, but up 7% on a sequential basis. Dover’s 24% quarterly revenue decline was the result of 24% decline in core revenue, coupled with a 2% negative impact of FX and a 2% gain from net acquisitions. Our sequential revenue increase of 8% was broad based as 23 of our 34 companies reported improved sequential revenue for the quarter. Bookings for the quarter were $1.4 billion, down 25% over the prior year, but up 4% sequentially. All segments, with the exception of Industrial Products, posted sequential improvements in order rates. 25 of our 34 businesses saw sequential bookings’ gains. Our overall book-to-bill was 0.95 for the quarter, consistent with normal seasonality, though book-to-bill was greater than one in both Fluid Management and Electronic Technologies. Although most of our end markets generally improved in the third quarter, they were still at or near historical low levels. Given that as the backdrop, I’m very pleased with our quarterly performance, specifically our operating margins and cash flow. Our business leaders have continued to deliver solid results in a tough environment. Operating margin for the quarter was 14.3%, down only a 160 basis points from the prior year, but up 300 basis points sequentially. This performance reflects significantly weaker volume compared to a year ago, largely offset by the benefits of our restructuring efforts and lower restructuring expenses this quarter. Operating margin improved sequentially in all segments. Electronic Technologies improved margins over 600 basis points. Industrial Products and Engineered Systems both improved over 250 basis points; and Fluid Management’s margins were up 80 basis points. In the third quarter, we generated free cash flow of $222 million, or 14.8% of revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, we generated $471 million of free cash flow, which represents 11% of our revenue. This percentage is in line with last year’s performance and illustrates our consistency with regard to cash generation. We remain confident that our full year free cash flow will be in excess of 10% of revenue. In the third quarter, we achieved a working capital to sales percentage of 20.3% and inventory turns of 6.2%. Although these results are slightly weaker than the prior year, we are pleased with the overall performance considering the condition of our underlying markets. We always try to balance our working capital needs with our commitment to service our customers and their expectation of shorter cycle times. With regard to restructuring, we remain on track with our forecasted plans and expect to incur roughly $73 million in restructuring costs for the full year. The benefit of these actions is reflected in our leaner operations and embedded in our margins. We also continue to invest in our global supply chain program in the third quarter, knowing full well that the bulk of the savings will not be seen until 2011 and beyond. This is an important initiative for us and the investments we make now will serve all Dover’s stakeholders well for years to come. Finally, capital allocation: We have been encouraged by recent developments in the M&A market. The valuation gap that existed between sellers and buyers has narrowed over the past few months, primarily due to the stabilization of the underlying economy. We closed on one small synergistic deal in the third quarter. We are currently working on several other add-on deals and are hopeful to complete some before year end. As I’ve commented before, the deals we’re looking at will complement our strong positions in markets we already serve. CapEx was $25 million and in line with our full year expectations. Lastly, we increased our dividend 4% in the third quarter, marking the 54 consecutive years we have increased our annual dividend. This is the fourth longest record on the New York Stock Exchange and a clear testament to the financial strength of our company. Now let me turn the call over to Brad for comments on our segment performance.
Brad Cerepak: Thank you, Bob. Good morning, everyone. I’d like to quickly cover our third quarter segment performance and then discuss some additional financial information. Before I begin the discussion, I would like to point to slide six of our presentation, which contains the sequential information that I will refer to throughout my comments today. Now turning to slide seven, Industrial Products revenue was $396 million, although down 37% from last year, it was up 3% sequentially. Segment earnings were $38 million, down 49% from the third quarter of 2008, but up 50% over the second quarter of 2009, as we began to see the benefits from our earlier restructuring initiatives. Bookings were $354 million, down 40% from last year and down only 5% sequentially, indicating general stability in end markets absent the effects of a lumpy military market in normal seasonality. Although operating margin was down 230 basis points from last year to 9.6%, they were up 300 basis points sequentially. The year-over-year performance in this segment continues to reflect weak conditions across the majority of end markets, especially the infrastructure, automotive and energy-related markets served by our Material Handling and automotive and energy related market served by our Materials Handling platform. The benefits of our right-sizing actions coupled with solid performance at Sergeant and Heil Environmental helped drive operating margins to nearly 10%. Sales in our Material Handling platform decreased 46% to $154 million, while earnings decreased 54%. This resulted in platform margins down about 200 basis points from 2008’s results. Sequentially, these results represent an 87% improvement in earnings on flat revenue, driven by our aggressive cost cutting activities. For the quarter, bookings were up 29% on a sequential basis and book-to-bill was 1.06. Although we do not anticipate a quick recovery in this platform, any modest up tick in volume should leverage well, given our lower cost structure. With respect to our Mobile Equipment platform, sales and earnings declined to 29% and 28%, respectively. Margins were strong, up 40 basis points over the prior year and 200 basis points sequentially. Margin performance was solid across this platform, capitalizing on aggressive restructuring actions and business integrations. Heil Environmental, Sergeant and PDQ were the relative revenue out performers. Bookings were $192 million in the quarter, down 35% from the prior year and down 22% sequentially, largely driven by lower military orders. Turning to slide eight, at Engineering Systems, sales were $521 million, only down 1% from last year and up 11% sequentially. Although segment earnings were down 5% over the prior year period to $78 million, they were up 36% over the second quarter of 2009. Bookings for the quarter were $471 million, down 4% from the prior year and up 1% sequentially. This strong sequential performance was primarily driven by SWEP, Product ID and the Tyler acquisition. For the quarter, operating margin was 15%, a 60 basis point decline over the prior period, but 270 basis points improvement over the previous quarter. The margin performance benefited from higher volume and strong leverage at SWEP and Product ID. Further, we saw favorable trends in bookings at all businesses with the exception of Hill PHOENIX, which had lower bookings due to traditional seasonality. Our Product Identification platform continued to benefit from the improved demand trends first seen during the second quarter of this year. For the quarter, sales were $212 million, down 10%, reflecting a 6% core revenue decline and a 4% FX impact. On a sequential basis, revenue improved 10%, which is consistent with the improvement we saw in the second quarter over the first quarter. This data leads us to believe end markets have indeed improved and the channel issues we encountered in the beginning of the year have largely abated. Year-over-year earnings were down only 3% and year-over-year margins improved 160 basis points. Sequentially, margins improved 570 basis points. This outstanding performance reflected a modest recovery, leveraged over a leaner cost base and the continuing benefits of the Markem-Imaje integration. Also notable, a solid book-to-bill ratio of one leads us to believe this platform will deliver strong fourth quarter results. Our Engineered Products platform posted an increase of revenue of 7%, while earnings declined 1% year-over-year. Margin performance remained strong. A highlight in this platform continues to be the successful integration of Tyler Refrigeration by Hill PHOENIX, which provided revenue of $65 million during the quarter. Year-over-year, the strong Hill PHOENIX results helped to partially offset soft performance in the food packaging and HVAC end markets. Our companies that serve these markets, however, continue to see better business conditions, and all have sequential revenue growth with the exception of one. We expect this platform to exhibit a normal seasonal slowdown in the next two quarters, as retailers traditionally reduce store remodels during the holiday selling season and winter months. Moving to slide nine, at Fluid Management, the signs of stabilization first observed in the second quarter held through the third quarter. Revenue moderately improved on a sequential basis for a majority of the companies in this segment, as overall sequential revenue growth was 5%. For the quarter, sales decline 32% to $309 million and segment earnings were $61 million, a decline of 41%. Bookings were down 30% from the prior year, but up 11% sequentially, driven by a 19% sequential increase in the energy platform. Third quarter operating margins were 19.6% and although down 300 basis points over last year, they improved 80 basis points sequentially. For the nine months ended September 30, operating margin was 20.5%. We began the year with the goal to keep full year margin in this segment around 19% to 20%, and we fully expect to achieve that goal. Our energy platform, which is closely correlated to the North American rig count, saw 5% sequential revenue growth as rig counts gradually improved. That being said, year-over-year comparisons in energy are still difficult. Third quarter revenue and earnings declined 42% and 43% respectively, third quarter margin remained consistent with last year, due to effective price and cost management and restructuring. Quarterly bookings improved 19% sequentially and accelerated through the quarter. Though book-to-bill was 1.09 in this platform, we do not expect a sharp recovery in our energy platform over the next few quarters. The Fluid Solutions platform had revenue and earnings declines of 19% and 22%, respectively, yet produced margins that were only down a 100 basis points from the prior year. On a sequential basis, revenue was up 5% and bookings remained fairly consistent through the quarter. Overall, bookings were down 15% from the prior year, but up 4% sequentially, yielding a book-to-bill of 1.01. This platform has weathered the recession well and is now in good position to leverage the eventual market recovery when it occurs. Now turning to slide 10, Electronic Technologies finally began to see the positive effects of a seasonally improving electronics assembly market and the continuation of a solid performance of our electronics component businesses. They also benefited from restructuring activities taken earlier in the year, although revenue was down 24% from last year to $275 million, it was up 12% sequentially. Further, a first quarter loss of $12 million rebounded to third quarter segment earnings of $38 million, yielding an operating margin of 13.9%. The book-to-bill for the quarter was 1.03. Our electronic assembly equipment companies, namely ECT DEK and OK continue to benefit not only from improving factory utilization rates, but also from their conscious decision to expand their core markets and focus on recurring revenue. While the improvements we have seen in the traditional electronic assembly market may not be more than seasonal at this time, we are hopeful that this could be the beginning of a new investment cycle in the industry. However, we remain cautious. Our electronic component companies continue to post strong results achieved through technology leadership and relative stability in their key military, hearing aid and MEMS markets. Knowles, strong customer focus and market expansion strategies have resulted in organic sales growth. Bookings continue to be strong in this space. Having reviewed the segments, I’d like to briefly provide some additional financial data. Turning to slide 11, regarding geographic sales for the nine months ended September 30. Dover’s geographic distribution of revenue was slightly more concentrated in the United States than in the previous year. U.S. sales were 57% compared to 56% for the same period last year. With regard to sequential revenue growth from a geographic perspective, our 8% increase in sequential revenue was broad based across all geographies. Moving to slide 12, third quarter net interest expense was $26.3 million, up 1% from last year, reflecting low returns on invested balances, partially offset by lower commercial paper costs. Our net debt to total capitalization was 18.7%, a 620 basis point decrease from year end 2008, driven by strong cash flow and relatively lower CapEx and acquisition expense. Turning to taxes, our third quarter rate for continuing operations was 30.5%, an increase of 480 basis points over last year’s third quarter rate of 25.7%, year to date, our tax rate of 23.2% compares favorably to last year’s 28.1% rate. The primary driver of our low year-to-date tax rate is a discrete benefit recognized in the second quarter. We continue to expect the full year tax rate to be in the range of 25% to 26%, with the fourth quarter rate in the 31% range. Corporate expenses for the third quarter were $34.1 million, an increase of $3.3 million over last year. Year-to-date corporate expenses were $88.4 million, a 3% increase over last year. This increase primarily reflects accelerated investments in our strategic global supply chain program, costs associated with other scale and leverage activities and increased corporate development costs including deal related expenses. These investments are important and are creating the framework for generating growth, margin expansion and productivity improvements over the next few years. We now expect full year corporate expenses to be around $115 million. Turning to slide 13, in the third quarter restructuring charges were $9 million, generally split among Fluid Management, Industrial Products and Engineered Systems. We remain on track for full year restructuring costs to be about $73 million, unchanged from our earlier guidance. Further we still expect 2009 benefits of those actions to be $125 million for the full year with $30 million to $40 million incremental benefit projected for next year. With that, I’d like to turn this call back over to Bob.
Bob Livingston: Thanks Brad. In summary, the stabilization and end markets first observed in the second quarter held true in the third. Organic revenue modestly increased on a sequential basis, and the benefits of a restructuring began to flow through in a meaningful way. The results were improved gross and operating margins across the board and strong cash flow generation. Additionally, we saw continued solid performances from Knowles, Hill PHOENIX and Product ID, while our electronic assembly companies posted encouraging sequential pickups. Our order rates indicate that even with some fourth quarter seasonality, these trends should continue. From a longer term perspective, we continue to work on those projects and initiatives, which will provide Dover with a platform for sustained value creation. Namely, our M&A program, inclusive of our improved post merger integration process and our leverage initiatives, inclusive of our global supply chain initiative. Having already discussed both M&A and global procurement on earlier calls, I’d like to comment on two recent announcements that speak to our leverage initiatives. In September, we officially opened our new China regional headquarters and two new shared manufacturing facilities in Shanghai and Suzhou. The China regional headquarters will provide the necessary infrastructure for us to continue to grow in this region. Although we have been in China for almost 20 years, we have always approached the market company-by-company. We now have an infrastructure that connects all of our businesses in China for the first time. I am confident that our operating companies, with the support of our Shanghai office, will be better positioned to grow in this dynamic market through both increased market penetration and acquisitions. As mentioned, we opened two new shared manufacturing facilities in China and each supports multiple operating companies. We get best cost manufacturing while leveraging our scale, which intern will allow us to be more competitive in serving the local markets. Now, with respect to our fourth quarter outlook, while we remain optimistic of a more comprehensive market recovery, we still need to be grounded in reality. Markets have certainly stabilized, but they have not meaningfully improved. Consistent with our comments last quarter, we continue to expect full year revenue to be down 24% to 26% from last year. Based on this unchanged revenue forecast, we expect 2009 EPS to be around the midpoint of our previously provided range of $1.75 to $2.00. In closing, I’d like to take this opportunity to thank all of the Dover employees around the Globe for their hard work and support. We have made a lot of changes around Dover the past year and I believe we are now much better positioned to take advantage of the many opportunities that will certainly come our way. With that, I’ll turn it back to Paul for questions.
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. Before we turn the call over to questions, I just want to clarify my earlier comment. Our call will be available for playback until November 6. I think in the beginning of the call, I said October 23, but it is November 6. So now I would like to ask Wess to compile questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital.
Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Can you just give a little more feel on the 4Q guide? I mean you typically, from an earnings standpoint, wouldn’t have that kind of a sequential drop. Is there anything else driving your caution around sequential trends or seasonality this year versus other years?
Bob Livingston: This is Bob. I think you’ve touched on the two key points. We are expecting some normal seasonality in the fourth quarter. Actually if you extend our revenue guidance, I think you’d come to the math that we are looking for revenue to be down about $90 million?
Brad Cerepak: About $90 million, Shannon.
Bob Livingston: In the fourth quarter and Shannon, the lion’s share of that is within our Federation businesses, Hill PHOENIX and SWEP, and that is normal seasonality. We have seen an improvement during the third quarter from the low levels of the first half, but I would just tell you we remain a bit cautious.
Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital: I mean from a margin standpoint, really strong execution this quarter. Anything in those numbers you saw a nice bounce back in fluid, obviously a big move in Engineered Systems. Anything in there that you don’t see sustaining itself, that you’re taking back out? Are material costs going to come up and hit you a little more in 4Q or anything like that?
Bob Livingston: No, Shannon, I don’t think there’s anything in particular. Again, it gets back to really our volume. If I was to do the puts and takes with you, volume price and mix is about somewhere around $0.10 to $0.14, somewhere in that range, with price being pretty small, maybe a penny to a penny and a half. Our restructuring, most of our restructuring benefits started coming through in third quarter, and that’s why you’re seeing good margin expansion. There’s a little bit into the fourth, but not much and then we have some deal related expenses and other costs. So that’s basically the puts and takes for the fourth quarter.
Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital: What are you baking in for the semi business in 4Q sequentially?
Bob Livingston: I don’t have the hard numbers in front of me with the fourth quarter forecast for the electronic assembly, but we are expecting it to be down seasonally and it’s normal.
Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay, so nothing really out of the ordinary?
Bob Livingston: Nothing ordinary.
Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Just last one for me is the $65 million of Tyler revenues, what do you think that is in terms of a seasonally adjusted run rate? In terms of how we’re tracking on what the revenue base of that business could be inside Dover?
Bob Livingston: I think we commented on this in some detail in our July call, but on that call, we said that we expected to capture $150 million to $200 million per year of revenue from the Tyler acquisition. I will admit and glad to do so, that our results so far would tend to push us to the higher end of that range, but then I caution you. We’re still early days in this process. We need another 12 to 18 months for this to play out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: I know, Bob, you made some comments at the beginning of the call, but I jumped on a little bit late. You did a super deal with this Tyler. I mean can you talk to kind of your deal pipeline as it relates to other things that could fit in that type of mold? I don’t mean just in refrigeration, but across the portfolio?
Bob Livingston: Scott, I would like to sit here and tell you that we’ve got 12 deals in the pipeline that would reflect similar economics to the Tyler deal, but we don’t. I would say we have somewhere in the $150 million to $200 million plus range of deals that we’re pursuing with a great deal of interest and it’s possible.  Actually, I would say I’m hopeful that maybe we could close on a $100 million to $200 million worth of acquisitions in the fourth quarter, but it’s not done until it’s done. I will tell you that the acquisitions we are looking at, as I commented earlier in the call, are in the spaces where we have strong market positions today.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Just a little bit of a couple cleanup little items here. One, I know you guys don’t have much of a pension issue, since discount rates have fallen so far, any kind of legacy plans that have been closed down that could cause some issues for next year?
Paul Goldberg: No, we don’t have any pension issues at all. I mean we have a very small pension plan relative to the company and very well funded. So I would not even waste too much more time, talking about it.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Then the last question I have, with a book-to-bill in that 0.95 range, which seems pretty encouraging. How does that impact kind of how you think about further restructuring or repositioning into 2010? Are you pretty much done at this point, or is there still more low hanging fruit out there?
Brad Cerepak: I would say we are continuing to execute on the restructuring plans that we had put in place earlier in the year. We’ll continue to look at things as we go forward, but I don’t expect that you’ll see any broad based new large restructuring activities at this stage.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: I don’t mean to beat a dead horse, but I want to come back again to fourth quarter guidance. I mean not to be difficult or confrontational, but I would suggest that the kind of earnings per share decline that you all are forecasting is a bit unusual. It seems to me that a more normal pattern of seasonal weakness in the fourth quarter would probably only yield a couple pennies decline in earnings per share instead of the roughly 25% decline that is embedded in your guidance. So I’m interested in weighing how much of the third quarter was a surprise even to you in terms of performance versus how conservative you’re trying to be because of the issues that you see in the marketplace that might not be obvious to us?
Bob Livingston: Let me refer you back again to the guidance that we gave in July with respect to revenue. We viewed the portfolio at that time as capable of delivering a 5% sequential growth in the second half over the first half. Out of that 5% sequential growth, we were identifying 3% organic and 2% from acquisitions, primarily the Tyler deal. That number is still pretty good. It’s going to be 5% for the second half. We were up 8%, sequentially in the third quarter. We are going to be down in the fourth quarter, again do the seasonality not due to problems, but due to seasonality. The revenue guidance that we gave in July, I’m telling you, is very largely unchanged. Now, with respect to EPS, I’m going to punt that one to Brad.
Brad Cerepak: I already have gone through the puts and takes, but if you take those numbers, and as Bob said, we’re going up 8% sequentially then down 6%, but over the first half, the fourth quarter on a run rate basis is 2% up. So, if you do the math, you’ll find we’re down $90 million, to the midpoint, down $90 million in revenue, all in the refrigeration businesses. At a decremental margin of the high to mid-30s, you’d find that you have this volume mix impact to our EPS guidance.
Bob Livingston: Rob, I’ll add a color comment to that. We are being a bit cautious just because of the uncertainty, and I do think it’s possible we may do a little bit better.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: There’s been a fairly common trend across the industrial sector of delivering third quarter revenue, generally inline with what most management teams appear to expect, but with stronger profitability than they’ve been promising shareholders. It would appear that the spread between past price increases and the flow through of lower materials costs has been a major contributor at a lot of those companies. Did you similarly get a little extra help this quarter from the timing lag on these things coming through the P&L?
Brad Cerepak: Yes, we did, although it’s smaller than it was in the first half of the year, and so it did compress a bit, but if I comeback to that question and say let’s direct it to the question of price and what’s happening in price. Last call we said, price would be about 1.5% of revenue. We see it now as being less than 1% on revenue for the full year and its stable going from the third quarter into the fourth, it stabilized for us. So to answer your question, yes we do have a little bit of favorability in the third and still into the fourth, and price is not as significant as we thought earlier in the year.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird: I mean that’s volume adjusted, so can you give us some idea where you’ve seen weaker pricing than expected? 
Brad Cerepak: It’s been very specific with certain OpCos. Even though, we have done a great job holding margins in our energy platform. We’ve probably seen as much pricing pressure in the energy platform as more so than we have any other part of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Just wanted to dig into the commentary on, you’re looking for your semi cap businesses to be down sequentially and I do understand there’s some seasonality there usually. If I look at the September bookings data from semi, it does suggest that there could be some sequential growth in that market. Can you just maybe comment on that, please?
Bob Livingston: Nigel, we’ve seen the same data, but we’ve also lived through the fourth quarter trends for several years now. We had our booking activity in the third quarter, I will tell you, it was better than we expected entering the third quarter. We don’t see a significant change in order rates in October. November and December tend to be a bit of a wildcard with order rates in this space. It really does depend upon short term investment decisions that some of the factories in China are making. We are predicting a fourth quarter seasonality downward adjustment in the electronic assembly.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Then I noticed that yesterday, Wal-Mart raised their CapEx for next year. It looks like they’re going to start raising some of their remodeling as well. So just wondering, are you hearing similar commentary from some of your retail customers beyond Wal-Mart?
Bob Livingston: I would say that the guys at Engineered Systems and specifically at Hill PHOENIX stay very, very close to that. The commentary does change, but I think right now our belief, and maybe I should say our strong hope and approaching belief, is that the CapEx in this space will be a little bit better next year than it was this year.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Then, just turning to some of the weakness in the Industrial Products bookings, you talked about the military orders are down. I understand that they can be lumpy, but I just want to confirm that they tend to be longer cycle, so not necessarily indicative of four key sales trends?
Bob Livingston: Again, I’m going to refer back to some comments that we made on the July call. I mean we told you then that we did think that Industrial Products would remain challenged for the next few quarters, but it is interesting.  When you take out the military orders from both the second quarter and the third quarter, and second quarter was strong for military and third quarter was a bit weaker, but if you take out the lumpiness in the military orders for both the second quarter and the third quarter. For the segment, orders were actually up 15% sequentially and we saw that as a very, very encouraging sign, but we also see that the core end markets, specifically infrastructure, construction, where we play in the energy space, those end markets still remain rather weak. We are cautious.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Then given that they’re up sequentially, does that make you feel any different perhaps about 2010, especially if we get some stimulus money coming through eventually in the U.S. that maybe we could see some upside in military in the Material Handling next year?
Bob Livingston: I’ll tell you, sitting here today, and we’ve had lots of discussions over the last few months with the business leaders. We are not predicting a significant or even a material or measurable impact on our business next year from the stimulus spending.
Brad Cerepak: We’d like to see a few more in Industrial Products.
Bob Livingston: Industrial Products and we’d like to see a few more data points.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Then just a final question for me, it looks like the orders within Energy are tracking quite nicely with the natural gas prices as you might expect. Just wondering, given that Nat gas prices have gone up in the early part of October; has that trend continued?
Bob Livingston: It’s easier to track our business with the rig counts than it is a direct correlation with either oil or gas pricing. The pricing is hard to forecast. The rig counts during the third quarter from the end of June to the end of September I think, here in North America, were up about 12% and that’s reflected in our order book during the third quarter. We are still at the position that this energy platform is going to move sideways for the next two or three quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch - Merrill Lynch.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: So I also got on the call a little bit late, apologies. So I can sort of see some people chirping on the book-to-bill sort of sequentially declining a little bit. It looks like that obviously is Mobile Equipment and Engineered products, then I apologize, you probably went over this. So you’re saying that in Mobile Equipment, it’s military. Was there anything else? What was the issue with respect to Engineered Products, and just how should we be thinking about this overall?
Bob Livingston: Well, if you were to roll out the lumpiness in the military business and Industrial Products, I think that answers your question.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: So it’s up 15 basically on a bookings basis, right? Okay.
Bob Livingston: Yes. Engineered Products are within the Engineered Systems segment. It’s all related to seasonality that we see both at Hill PHOENIX and SWEP and it’s pretty normal.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Right, but doesn’t the book-to-bill ratio sort of adjust for that? The question almost comes down to, did you have more revenues, is there a little bit of lumpiness? Is there a deferral waiting for the next couple quarters? I think even at your Analyst Meeting, you mentioned Wal-Mart’s fiscal is January, right? So the incremental need not come until you pass that point, just based on the way that company specifically places its orders? Just any kind of color would be kind of helpful other than just seasonality.
Bob Livingston: I’m not sure I can give you much more color on that one than I already have, John. I don’t want to comment on a specific customer, number one. The order rates in the third quarter at Hill PHOENIX and at Hill PHOENIX and Tyler combined, were off a little bit from the second quarter, but that’s rather typical. Now, in any given year, you may see the order rates start to soften in September and the next year it may be August and in the third year it could be October. We’re just saying, what we’re seeing right now is rather normal.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: So you did not see the book-to-bill in Engineered Products to be a red flag? That’s what you’re saying.
Bob Livingston: It’s not a concern and it’s not a red flag.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: I want to ask you about tech then. So if you X out Knowles and I guess focused on more cyclical businesses like Everett Charles, Bob, could you talk a little bit about your restructuring efforts this year to align costs? Presuming that these trends that everybody is obviously seeing within the tech world globally continue, what kind of operating leverage should that translate to? Well I guess one is the question of the timing of when that ultimately hits those businesses from the demand perspective. Two, what kind of operating leverage, given the focus of restructuring that’s been there, would you prospectively expect to realize?
Bob Livingston: It sounds like you’re asking me to comment on 2010, John.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Just call it, if you want to pick a normal cycle, never mind whether it’s 2010 or not, but just normally, as you’ve restructured the business, how much emphasis there? Then as you are seeing trends, what and when should that ultimately translate into improvement there?
Bob Livingston: If we indeed are, and I think we are all being a bit cautious here. We’d like to see some few more data points, but if we indeed, are on the early days of another up investment cycle in electronics assembly. I think the focus the guys have had in the first half of this year to not just take some costs out, but sort of restructure the model. We would look at upside leverage within electronic assembly, being in the 40% to 45% range and that’s a few points higher than we would have had two years ago.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: That’s because of restructuring?
Bob Livingston: That’s because of restructuring and the changing of our cost model. We’ve moved much more of our manufacturing footprint this year to China.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Last question, I know there’s a lot of moving parts at Dover, but if you were to look at your businesses and maybe pick off the ones that are a little bit more coincident with respect to economic activity, what kind of trends are you seeing there? Are you seeing some of the other sort of housing related and shorter cycle economic trends that some of the other industrial companies are realizing in terms of progressive improvement?
Bob Livingston: The businesses within our portfolio that would have any benefit at all from improvements in the housing industry would be those related to our construction and infrastructure businesses within Industrial Products and it’s not the construction piece of it itself, it’s the group trip, it’s the equipment work. We’re not feeling any benefit as of yet from any up tick in housing.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: I mean you’ve obviously seen what’s going on with respect to the ISM and other manufacturing activity. Are there any other areas that you maybe seeing improvement?
Bob Livingston: No, I think it’s been reflected in the sequential order rate improvements in the third quarter. I think the activity within Engineered Systems and within Fluid Management was quite promising, and I would connect that as your correlation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: I’d like to ask you about 2010 in this way. What worries you the most about the outlook for the economy and for capital goods spending in general going forward through the next year?
Bob Livingston: I think as I’ve sort of tried to weave into my earlier comments, we feel very positive and encouraged with the sequential order growth we saw in the third quarter and Alex, we are seeing those order rates continue at least into the early part of the fourth quarter, but with respect to 2010, what type of recovery is it going to be, and is it going to be broad based. I would tell you that we’re reading the same data and looking at the same reports as you are and we are not sure yet. You look inside Dover, and the two areas that I still feel are challenged with respect to sequential revenue growth over the next two to three quarters, I’ve already commented on, and we’ll be watching our energy business quite closely, but as of right now we still look at that going sideways for the next few quarters and for the most part, the commercial activity within Industrial Products, we see going sideways for the next couple of quarters. We are still in our planning process for 2010, and beyond those comments, I’m probably not going to share much on 2010 at this time.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Does this make you cautious about your own rate of capital spending going forward? I mean how do you feel about…?
Bob Livingston: Are you referring to acquisitions or to CapEx?
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: CapEx.
Bob Livingston: Actually, I don’t have the breakdown here in front of me, Alex, but I would sort of anecdotally, I would say that the CapEx spending that we’ve done in 2009 has been very targeted and very specific, and as an example, Knowles, we have funded some capital projects at Knowles. We will continue to fund capital project at Knowles to support capacity expansion and I am not concerned about the CapEx spending that we have committed this year.
Alex Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Finally, the China business, do you see that as serving mainly the domestic market in China, or lowering costs of manufactured products that you are exporting from China or both? Where is the emphasis for you?
Bob Livingston: I would say both. However, if you look at the business activity we have in China today and last year and the year before, Alex, about 80% of our revenue in China has been to support export activity, not just our export activity, but our customers export activity. As we move forward, we all do understand the opportunity and we’re committed to this to expand what we do in China to support the local consumption, but for the last three years, about 80% of our revenue has been to support export activity.
Operator: Your final question comes from Steve Tusa - JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Just have a question on the organic growth comp, so you’re maintaining your organic growth guidance. You’re down I think mid 20s so far, year-to-date. So you’re thinking about kind of a consistent fourth quarter organic growth rate versus the third quarter, yet. Your comp here, it was up three in 3Q ‘08 and down six in 4Q ‘08. Should we really just be looking at it sequentially or is there lumpiness in some of the businesses that shouldn’t make much sense when it looks at the year-over-year comp? I’m just curious if you could flesh that out a bit.
Bob Livingston: I’ll give you a top line sort of high level response and Brad may want to add a detail or two here.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Maybe business mix, I don’t know.
Bob Livingston: Yes. If you look at the third quarter, let’s talk about revenue. If you look at the third quarter revenue for Dover, we actually see the third quarter, activity with the exception of two businesses. We see the third quarter revenue activity remaining flat into the fourth quarter. No falloff, but we’re also not predicting any sequential increase in those businesses. The change in the fourth quarter, the change in the fourth quarter and what we’re sharing with you on top line revenue is 90% around Hill PHOENIX and SWEP, and it’s all due to seasonality.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Wouldn’t have that been reflected in the fourth quarter of last year too?
Bob Livingston: As I commented earlier, it doesn’t always start to change on the same month. One year it may be August, the next year it may be September, the next year it may be October, but you also have to appreciate that the seasonality impact for Hill PHOENIX relative to Dover is a little bit larger now because of the Tyler acquisition.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: When you look at pricing for the company, I’m not sure if you disclosed this somewhere, but what was total price for the company?
Bob Livingston: What do you mean by that?
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Price year-over-year; price for the company, year-over-year third quarter?
Bob Livingston: Third quarter, the price impact was, if I think figure about $0.02 year-over-year.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: So we can back into what that was on a revenue basis?
Bob Livingston: Yes.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: That’s just price; that’s not raw materials costs, right?
Bob Livingston: That’s both.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: So that’s the price cost spread is two pennies?
Brad Cerepak: Price and price cost, but the price decrease year-over-year is $0.02.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Price decline, year-over-year?
Brad Cerepak: Yes.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: How much was that?
Brad Cerepak: $0.02.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Raw materials were flat? Do you saying there’s $0.02 of spread?
Bob Livingston: No, let’s break the two questions. Price impact; forgetting the price cost spread; just price impact we’re saying had an impact third quarter of about $0.02. Price cost spread was still slightly positive in the third quarter.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: So it’s somewhat similar and then was energy above or below that spread? How much price did you get in energy?
Bob Livingston: I don’t have that detail, Steve.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Does margins held up well and given that you think it’s going to be stable over the next few quarters, you think that those margins are sustainable in the high teens?
Bob Livingston: Very high teens; in fact, I commented during the script that for Fluid Management, third quarter margins expanded 80 basis points sequentially and Steve, I’ll tell you that the improvement at Fluid Management on margins was all from Energy.
Paul Goldberg: All right; thanks a lot for joining us on this conference call. I’d like to remind our listeners of the upcoming Investor Day in New York on November 16. If you can RSVP if you haven’t done so, we would appreciate it. Also, you can feel free to contact me if you need additional information about the event. With that, we’d like to thank you for your continued interest in Dover and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today’s third quarter 2009 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Livingston - President & Chief Executive Officer Robert Kuhbach - Vice President of Finance & Chief Financial Officer Brad Cerepak- Vice President of Finance Paul Goldberg - Treasurer & Director of Investor Relations 
Analysts: John Inch - Merill Lynch Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank  Steve Tusa - JP Morgan Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the second quarter 2009 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation; Rob Kuhbach, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dover Corporation; Brad Cerepak, Vice President of Finance of Dover Corporation; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation. After the speakers opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul Goldberg: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning and welcome to Dover’s second quarter earnings call.  With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover’s President and Chief Executive Officer; Rob Kuhbach, our CFO; and Brad Cerepak our Vice President of Finance.  Today’s call will begin with some comments from Bob and Rob on Dover’s second quarter operating and financial performance and outlook. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through 11:00 pm July 24 and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-642-1687. When accessing the playback you’ll need to supply the following reservation code: 18160188.  Before we get started I’d like to remind everyone today that our comments which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K, for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement.  We also undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct you to our website, where considerably more information can be found. With that, I’d like to turn this call over to Bob. 
Robert Livingston: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for this morning’s conference call. I am pleased to be here and report on our business trends and our second quarter results. Before I get into the numbers, I want to give you a sense of the economic environment and our expectations going forward.  Though second quarter trends unfolded much the way we thought they would, our anticipated seasonal pick-up was less than expected. We did however see order rates stabilize across the majority of our platforms and even accelerate through the quarter in product ID, refrigeration, energy and electronic assembly.  While we are comfortable that our markets generally speaking will not get worse in the back half of the year, we do not believe they will meaningfully improve either. We are working on the assumption that third quarter volume and revenue will modestly improve from the second quarter, and then seasonally adjust in the fourth quarter. Today, Dover reported second quarter earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.54, down 45% from last year. Second quarter revenue was $1.4 billion, down 31% from last year, and net earnings from continuing operations were $101 million, down 46%.  Dover’s 31% quarterly revenue decline was the result of a 29% decline in core revenue, coupled with a 3% negative impact of FX and a 1% gain from net acquisitions. Consistent with the first quarter, revenue declines in Europe, Asia, and the rest of the world were generally more severe than in North America, which was down 25%. Bookings for the quarter were $1.4 billion, down 32% over the prior year, but showed a positive sequential trend at all segments and platforms, except energy. Our book-to-bill ratio was 0.99 for the quarter, fairly consistent across all segments and a meaningful improvement from the first quarter rate of 0.91.  It is interesting to know that our sequential bookings improvement was very board based, with 26 of our 36 operating companies reporting improved bookings, and these 26 companies represent roughly 75% of the revenue. Second quarter backlog was $1.1 billion, down 31% from last year, but up 5% sequentially.  With regard to pricing we are seeing increased price pressures, both competitively and due to lower commodity cost. I am very pleased with how our companies have proactively managed the cost versus price spread, resulting in a positive margin contribution year-to-date.  In the second half of the year we anticipate that pricing pressures will continue, if not intensify; however our cost management efforts should largely offset any price reductions. Given the very difficult market conditions, our operating performance reflects very solid execution by our business leaders.  Operating margin for the quarter was 11.3% and though down 450 basis points over the prior year, we were up 110 basis points sequentially. This performance reflected significant weaker volume versus a year ago, partially offset by the benefits of our restructuring efforts. Electronic technologies, operating margins sequentially improved from a negative 5.7% in the first quarter to 7.3% in the second quarter; and Engineered Systems improved margins 150 basis points sequentially. Another note; in the first half, nine of our 36 companies posted year-over-year margin improvement, eight achieved this while managing revenue declines.  From a working capital perspective, we continue to manage inventory levels and accounts receivable aggressively in the phase of weak market conditions. As a result we achieved a working capital to sales percentage of 19.9% and an inventory turn of 6.4%. Although, these results are weaker than the prior year, we are pleased with this performance considering revenue was down over 30%. We continue to pay close attention to working capital and expect improvement in our metrics over the next few quarters.  Cash flow generation has historically been a source of strength for Dover and the second quarter results bared us out. We generated free cash flow of $165 million in the second quarter which was 12% of revenue. This percentage represented a 250 basis point improvement over the last year. We converted 164% of net operating earnings into free cash flow, a significant improvement over the last year’s rate of 101%. For the six months ended June 30, our free cash flow was $249 million or 9% of revenue. We will continue to focus on activities that drive cash flow and are confident that our full year free cash flow will be in excess of 10% of revenue. Our companies continue to work on what they could control, particularly cost management, product innovation and leverage activity.  We incurred $19 million of restructuring cost in the second quarter, which was $7 million less than forecasted. We still expect full year restructuring cost to be roughly $73 million, with $10 million expected in the third quarter.  We also spent roughly $5 million on our global supply chain program in the second quarter, $8 million year-to-date, and we expect the second half investment in this program to be roughly $14 million. We have made a strategic decision to accelerate the pace of the program and remain highly confident that this investment will bare significant benefits in the upcoming years. Finally, we have the financial capacity and flexibility to pursue value adding acquisitions, even in a down market. We closed on one such opportunity in May. While we are proactively pursuing other opportunities and continually evaluating a steady stream of acquisition candidates, we still see a disconnect with regard to servers timing and value expectations. Thus, we expect a modest year in acquisitions, but are prepared to move quickly through, should attractive opportunities materialize. CapEx was $27 million and inline with our full year expectations. We expect no changes to our long standing dividend policy and we had no share repurchase activity in the quarter. Our strong balance sheet is a tremendous asset in these challenging times, and will serve as a competitive advantage going forward. Now, let me turn the call over to Rob for comments on our segment performance.
Robert Kuhbach: Thanks Bob. Good morning everyone. I’d like to cover our second quarter segment performance and then discuss some additional financial information. At Industrial Products sales were $383 million, down 41% from last year, with earnings of $25 million, down 71% from the second quarter of 2008. Bookings were $372 million, down 41% from last year, but up sequentially 13%, indicating some stability in their end markets.  Operating margin was 6.6%, down 690 basis points from last year and also down 130 basis points sequentially. This performance was largely driven by extremely weak conditions across the majority of end markets, particularly the infrastructure, automotive and energy related markets served by our material handling platform.  Sales in our material handling platform decreased 50% to $154 million, while earnings decreased 82%, resulting in platform margins down about 1100 basis points. Our aggressive cost cutting activities, including significant reductions in work force and facility consolidations, helped to partially offset continued weak conditions and essentially all end markets.  Although bookings increased sequentially, the second quarter book-to-bill was 0.82. We do expect revenue in this platform to remain challenged, but anticipate a sequential improvement in operating margins. Our low government economic stimulus should provide opportunities for this platform, and we are not currently anticipating any benefits in 2009. The mobile equipment platform recorded sales and earnings declines of 33% and 39% respectively, while margins were relatively strong down, only 160 basis points. In general, margin performance was solid across this platform, capitalizing on aggressive restructuring actions taken earlier. Heil Environmental and Sargent were the relative revenue out performers in this platform.  Quarterly bookings were $246 million down 23% from the prior year, but up 17% sequentially, yielding a positive book-to-bill of 1.07. Internal initiatives, combined with modest market improvement, should provide a climate which results in consistent second half mobile equipment revenue performance. Turning to the Engineered Systems, sales were $467 million, down 13% from last year, but up 17% sequentially. Segment earnings were $57 million, down 28% over the prior year period, but up 33% over the first quarter. Bookings for the quarter were $466 million, down 12% year-over-year, but up 13% sequentially. This strong sequential performance was driven by Hill PHOENIX and product ID.  For the quarter operating margin was 12.3%, a 260 basis points decline over the prior year period, but up 150 basis points sequentially. This margin decline was primarily the result of lower volume, restructuring costs and acquisition expenses. We did see favorable trends in booking, revenue, earnings and margin as the quarter unfolded. Our product identification platform saw improved demand trends during the second quarter. For the quarter, sales were $193 million, down 23%, reflecting a 17% core revenue decline and a 6% FX impact. On a sequential basis revenue improved 9%, suggesting relative end market stability.  While year-over-year earnings were down 35% and margins dropped 310 basis points, margins sequentially improved 220 basis points. This performance was consistent with generally weaker global demand, and a modest recovery from some of the channel destocking we experienced earlier in the year.  Also notable, the integration of Markem-Imaje was completed during the quarter. Further, the pipeline of new product opportunities and favorable book-to-bill ratio of 1.07 give us comfort that we should see improved business conditions in the second half. The engineered products platform posted decreases in both sales and earnings year-over-year of 5% and 10%, respectively.  Margin performance remained relatively strong and operating margin was down only 90 basis points. The highlight in this platform has been the acquisition and integration of select assets of Tyler Refrigeration by Hill PHOENIX. This added $33 million of revenue to the quarter and we continue to be excited by this strategic and economic potential of this acquisition.  Hill PHOENIX excluding Tyler, also showed strong performance in the quarter. In a North American refrigeration market that is estimated to be down 13% this year, Hill PHOENIX delivered revenue down only mid single digits.  The combined Hill PHOENIX Tyler results helped to partially offset weak performance in the food packaging and preparation and HDAC end markets. Here as well, platform bookings strengthened as the quarter progressed, suggesting improved demand in the third quarter. Innovative products that focused on sustainability and deep customer engagement supported by strong operational execution will help to provide a favorable climate for our engineered products as we move forward. Turning to Fluid Management, demand appears to have stabilized in the second quarter across the segment, albeit at significantly lower levels, particularly in our oil and gas businesses. For the quarter, sales declined 34% to $295 million and earnings were $56 million, a decline of 43%. Bookings were down 38% from the prior year, but flat sequentially.  Second quarter operating margins were 18.8%, down 310 basis points over last year, largely driven by a prior year one-time litigation settlement. For the six months ended June 30, operating margin was 20.9%, just 70 basis points lower on 26% less revenue. We expect to continue to deliver strong margin performance for the full year. Our energy platform, which is closely linked with North American rig count and oil and gas pricing experienced a significant revenue decline in the second quarter, due to reduced demand for sucker rods, drill bit inserts and gas compression products. Although second quarter revenue and earnings declines were 41% and 42% respectively, second quarter margins were consistent with last year due to effective price and cost management.  Quarterly bookings declined only 7% sequentially and strengthened throughout the quarter. Our order rates are consistent with a stabilizing North American rig count and fairly steady commodity prices. While we do not expect a sharp recovery in our energy platform, we are anticipating a more stable revenue environment in the back half of the year, in line with the second quarter. The fluid solutions platform posted revenue and earnings declines of 25%, yet produced margins that were up slightly from the prior year. Market conditions seemed to have stabilized through the quarter, primarily driven by moderating channel inventory issues.  Bookings were down 27% from the prior year, but up 6% sequentially, yielding a positive book-to-bill of 1.02. This platform continues to benefit from integration and leverage initiatives and is well positioned to maintain strong profitability in the anticipated stable demand environment. Finally, electronic technologies continue to feel the effects of the weak electronic assembly market, but improved sequentially off of a very tough first quarter. Revenue was $246 million, down 35% from last year, but up 15% sequentially. Further, a first quarter loss of $12 million rebounded to a second quarter profit of $18 million, yielding an operating margin of 7.3%. Aggressive first quarter restructuring coupled with a 15% sequential revenue growth resulted in vastly improved margins.  Our electronic assembly equipment companies, namely ECT, DEK and OK began to benefit from improving factor utilization rates and to focus on serving emerging applications such as MEMS and Solar. We expect to see seasonal improvements and factory utilization rates, which should board well for the electronic assembly companies in the third quarter. Our electronic component companies continue to post strong operating margins, buoyed by relative stability in their key military hearing aid and MEMS markets. Knowles executed at a very high level and continues to benefit from its small MEMS technology and market expansion strategies, resulting in year-over-year organic sales growth. Bookings showed improvement from April through June, indicating an increase in seasonal demand in these markets connected with consumer electronics.  In this segment, we continue to focus on product innovation, market expansion, and being the technology leader, which allows us to outperform our competitors in weak markets and generate signification earnings when markets are strong. While we don’t anticipate a strong electronic assembly market for some time, we still believe this segment will attain 10% operating margins during the second half of 2009. Having reviewed the segments, I’d like to briefly provide some additional financial data. Regarding geographic sales for the six months ended June 30, Dover experienced a higher percentage of sales in the United States than in the previous year. US sales were 59% of the total revenue, compared to 56% for the same period last year. The rate of revenue decline in North America was less severe than in Europe and Asia. Week electronic assembly markets and the revenue mix at product ID were the main drivers of this shift. Second quarter net interest expense was $24.8 million, down $2.5 million from last year, reflecting lower commercial paper outstanding and lower commercial paper cost. We continue to have excellent access to the commercial paper market and our outstanding commercial paper balance at quarter end was $100 million. Our net debt to total capitalization was 22.6%, a 230 basis point improvement from year end 2008. Turning to taxes, our second quarter rate for continuing operations was 1.1%, a significant reduction from last years second quarter rate of 29.3%. Year-to-date our tax rate of 17.4% compares favorably to last years 29.4% rate. The primary driver of our low second quarter tax rate was $28.4 million and discreet benefits recognized for domestic tax positions that were affectively settled during the quarter.  Although, the impact of these benefits was factored in to our original full year tax rate guidance, the exact timing of such benefits is often uncertain. While we expect the rate to revert to more normative levels as the year unfolds, lower first year earnings coupled with the relative domestic foreign mix leads us to believe that the full year tax rate will be in the range of 25% to 26%.   Our restructuring activities enabled us to maintain solid margins in this recessionary environment. We remain on track for full year restructuring costs to be about $73 million, unchanged from our earlier guidance. Further, we still expect the 2009 benefits of these actions to be $125 million with the benefits skewed to the back half of the year.  Corporate expenses for the second quarter were $29.6 million, an increase of $4.6 million over last year. Year-to-date corporate expense is $54.3 million, slightly lower than 2008, but up about 10% over our previous estimated run rate for the full year. This increase primarily reflects accelerated investments in our strategic global supply chain program. We now expect full year corporate expenses to be higher than originally anticipated in the range of $110 million to $115 million.  With that I’d like to turn this call back over to Bob. 
Robert Livingston: Thanks Rob. Just to recap, those second quarter trends unfolded much the way we thought they would. Our anticipated seasonal pick-up was less than expected. On the positive side, we expected good margin and cash flow performance which our business leaders delivered.  In the second quarter we saw order rate stabilize across the majority of our platforms and even accelerate through the quarter and product ID, refrigeration, energy and electronic assembly. We believe we will see these trends continue during the third quarter.  Now let me update you on a couple of activities that will drive long-term value; our MNA program and our Global Supply Chain program. As you are aware, we have put in place a more disciplined MNA process, including a formal post merger integration capability. A great example of this improved process is the strategic investment we made in early may to grow our position in the refrigeration system and case business.  The Tyler acquisition while only $34 million, will deliver significant value to Dover. Through this acquisition, Hill PHOENIX is now serving new customers, expanding its technology and complementing its sales and service talent. Tyler’s former customers and employees have embraced this acquisition and we are confident that customer retention rates will be higher than originally anticipated.  This acquisition is expected to have a payback of less than 24 months and demonstrates our post merger integration process and focus on speed of execution. I am confident that our new pro-active MNA process will enable us to create value more quickly than we have before.  Next, let’s talk about our strategic Global Supply program. We have been moving quickly to leverage the scale of Dover like developing a coordinated sourcing and procurement process. During the second quarter, we began to aggressively build an infrastructure to support this strategy. Thus far we’ve made good progress on internal training, tool and process development and have begun to qualify as supplier base in the categories of logistics, plastics, castings, motors and indirect supplies.  We hosted a conference in May that was attended by over 500 suppliers looking to do business with Dover. I was very impressed with the interest and motivation shown by the attendees supporting this important Dover initiative. Although this program will be a net investment in 2009, we remain committed to save between $75 million and $100 million in the 2010 and 2011 timeframe. This is a great program that will deliver significant results.  Now, looking forward to the balance of the year, we see an economic environment that may offer some slight improvement, but will generally be moving sideways. Accordingly, we do not foresee a meaningful recovery in revenue in the second half. At this time we expect full year revenue to be down roughly 24% to 26% from last year, including a 3% impact from FX.  Based on the revised revenue forecast, we now expect 2009 EPS to be in the range of $1.75 to $2. This guidance includes $0.02 accretion from the Tyler acquisition and assumes a 25% to 26% tax rate for the whole year. We will continue to control those things in our power, such as working capital management, cost containment, investing for the future, and product innovation. We stand very well prepared to leverage any improvement in our markets when they incur.   I’d like to comment on two executive retirements announced in the quarter; Dave Ropp, CEO of Industrial Products who retired earlier this month, and Rob Kuhbach, who will retire later this year. Dave was with Dover for about 12 years, and not only made significant business contributions, but was always very engaged in developing our next generation of business leaders. Tom Giacomini, who served as President of Warn and then ran the Material Handling Platform, has succeeded Dave as President of Industrial Products.  Rob Kuhbach has served as Dover’s Chief Financial Officer for nearly seven years and before that, was General Counsel for 10 years. His financial stewardship has allowed Dover to build upon its strong representation for financial integrity and transparency. We will all miss Rob’s business judgment, sharp wit and tireless work ethic. Hired last month as Rob’s successor was Brad Cerepak. Brad comes to Dover after most recently serving as Vice President and Controller for Train.  As always, I’d like to take this opportunity to thank all the Dover employees who have worked extremely hard to weather this economic storm. I’m sure for many it felt as if this storm would never subside. It now feels that the worst may be behind us, and we can focus on growth, designing building and supporting world-class products, and providing our customers with outstanding service and winning new business through innovation and flexibility. This downturn has shown me the true strength of Dover. I think the future is right for Dover.   With that, I’ll turn it back to Paul for questions. 
Paul Goldberg: Thanks Bob. At this point, I’d just like to remind everybody if you can limit your question to one with a follow up, that will better enable us to get everybody’s questions. So at this point Jackie, if you could please compile the questions? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Inch - Merill Lynch. 
John Inch - Merill Lynch: Could we get a little color on how the quarter progressed and I’m thinking, obviously you saw some improvement sequentially. Did things pick up toward the end and what have you seen thus far in July and maybe if you could provide a little color on kind of a segment basis, that would be helpful? 
Robert Kuhbach: Well, instead of commenting by month through the quarter, I would split the quarter into first half versus second half. We clearly saw a strengthening and order rates building through the second half of the quarter versus April and the first half of May, and John, we’re very interested in this. So we have been monitoring activity so far in July and the July order rates seem to support the activity we were seeing in the second half of the quarter.  
John Inch - Merill Lynch: Meaning, the improvement or pick up through the quarter held in July. Is that’s what you normally see in the third quarter or is the third quarter technically weaker first half, stronger second half?  
Robert Livingston: It can be mixed. We would normally expect the second half of the quarter to feel some impact from what we would prefer to a European holidays. Though we can imply to a couple of years here in the last three to four, well, that has not happened. It’s been rather solid during the quarter. So we watching it very closely, John.  
John Inch - Merill Lynch: Bob did that trend hold or was it kind of consistent graphically, because some companies are calling out actually deceleration in Europe, I’m just curious what you guys say there… 
Robert Livingston: No, I would say that it held geographically, and the trend that I commented on fist half versus second half through the quarter, was rather consistent across all four segments. 
John Inch - Merill Lynch: Okay and then just lastly, the $33 million you booked from Tyler, did that provide any kind of a clue as to what the kind of annualized or normalized run rate for revenues for Tyler could be.  If I’m not mistaken, I know when you had talked about it originally, you were fairly conservative in sort of what you thought you might be able to get and not every customer moves over, but I don’t know, the $33 million, does that provide a clue or are you able to retain more customers than you though. What sort of an annualized number do you think this could hold a clue toward?  
Robert Livingston: Well I hope it provides more than a clue. Second quarter revenue was $33 million; that was from May 8, which is when we closed through the end of the quarter. Our second half forecast on the Tyler revenue is about $90 million. Sitting here today, we believe the run rate for the Tyler acquisition can be somewhere between $150 and $200 million annually.  
Paul Goldberg: John, it’s Paul. I would just add, there’s been some confusion in the marketplace. When we have fired the company, the 2008 revenue run rate was about $300 million. Some people had $400 million, some people had $300, the right number is around $300 million. 
John Inch - Merill Lynch: Okay so around $300, so what happens to the 100? Let’s say you do 200 because you are being conservative or a little bit better. Where do the other 100 go from where it was? Does that just get absorbed by other customers or what happens there? 
Robert Livingston: Well we’re telling you that our expectations are $150 million to $200 million. We are at this time seeing much higher customer retention rates that we had in our original acquisition plan.  We’ll see how that falls out over the next several months as many of the customers do go through the process of their annual contract towards, but to your specific question, what happens to the other 100? We intend to capture our fair share of that extra 100, but it is going to be absorbed by other competitors in the market. 
Robert Kuhbach: Keep in mind John that the market to some degree is not as strong this year, so you’re basically talking about last year’s 300 versus this year’s number which would be otherwise lower.  
John Inch - Merill Lynch: Okay, that makes sense. So in theory if you captured everybody, you could actually get to a run rate that’s higher, that’s all? 
Robert Kuhbach: Correct, yes.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Nigel Coe- Deutsche Bank.  
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: I just want to pick up on John’s questions on the Tyler deal; $33 million you picked up May 8, what sort of attachment rate do you think that represents? 
Robert Livingston: What do you mean by attachment rate?  
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Well, how many customers do you think; you’ve seen some of them between 50% and 65% retention; well, what do you think your retention was in May, June? 
Robert Livingston: Again, I want to profess my comment by saying this is very early days, but the revenue in the second quarter was $33 million; for all intense and purposes, that revenue was in the acquired backlog on May 8.  Now when you look at the order rates from May 8 through the closing, we believe we captured a very, very high percentage of the customer requirements that were booked between May 8 and June 30; perhaps well north of 80%. 
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that’s helpful. You mentioned, a payback of less than two years. I guess the emphasis is on less than, but if I see in two years?
Robert Livingston: More kind of like 18 to be honest to with you.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: But that still implies the contribution margin. If I take $2 million which is your projection, that implies a contribution margin of somewhere between 12% and 15%. Seems somewhat low, but is that the kind of range that you think about? 
Robert Livingston: That’s our starting point.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Then you told you obtained the $125 million of cost savings from the headcount actions. At this stage, what is your projection for 2010 roll through for those actions?
Robert Livingston:  Well first of all, it was more than just headcount actions Nigel. We look at the $73 million of restructuring cost in 2009 and all the activities underneath that charge. I think the number rate now that we are looking at for carry through into 2010 on an incremental over 2009 is about $40 million.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Then just finally, similar to that on the global sourcing, I think you previously said $75 million to $100 million of savings in 2010. You obviously had more time to go through the bandwidth now, is that still a good range?
Robert Livingston: Let me clarify that. We are in the early days of a multi year program. As I commented earlier, this is going to be a significant net investment for us this year. It will continue to be a significant net investment for us in the first half of next year, and we will receive some benefits in the fourth quarter this year.  They are going to be modest, we’ll receive more benefits in the first half of next year growing, but in the second half of next year we look at the program to be a net add to the bottom line, and that our run rate in the second half of next year; I’m looking at $75 million run rate in the second half of next year, annualized.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Tusa - JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: The fluid margins, how should we expect those to trend over the next couple of quarters? 
Robert Livingston: We will continue to see some modest pressure on margins during the second half. Steve I’m not sure if I responded to you in January or one of the other callers with respect to DFM margins for the year. I think my response was 19% to 20% margins was our expectation for 2009,that still looks very good.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: So to get to19% to 20%, you’re looking at a sequential uptick?
Robert Livingston: I think if you do the math, it would come into about an 18% margin for the second half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder.
Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder:  Just a clarification on what you said earlier, that you expect a modest seasonal uptake in the third quarter and then seasonal adjustment in the fourth quarter, but are we talking EPS here, because it looked to me like from what you said you had a $0.15 a share tax benefit in the second quarter, is that correct?
Robert Livingston: A little high, it’s probably
Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder: Didn’t you say 28.2.
Paul Goldberg: Average 13.
Paul Goldberg: Generally right.
Robert Livingston: It’s around $0.13
Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder:  So then you really did only $.40, $0.41 on a normalized basis.
Robert Livingston: Correct.
Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder: So that was below the forecast of the analyst. So then when we are talking a modest uptick in the third quarter, are we talking from $0.54 that you reported or the $0.41 adjusted for the tax benefit?
Robert Livingston: Well first of this, the seasonal comment, let me speak for the second half and then I’ll break it into the quarters. If you pick the mid point of our revenue range for the year, down 25%, at that mid point, we look at second half revenue be up about 5% over the first half. Now over that 5%, 3% organic and 2% is coming from the Tyler acquisition.  Alex, I’m really pleased with how our companies and our business leaders have responded in the first half of this year to protect the margins. We will see more of that activity in the second half. We actually do believe our operating margins will be up 150 to 200 basis points in the second half of the year over the first half.
Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, but in terms of the earnings per share, when you say an uptick, are you talking from the $0.54 in the second quarter to the third quarter or from the $0.41?
Paul Goldberg: We were talking revenue there Alex.
Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder: Revenue only?
Paul Goldberg: Yes, we don’t give EPS quarterly guidance.
Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder: Okay, earnings per share could easily be below this tax benefited quarter, correct?
Paul Goldberg: We gave you the full-year of EPS range and we gave you what our revenue expectations are.
Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder: Second question is, you’ve had improvement in the second half of the quarter in orders and activity, which you said continued into July. Do you have any sense of how much of that might have resulted from the end of destocking; in other words, earlier in the year people were reducing inventories quite a bit and quiet a bit more than they have in any other cycle that I can remember and faster. So they could have reduced their orders to you below the level of end-of-market demands.  So that is if they stop reducing inventory, they will have to increase their orders to you just to meet their end-to-market demand, even if it was still falling; it could be still falling, but they would have to raise their orders because they had reduced inventory so quickly. Do you have any sense of how much of that’s going on?
Robert Livingston: I don’t have hard data on that Alex. It would be more anecdotal in opinion.
Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder: Yes.
Robert Livingston: Late in ‘08 and towards the first couple of months in the first quarter was absolutely brutal under the stocking activity. We did see it moderate in March. We continue to see it moderate in the first half of the second quarter, the destocking activity and we did see some of what you’re referring to, I’ll call it retrenchment of the channel in the second half of the second quarter. I would also tell you that not all of our distribution channels have started restocking yet.
Alex Blanton- Ingalls & Snyder: Well, you don’t have to restock. You can keep the inventory level the same, but you have to raise your orders, because what you are ordering was so far below demand.
Robert Livingston: I understand–. This is something that all of our companies struggle with and Alex we are being a bit pressed for times, so I’m going to ask for the next question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs. 
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs:  Bob, I’m trying to just interpret the second half margin expectations versus previously you had a lot of moving pieces with Tyler and FX and corporate. If we just look at kind of segment margins for the company before corporate, the operating margin expectation for the second half was up 150 to 200 basis points. Is that change versus previous within the context to the lower guidance and if so, can you talk about which segments of the driver’s there.
Robert Livingston: Gosh, I don’t have that hard data in front of me Terry. My sense is, the second half margins, we’re looking at it verses the first half; we do see an improvement about 150 to 200 basis points. My senses is, that margin for the second half is probably down about 100 basis point from what we were looking at in April.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and perhaps that ties out with your comment about mainly mix, but maybe also with your comment about the competitive pricing pressure that you talked about in the opening remarks. I’m wondering if you can talk about; number one, which business are you seeing that most acute, really from the stand point of the competitive element of your comment. Then second, why wouldn’t you accelerate restructuring efforts to try to offset that.
Robert Livingston: I’m not sure I can give you a company by company dissertation on the second half. I would say that the segment that continues to be probably most challenged with respect to margins is industrial products, and even though we do expect in our forecast, improvements in margins in the second half, this is the segment that is most challenged with respect to the margin performance, relative to the forecast that we gave you in April.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: I’m sorry, I was talking about pricing pressure comments. They are probable related to some degree, but which areas are you seeing the most comparative...
Robert Livingston: Throughout the industrial products segment and in some parts where energy platform. Now its interesting Terry, I don’t have real hard data on this, but if you look at the companies that have the greatest exposure to commodity costs, especially metal, we’ve got a lot of discussion with these companies during the first half, very focused in the second quarter, and we can see price pressures in the first half with those group of companies, within industrial product and the energy platform, that may have impacted their revenue or their top line by two to three points. Collectively when you aggregate that for Dover that may have given the headwind in the first half for Dover, about 1% to up to 1.2% of sales. We would expect it to increase in the second half. For that same group of companies, may be instead of a headwind of two to three points, maybe its three to four points. That will provide some headwind to Dover of about 1.5% on the top line. Now, the flip side of that is during the first half we did a very, very good job of managing what I call the price versus cost spread, and I do believe the collectively around over, we probably added to our operating margin one point on that activity. Our forecast in the second half is for that to be neutral.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Bob, on the supply chain, I think maybe Rob called out what the total investment is, but can you just come back to us on that, and just to make sure we’re clear, you’re talking system here, this is really a big IT spend but maybe there’s more to it.
Robert Livingston: The IT spend is part of the increased spending in the second half and Terry, that will continue for a while. We will not complete an IT package here in the second half of ‘09, but its not only IT; we are spending a tremendous amount of money in training, several million dollars in training, and process development and the tools we need to do the right analytics.  This is not just a cost down exercise that we are going through with our suppliers; again, this is a multi year program and we want to embed a capability in the organization that will benefit over for a long time. The discreet spend in the supply chain initiative in ‘09 will be about $22 million. That’s off set by some savings, frankly are less than $1 million in ’09 That spend rate in the second half would very unlike continue through all of 2010. That second half spend rate will continue through 2010. In the second half of the 2010, the bottom line impact of Dover should turn positive.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: So we can essentially use the corporate expense this quarter as a run rate, kind of through next year, plus some inflation on the other.  
Robert Livingston: That’s true.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Then lastly, Rob just on tax rate thinking for 2010, it look like the low end or high end of the range, the second half can be as high as 32%. As we think about 2010 account for there, does that come back to the upper 20’s.
Robert Livingston: I would say in a normalized rate it’s 29 to 30. As always, we’re going to have these discreet events come up that’ll impact our quarterly rate and that’s just the nature of FIN 48 and we have to deal with. I would say 29 to 30 would be a normalized rate for ‘10.
Operator: Your final question comes from Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital.
Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Can you tell us the product ID thoughts a little bit? I mean last quarter it started off weak and March was looking better, and then 2Q didn’t turn out to be better. I mean can you talk about what you saw happen there, both kind of on the equipment and consumable side?
Robert Livingston: Okay. Let me start first by just reminding you that for our product ID its really two differences businesses, even though we run the logistics as a leverage activity. We’ve got bar-coding, which is data banks in O’Neil, and we’ve got direct coding, which is Markem-Imaje .  The business has been struggling, it’s been struggling for a while Shannon, it’s our bar coding business. We had a leadership change there in December to try to affect some changes. The activity in the first half on order rates was rather flat through. The second quarter was flat with the first quarter. We did not see an improvement. We had a loss in the bar coding business in the first quarter. It’s linked to modest earnings in the second quarter.  The real driver of our business is the direct coding, which is Markem-Imaje. To give you a relative size here, Markem-Imaje is about six times the size of our bar coding business. Second quarter for direct coding, we had about a 10% revenue growth in direct coding versus the first quarter. We had a 17% increase in bookings in the second quarter sequentially. We had a 16% improvement in earnings sequentially at direct coding.  From a geographic perspective, I commented about Dover having less of a decline in North America than we are seeing in the rest of the world. This is very true at product ID and direct coding. Our North America business held up better during this downturn than did Europe and Asia. In fact our North America decline in revenue at direct coding in the first half of the year; it’s about five or six points less than the overall decline.  The largest decline for direct coding has actually been at Asia. Our business mix is quite different there than it is in North America and Europe. North America and Europe is predominantly food and beverage, more than half. Food and beverage, I call it consumer staples.  In Asia, it’s a much higher percentage towards industrial and electronics applications that really support the export market out of China. The export market’s been pretty week in the first half. We do see signs coming out of China that the export market is picking up and we are expecting some improvement in the second half in China for product ID.  Aside from bar coding, the business is performing quite well. As Rob mentioned, we’ve essentially said we’re done with the integration of Markem-Imaje, its complete and the leadership team at product ID is very, very focused now on growing the top line
Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital: The focus now also is fixing the problems over in barcode and what you really need to do there?
Robert Livingston: I think we’ve gone through, I will call it our internal remediation action in the first half. That included headcount reductions, it included a couple of facility consolidations. I commented that the second quarter bookings were flat with the first quarter.  We saw a little different activity in June there that was positive and we believe that’s continuing in July. I think we’ve got the right team in place now at bar coding and I think they are pretty focused on the right things and what they need to do. I think we are in the mode of improving it now.
Shannon O’Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay. Last one is just, can you say a little more of your thoughts on where electronic assembly business is heading into the second half.
Robert Livingston: We expect a little bit more of an improvement in the third quarter, even over the second quarter on electronic assembly. Order rates are going to be a little bit higher in the third quarter. We expect revenue to be up a little bit. Both second quarter and third quarter activity, I wouldn’t label to just normal patterns in the electronics assembly markets.  Fourth quarter, we do and it is in our guidance. The fourth quarter, we do see a seasonal adjustment down in electronic assembly, that’s normal. We are seeing signs especially in the semiconductor area of factory utilization rates improving, not where they need to be.  The other comment I would make about electronic assembly is that our restructuring activity, not only of the electronic assembly, but within the electronic technology segment is complete. The earnings and the margins in the second half will not be weighted by restructuring charges and we’ll see some benefits from the restructuring activity.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we have no further questions. Mr. Goldberg are there any closing remarks.
Paul Goldberg:  Yes, thanks. Thanks everybody for joining us. Before we conclude this conference call, I’d just like to turn it back to Rob for some final comments.
Robert Kuhbach :  Thanks Paul. It was about 17 years ago that I got a call from Tom Sutton, Dover’s former Chairman and CEO, inviting me to join the Dover team as Dover’s first Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.  I did some homework and decided to join Dover early in 1993. Before doing so I was impressed that I bought 500 shares of Dover stock, which I still own. It’s been a tremendous experience to have spent nearly 17 years at Dover in two different, yet very rewarding careers.  This is a tremendous company with a proud culture. It has changed a lot, all to the good. More good things are coming, yet despite all these positive changes, the core values of trust integrity and an intense respect for people remain intact. Well deserved and critical for future success.  I want to thank three audiences today. First, to all of the current and former Board members, executive, employees, I say thanks for a great career and all the help and support and you have shown me in Dover. You have made my work here intellectually stimulating and rewarding. It’s been a great ride. I wish you all, particularly the new executive management team and especially Brad Cerepak my successor, much success going forward.  To Bob Livingston, the fourth CEO of Dover for whom I worked, a special thanks for making my final year at Dover so rewarding. I have enormous confidence that you will leave Dover wisely and well in the years ahead. As I know own over 80,000 shares of Dover stock, I will be watching with great interest as you make Dover an even more successful company going forward, and as a number of retiring executive have been known to comment, just don’t mess it up.  Second, to all the analysts and investors I’ve know over the years, I say thanks for all your support and enthusiasm. Again, it’s been a tremendous experience meeting and working with great people who have shown a keen interest in this company and I trust you will continue to stay engaged with Dover as it achieves more success in future years.  Last, but not the least, I want to thank my family; in particular my wife and partner Sheryl Andrews who has supported me enormously over these past 17 years, as I worked for Dover. Without your top wide enthusiasm, my success with Dover would not have been possible. 
Paul Goldberg: Thanks a lot Rob. This concludes our conference call. We thank you for your interest, and we look forward to speaking to you in the next quarter. 
Operator:  Thank you. That concludes today’s second quarter 2009 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital John Inch - BAS-ML
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the first quarter 2009 Dover Corporation earnings conference call.  With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation, Rob Kuhbach, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Dover Corporation, and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation.  (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg:  Thank you, [Kelly]. Good morning and welcome to Dover's first quarter earnings call.  With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Rob Kuhbach, our VP of Finance and CFO.  Today's call will begin with some comments from Bob and Rob on Dover's first quarter operating and financial performance and 2009 outlook. We will then open up the call to questions. In the interest of time, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.DoverCorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through 11:00 pm May 6th and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1-800-642-1687. When accessing the playback you'll need to supply the following reservation code: 93619966.  Before we get started I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainty. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. We also undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found. And with that I'd like to turn this call over to Bob. 
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's conference call.  Today Dover reported first quarter earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.33, down 57% from last year. First quarter revenue was $1.4 billion, down 26% from last year, and net earnings from continuing operations were $61 million, down 59%.  Our first quarter results reflected $0.12 EPS in restructuring costs. Dover's 26% quarter revenue decline was the result of a 22% decline in core revenue, coupled with a 4% negative impact of foreign exchange. Revenue declines in Europe and Asia were generally more severe than in North America. Bookings for the quarter were $1.3 billion, down 36% over the prior year, but strengthened sequentially through the quarter. Our first quarter bookings were net of $63 million of cancellations.  First quarter backlog was $1 billion, down 34% from last year and down 11% sequentially.  The first quarter proved to be more challenging than anticipated, with significant declines in activity across most of our end markets. These challenges required us to take more aggressive restructuring actions than originally planned and we did. Restructuring charges in the first quarter were $35 million, $15 million above our initial estimates.  Operating margin for the quarter was 10.2%, down 390 basis points over the prior year, and reflected significantly weaker volume and our restructuring charges.  Once again, our performance was led by strong margin results and [break in audio] management. We achieved working capital to sales of 18.9%, a 10 basis point increase over last year. Our inventory turns were 6.8, which compared favorably to the prior year of 6.7.  We generated free cash flow of $83 million in the first quarter, 6% of revenue. This percentage is flat with last year. Recognizing the first quarter is historically our weakest cash flow generation quarter, we expect full year free cash flow in the neighborhood of 10% of revenue.  During the quarter our companies were very focused on internal operational improvements. Restructuring, synergy capture and supply chain initiatives continued to be a primary focus of our management teams and will be a tremendous source of value as we move through this current recession.  We continued to be disciplined in our capital allocation decisions. CapEx of $31 million was in line with our full year expectations.  We expect no changes to our long-standing dividend policy.  We had no share repurchase activity in the quarter and did not close on any acquisitions; however, we are encouraged by the targets in our pipeline. We continue to see add-on opportunities and signs of moderating pricing as valuations align with business conditions. We remain hopeful that we'll be able to announce a solid strategic add-on acquisition during the second quarter and a few more as the year unfolds. Acquisitions have been and will continue to be a key part of our value creation strategy.  Now let me turn the call over to Rob for comments on our segment performance.
Robert G. Kuhbach:  Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to quickly run through our first quarter segment performance and then cover some additional financial information. At the Industrial Products segment, sales were $435 million, down 30% from last year, with earnings of $35 million, down 56% from the first quarter of '08. Bookings were down 50%, including cancellations of $50 million at the companies serving the infrastructure market. Operating margin was 7.9%, down 490 basis points from last year largely driven by weak conditions across most end markets and restructuring charges of roughly $6 million. Adjusting for the effects of restructuring charges, operating margins would have been 9.4%.  Within Industrial Products, sales in our material handling platform decreased 35%, while earnings dropped 72%, resulting in platform margins down 800 basis points. Platform margins would have been down 550 basis points adjusting for the effects of restructuring. Our aggressive cost reduction activities, including significant reductions in work force and facility consolidations, partially offset weak dynamics in essentially all end markets. Given the low first quarter book-to-bill of 0.63, we expect this platform to remain challenged for the next few quarters.  The mobile equipment platform reported sales and earnings declines of 25% and 34%, respectively, while margins held up fairly well, down only 200 basis points. Solid performance at Heil Environmental and a strong military business at Sargent helped to offset weakness in the bulk transport and auto service markets. Bookings trends stabilized as the quarter progressed, suggesting the trough has been reached in this platform. Internal initiatives combined with market stabilization should result in modest improvement in mobile equipment's performance as the year unfolds. Turning to the Engineered Systems segment, sales were $401 million, down 20% from last year, with earnings of $43 million, down 31%. For the quarter, operating margin was 10.8%, down 180 basis points over the prior year period. This margin decline was principally the result of lower volume and restructuring costs of $8 million. Adjusting for restructuring charges, segment margins would have been 12.7%. Bookings, backlog, revenue, earnings and margin improved through the quarter for this segment. Our product identification platform began to see signs of improving demand as it exited the first quarter. For the quarter, sales were down 23%, reflecting a 17% core revenue decline and a 6% FX impact. Earnings were down 39% and margins dropped 320 basis points, of which restructuring accounted for 210 basis points.  This performance reflected generally weaker global demand, a January and February continuation of destocking activities, and restructuring initiatives in our bar coding business. We successfully implemented SAP across all MARKEM Imaje locations and expect to see both operational and cost benefits resulting from this unified ERP system. Additionally, our direct marking business is seeing a healthy pipeline of business opportunities among several global consumer products companies.  The engineered products platform posted decreases in both sales and earnings year-over-year of 17% and 20%, respectively. Margin performance was relatively strong, with operating margin down only 60 basis points despite significant restructuring charges. Excluding restructuring charges, operating margin improved 120 basis points over last year on a 17% revenue decline.  Both Hill PHOENIX and Unified Brands delivered earnings growth on modest revenue declines, partially offsetting weak performance in the food packaging end markets. Here as well as, bookings strengthened as the quarter progressed, indicating improving demand off of low levels. Innovative products and healthy supermarket renovation activity continued to provide a favorable climate for Hill PHOENIX. Turning to Fluid Management, demand softened across all end markets, especially oil and gas. For the quarter sales declined 18% to $331 million and earnings were $75 million, a decline of only 11%. First quarter operating margins were 22.8%, up 160 basis points over last year. While though some degradation is likely, we still believe we will maintain strong margins throughout the year.  Our energy platform, closely linked with North American recount and oil and gas pricing, saw reduced demand in its sucker rods and drill bit inserts. First quarter revenue declined 17%, while earnings for the platform only decreased 13%, resulting in margins on a par with first quarter 2008 results. We expect to see demand for our energy products to continue to decline for the next couple of quarters as storage levels of oil and gas remain relatively high and recount continues to fall.  The fluid solutions platform posted a revenue decline of 18% and an earnings decline of 24% caused by weakened global demand across the majority of its end markets. Productivity gains and synergy activities helped fluid solutions maintain strong margins throughout the quarter. Additionally, bookings improved as fluid solutions exited the quarter and there is growing optimism that destocking behavior has stabilized.  Lastly, Electronic Technologies continued to feel the effects of the global slowdown. Revenue was $214 million, down 39% from last year, and we lost $12 million in the quarter inclusive of $19 million of restructuring charges. Excluding these restructuring charges, operating margin would have been 3%.  Our electronic assembly equipment companies, namely ECT, DEC and OK, experienced a tremendous drop off in demand as their customers continued to experience very low factory utilization rates. In total, revenues were down 66% for this group of companies. We are taking the opportunity during this significant market downturn to substantially restructure our electronic assembly equipment group and are moving more production capacity to Asia, which will allow us to better leverage the market when it turns.  Knowles and the ceramic and microwave products group, now known as CMP, both experienced solid quarters with earnings leverage reflecting innovative product designs serving the military and cell phone markets. This segment's bookings improved each month during the quarter, leading us to believe that January and February represented the trough, though we are not anticipating a material recovery in demand in the second and third quarters.  As this summary indicates, Dover's first quarter results reflected weak demand across the majority of our end markets as well as normal seasonality and the effects of significant restructuring. Markets displaying strength were military, food and refrigeration systems equipment, and our growing presence in MEMS technology.  Having reviewed the segments, I'd like to briefly provide some additional financial data.  Regarding geographic sales, Dover experienced a higher percentage of sales from North America in the first quarter. North American sales were 60% as compared to 55% last year, reflecting weak electronic assembly markets which are essentially Asian and European. This change in revenue mix impacted our quarterly tax rate, which I'll discuss later.  First quarter net interest expense was $22.4 million, down about $1 million from last year, reflecting lower commercial paper costs and a favorable investment mix. We continue to have good access to the commercial paper market and our outstanding CP balance at quarter end was $112 million. Our net debt to total capitalization was 24.8%, essentially flat with last year. Turning to taxes, our first quarter rate for continuing operations was 35.1%, up 560 basis points from last year, reflecting an adverse change in the mix of domestic and foreign earnings. We do expect the rate to moderate as the year unfolds, with discrete quarterly events potentially causing some significant variability. Overall, we believe our mix of U.S. to foreign earnings will be greater than originally anticipated. As a result, we expect our full year tax rate to be in the range of 29% to 30%.  Corporate expenses for the first quarter were $24.7 million, a $5.3 million reduction from last year although slightly higher than our estimated run rate for the full year. We are consciously accelerating our supply chain initiatives and anticipate full year corporate expenses to be roughly $20 million less than last year. With that I'd like to turn this call back over to Bob Livingston, who will update you on our key initiatives.
Robert A. Livingston: Thank you, Rob. As we mentioned during our last earnings call, we came into the first quarter fully expecting a challenging business environment. Unfortunately, it was more difficult than expected. We saw unprecedented drops in demand in all geographies and in most end markets.  During the year end call we committed to maintain strong operating margins and cash flow. Based on our original forecast, we expected to incur $20 million in first quarter restructuring charges and $40 million for the entire year to right size our businesses.  Our business leaders quickly realized the true dimension of the demand decline and reacted aggressively. Their actions resulted in $35 million of first quarter restructuring charges, with $73 million now planned for the entire year.  Even after significant restructuring charges, we ended the first quarter with an operating margin of 10.2%. Our aggressive cost cutting now puts us on a good path to deliver solid double-digit margins for the full year. Before I provide some details on our restructuring I'd like to update you on three important initiatives - synergy capture, our global supply chain, and our corporate development review. Synergy. As a reminder, in late 2007 we committed to $40 to $60 million of earnings improvement in the '08 - '09 timeframe from leverage and synergy initiatives. Last quarter we reported that we exceeded the low end of our two-year goal in year one and improved earnings $0.15 in 2008. We also stated that through additional programs we would be able to generate another $0.10 to $0.13 of EPS improvement in 2009. For the first quarter, all synergistic activities, including business integrations, resulted in $0.04 EPS benefit net of cost. We believe our synergy and business integration activities will end up at the high end of our $0.10 to $0.13 range. I also want to update you on our global procurement initiative. This was designed to take a holistic view of Dover's global procurement and spending patterns and best supply chain practices. This initiative is estimated to save between $75 and $100 million in the 2010 to 2011 timeframe.  We have completed the analysis and prioritization phase and have launched several projects to leverage our procurement and sourcing activities. We are now building the infrastructure to support it and have named Jim Moyle as Dover's first Vice President of Global Sourcing and Supply Chain. Jim was formerly the CFO of our Fluid Management segment. His mission is to lead the effort to strategically source and leverage a significant amount of our aggregate spend. We have scheduled our first preferred global supplier conference in May. With respect to our corporate development review, the executive management team, with some outside expertise, has been analyzing our existing businesses and market spaces across a framework of measures including long-term profitability, acquisition opportunities and competitive position. This work is progressing well. It is guiding our current acquisition interest, and we intend to share results of this review at our fall investor day.  While we are encouraged by the pace and progress of these initiatives, we realize we must remain focused on the current business climate. Accordingly, market dynamics caused us to take significant restructuring charges in the first quarter.  In the first quarter we incurred restructuring costs of $35 million that yielded first quarter savings of approximately $12 million. Roughly half of the first quarter restructuring costs were absorbed in Electronic Technologies. We reduced our work force by 12%. We closed 12 manufacturing facilities. For the full year 2009 our capacity rationalization efforts and work force reduction of 15% is expected to result in a $73 million restructuring charge. The anticipated full year 2009 benefit of these actions will be approximately $125 million.  In summary, our restructuring activities over 2008 and 2009 will cost about $100 million, with an associated net work force reduction of 20%. These actions have yielded $32 million of cost reductions in the first quarter of 2009 and will yield another $180 million during the balance of the year.  In conclusion, our key business improvement initiatives, including synergy capture and global procurement, will allow us to leverage our restructuring efforts when the market rebounds and our corporate development review will improve the focus of our capital allocation process.  Unfortunately, we don't see the market rebounding quickly. While we are modestly encouraged by recent order trends, we are hesitant to project a meaningful recovery for the balance of 2009. The global recession has been more severe than we originally anticipated, especially in electronic assembly equipment and infrastructure-related markets.  At the beginning of the year we forecasted an 11% to 13% decline in revenue for the full year. Based on our most recent analysis we now forecast an 18% to 20% decrease in revenue for the full year. We expect Electronic Technologies and Industrial Products to experience revenue declines greater than our overall sales decline, Engineered Systems should outperform, and Fluid Management should perform at about the overall forecast level.  Based on our reduced revenue forecast, we now expect 2009 EPS to be in the range of $2 to $2.30. This guidance does not contemplate any acquisitions or additional share repurchases. It also assumes a 29% to 30% tax rate for the whole year. From an earnings distribution standpoint, we still believe the first quarter will be the weakest due to normal seasonality and significant restructuring costs. We are committed to protect margins. If market conditions dictate additional restructuring is required, we will do so.  I am very encouraged by the way our leadership teams and company presidents have responded to the current business environment. They have shown leadership through voluntary compensation reductions and other cost-saving initiatives. They have been proactive, realistic and balanced on both short-term performance and long-term growth. They also remain focused on product innovation and superior customer service. I am proud of their determination to weather this economic storm. Lastly, I want to sincerely thank all the Dover employees who have endured a very difficult start to 2009. Many have seen friends and coworkers leave the company and some have experienced reduced compensation through furlough programs and other initiatives. Through all these challenges they have worked tirelessly and delivered results. I'm confident their dedication will pay off as we emerge from this recession. With that I'll turn it back to Paul for questions.
Paul E. Goldberg:  Thanks, Bob. At this point I'd first like to remind you that if you can limit your questions to one with one follow up, we'll get everybody's questions in.  And at this point, [Kelly], if you can compile the questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities: A question on margins. I thought the underlying margin performance was very, very good during the quarter. Anything you think about in terms of sustainability of that kind of margin performance? You know, [DEC MEM] was about 18% overall if you take out restructuring. Anything we need to think about in terms of whether that run rate sustains?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, we believe it is sustainable and we actually believe our margin performance will improve slightly during the year.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities:  What about pricing during the quarter? We didn't talk about pricing. What sort of trend do you see there, specifically within your energy businesses?
Robert A. Livingston: Price management overall for Dover has received a fair amount of attention, increased attention, over the last couple of years. That attention and focus has, I would say, been even a bit more at the forefront in the fourth quarter and during the first quarter. We are seeing some moderate price pressure around Dover. Input costs have been coming down for the last few months. Within the energy group specifically, the price pressure has probably been a little bit more severe than in other parts of our business, but Nigel, take a look back at the margins that we have posted here for Fluid Management in the first quarter. I think we're doing a very good job of managing both the price and our output cost delta. 
Robert G. Kuhbach: Nigel, I would add one comment. I would say in general in the industrial space, not just Dover but I think most industrial companies, recognize in this climate of severe economic downturn that for most of them they're willing to accept a lower volume, lower revenue levels and maintaining margin rather than thinking of pricing as a weapon to engage in higher sales levels or maintaining sales levels. So in general I think the pricing environment we have experienced, while it's still challenging, has been somewhat more encouraging from the standpoint that there are not as many people out there who think that they can slash price and maintain share or maintain sales levels.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Securities:  So just to recap, price inflation was positive during the quarter. And does that stay positive for the rest of the year?
Robert A. Livingston: I think the focus has been on maintaining our margins and the delta between input costs and pricing. That delta remained positive in the first quarter. We expect that delta to remain positive for the first half. Our plans right now show the second half to be neutral on that delta. We do expect to see some continued price pressure through the year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: Just on sticking with energy a bit, you talked last quarter about kind of a range of margins in, I guess, mid-teens to mid-20s; pretty good margin performance this quarter. Any kind of recalibration of what you would think to see out of this business through the cycle? I mean, are we going to be at above 20 now through this energy cycle?
Robert A. Livingston: I think the response at the end of the fourth quarter with respect to margins wasn't so much about energy. We were responding to the margin expectations on the segment, on the Fluid Management segment. 
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan:  I guess you can just talk about that and that's fine if you just want to talk about. 
Robert A. Livingston: We still expect margins for the Fluid Management segment to be as we guided in the first quarter, somewhere around the 19% to 20% range.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan:  And then through the cycle, is the cost structure of this business and the dynamics you're seeing out there in the marketplace such that you're going to maintain this kind of level even if we continue to see depressed activity through the end of this year and the next year?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I'm going to respond to our outlook for 2009 and take a pass on 2010 right now.  Our first quarter margins for the Fluid Management segment were 21% plus a little bit. Again, we're giving you some input that our margin outlook for that segment for the year is in the 19% to 20% range, so we do expect some margin degradation as we move through the year. Most of that margin degradation is going to be felt at the energy platform. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to talk a little bit - you have $3.3 billion of goodwill on your balance sheet; is there any risk of an impairment? Particularly I think about Paladin here.
Robert G. Kuhbach: No, we've been quite thorough, Scott, in reviewing that. As you know, we're required to do it fully once a year. We've actually been doing that every quarter and we're very comfortable that the amount of goodwill we're carrying on our books is sustainable by the business environment that we currently have.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley:  And when you think about - a couple of small questions here - but when you think about the share repurchase versus acquisition question now, a little bit of a challenging one because there's probably some cheap acquisitions out there, I notice you have about $500 million of cash on the balance sheet. When do you kind of throw in the towel on acquisitions if you can't close something and instead start buying back stock?
Paul E. Goldberg: Well, we're not ready to throw in the towel yet, that's for sure. We do have a lot of - well, I wouldn't say a lot, but we do have more than one attractive acquisition in our pipeline and we do believe we're going to be able to close on a couple of things this year. But what we do do is reassess it every quarter and as we get further in the year and cash continues to pile up and for whatever unforeseen reason we have not closed an acquisition, we would be more likely to do a share repurchase.  But at this point right now, I don't think it's likely based on what's in our pipeline.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: In Electronic Technologies the backlog was up sequentially, book-to-bill improved. You're still talking cautiously about 2Q, but what do you make of that incrementally positive trend in terms of the end of destocking or how encouraged are you by it?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, with respect to Electronic Technologies, the distributor or customer destocking was not really an issue within Electronic Technologies. The real issue in Electronic Technologies in the electronic assembly equipment companies has just been their customers are just not adding capacity and are not spending.  If you look at the trends during the quarter, we were pretty shocked by how low our order rates were with those three companies in January. February was a little bit better, but not much. March order activity was significantly better.  And I think if you look at the details within Electronic Technologies, I believe that most of the backlog increase during the quarter was actually the result of increased order rates at Knowles. 
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital:  And then what about in product ID and Hill PHOENIX, in that segment you had some improvement in the book-to-bill. You mentioned, I think it was product ID, you said, order rates improved at the end of the quarter. Can you just give a sense of why you think Hill PHOENIX is holding up and what you make of the improvement at the end of the quarter in product ID?
Robert A. Livingston: All right, well let me speak to product ID first. I think we commented on this on the January call. Frankly, we were pretty surprised at the drop in order rates somewhat in November, but especially in December. And that decline, that softness in order rates in December, continued into January. A little bit of an improvement in February. Relative to January, a significant improvement in March, in fact, March order rates were probably closer to what we were experiencing in late October/November timeframe.  So here is a situation where we do believe there was significant destocking, especially of consumables, by both the distributors and some end customers. That appears to have passed in the December, January and February timeframe, so we believe that we have some sustainable business performance activity now within product ID. Hill PHOENIX, we came into the year expecting a pretty solid performance from Hill PHOENIX not only in the first quarter but for the year. We've had a good mix of business in the first quarter. We've had some great productivity improvements that were benefiting here in the first quarter from some actions that were taken in the second half of last year. And remodel activity here in North America with the grocery stores continues to be pretty healthy.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital:  It looks like you're probably gaining some share there, too.
Robert A. Livingston: Can't confirm that rate at this moment.
Robert G. Kuhbach: Hill PHOENIX had probably their best booking month in March for the last 18 months, so they actually showed some nice uptick.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from John Inch - BAS-ML.
John Inch - BAS-ML: I'm trying to parse the moving parts here. It looks as if you think on a net basis restructuring is going to add another $0.18 for the year, yet you're taking the guide down pretty substantially, 26% at the midpoint. You gave the guide at the end of January and you say in your release that order rates are more severe on the downside than you anticipated, yet your call is sprinkled with all of this discussion of things improving. I guess I don't really understand what exactly since the end of January got better or worse since your expectations and what ultimately is the crux of why the guide is so much lower versus really only the end of January? 
Robert A. Livingston:  Let's start with the revenue guidance. The order rate decline in the first quarter was significantly lower - significantly greater - than we were expecting coming into the year. We believe that as we exited the quarter we were at the bottom or a slight recovery from the bottom in most of our end markets, with two notable exceptions, those two being the energy business and our infrastructure business, which for us is primarily in the material handling platform of Industrial Products. I think the continuing order declines that we would expect from the energy businesses and activity and the infrastructure activity is weighing a bit heavily on the guidance we're giving for the year on revenue. 
John Inch - BAS-ML:  Okay, so it's energy and infrastructure. Then I guess, Bob, as you think about the year - and I think you mentioned even the seasonally weak first quarter; I'm just looking historically, it looks like the first quarter's kind of 20% to 22% of the year - you annualize $0.33, that's $1.65, maybe add $0.20 for net restructuring. I still don't see how do you - what are you assuming gets significantly better to get to over $2 for the year versus something that's closer to $1.80?
Robert G. Kuhbach: I think we expect some improvement in the Engineered Systems space. I think we have some caution in the Fluid Management segment, particularly in energy. And I think Industrial Products and Electronic Technologies are more problematic.  So we do see some improvement directionally as the second quarter unfolds, more in the Engineered Systems space and we think Fluid Management will hold up. The two question mark areas in our minds are still when is Industrial Products, particularly in material handling, going to show some improvement, and Electronic Technologies we think is pretty much near the bottom of its space, so it's a little hard for us to get a lot of visibility given the order rate decline.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) 
Paul E. Goldberg: If there are no more questions, we appreciate you listening to us this morning and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter and delivering our second quarter results.  Thanks again and certainly if anybody has any follow up questions they can call me after this call. Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. That concludes today's first quarter 2009 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Executive Officer Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC John Inch - Banc of America Scott David - Morgan Stanley
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the fourth quarter 2008 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. With us today are Bob Livingston, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation, Rob Kuhbach, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Dover Corporation, and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg:  Thank you, [Kelly]. Good morning and welcome to Dover's fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Rob Kuhbach, our VP of Finance and CFO.  Today's call will begin with some comments from Bob and Rob on Dover's operating and financial performance and 2009 outlook. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow up.  Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.DoverCorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through 11:00 p.m. February 11th and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-642-1687. When accessing the playback you'll need to supply the following reservation code: 79877024. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website, where considerably more information can be found.  And with that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this morning's call. I am pleased to be here to report on our record 2008 results and to update you on our responses to the challenges we are facing. Today, Dover reported fourth quarter earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.91, up 3% over last year. Fourth quarter revenue was $1.7 billion, down 8% from last year, and net earnings from continuing operations were $170 million, down 3%. For the full year we reported revenue of $7.6 billion and net earnings from continuing operations were $695 million, up 3% and 4%, respectively. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year were $3.67, up 11% over the previous year and in line with our guidance. Our 2008 revenue, operating earnings and diluted earnings per share results represent all-time highs. Dover's 8% quarterly revenue decline was the result of a 6% decline in core revenue coupled with the negative impact of currency of 3%, partially offset by 1% net growth from acquisitions. For the full year, our 3% revenue growth was driven by 1% increases in organic growth, net acquisitions and the impact of currency. Bookings for the quarter were $1.4 billion, down 21% over the prior year and did weaken sequentially through the quarter. Year end backlog was $1.2 billion, down 20% from last year and down 22% sequentially.  The fourth quarter proved to be most challenging, with significant declines in order rates across most of our end markets, conditions which appear to be continuing into 2009. Given this challenging environment, I am very pleased with our fourth quarter performance and full year results. Operating margin for the quarter was 15.3%, up 70 basis points over the prior year. For the year, operating margins were also 15.3%, a 40 basis point improvement over '07. This improvement was driven by strong results and fluid management and by company wide synergy and leverage benefits.  We continued to make progress on our working capital and inventory metrics. We achieved working capital to sales of 18.3%, a 60 basis point improvement over last year. Our year end inventory turns were 7.1 compared to the prior year of 6.7.  Internal operational improvement continues to be the central theme for our operating companies. With end market demand weakening through the quarter, our companies were very focused on cost reduction activities.  We generated free cash flow of $228 million in the fourth quarter, 13.2% of revenue. For the full year we generated free cash flow of $835 million, which was 11% of revenue and a 70 basis point improvement over last year. Since the inception of our Performance Counts program in 2005, Dover has averaged free cash flow of 10.2% of revenue. We believe this strong performance reflects our focus on margins and working capital as well as a strong portfolio of companies. We were highly disciplined in our capital allocation in 2008. CapEx was $176 million, essentially flat with 2007. We expect to see CapEx significantly decline in 2009.  In the third quarter we completed our share repurchase program previously announced in November of '07. For the full year Dover repurchased 10 million shares on the open market at a cost of $462 million.  Also in the third quarter, Dover raised its quarterly dividend to $0.25 per share, an increase of 25% and marking the 54th consecutive year we have raised our annual dividend.  Though we've looked at several acquisition opportunities, we closed only one small deal in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we spent $104 million on four add-on acquisitions, three of which were in our Fluid Management segment. Though acquisition spending was very modest in 2008, acquisitions continue to be a key part of our value creation strategy. We have several interesting add-on opportunities currently under review and believe we will be more active on acquisitions in 2009. Our conservative financial policies and solid cash generation has enabled us to delever in the fourth quarter. Our capital structure will allow us to continue to invest both internally and externally and puts us in a position of strength as we manage through the current business climate. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Rob for his comments on our segment performance.
Robert G. Kuhbach:  Thanks, Bob. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to quickly run through our fourth quarter segment performance and then cover some additional financial information.  At the Industrial Products segment, sales were $562 million, down 6% over last year, with earnings of $58 million, down 19% from the fourth quarter of '07.  Operating margin was 10.3%, down 170 basis points from last year, largely driven by moderating conditions across most end markets and restructuring charges.  Within Industrial Products, sales in our material handling platform decreased 7% and earnings decreased 23%. Revenue and earnings growth in our industrial winch business was offset by softness in the infrastructure and automotive markets and by plant integration and consolidation costs at Paladin. The mobile equipment platform recorded both sales and earnings down 5%, holding margin constant. This sales and earnings performance reflected strong results at Heil Environmental and Sargent, offset by weakness in the automotive service markets. Our solid refuse vehicle backlog, strong military tanker business and aerospace exposure will help mitigate the effects of soft auto service and bulk transport end markets. Turning to the Engineered Systems segment, sales were $448 million, down 17% from last year, with earnings of $53 million, down 31%. For the quarter, operating margin was 11.9%, down 260 basis points over the prior year period. This margin decline was primarily the result of lower margin, a currency impact of 4%, as well as restructuring and other one-time costs.  Our product identification platform maintained healthy margins despite sales being down 18% and earnings down 25%, and full year margins were essentially flat with last year. This performance mainly reflected generally weak demand, customer and distributor destocking activities, and the impact of foreign currency. Margins were aided by the ongoing integration activities across the platform which will result in a unified business that is able to service its customers seamlessly around the world. Recurring revenue accounts for over 50% of product identification sales, giving us a healthy baseline of activity as we begin 2009.  The engineered products platform posted decreases in both sales and earnings year-over-year of 16% and 42%, respectively. Demand was down across the platform, especially at Hill PHOENIX, which had an exceptionally strong fourth quarter in 2007. This performance was further impacted by other one-time costs incurred in our food packaging equipment businesses. Although our main customer in this platform, Wal-Mart, significant reduced its new store openings in 2008, we are encouraged by recent order trends across our expanding customer base and do expect business levels to pick up in the first quarter. Turning to Fluid Management, results continued to be strong in the fourth quarter, with revenue of $414 million, up 8% over last year, reflecting organic growth of 8.8% for the quarter. Fourth quarter earnings of $100 million were up 28% over the prior year period, and operating margins were 24.1%, up 380 basis points over last year and 150 basis points sequentially.  Our energy platform finished the year at an exceptionally high level across all companies. Fourth quarter revenue increased 19% and earnings for the platform increased 45%. Expiration and production project activity did weaken during the fourth quarter, and we expect those trends to continue into 2009. Our proactive initiatives, coupled with our base of 25% recurring revenue, lead us to believe that we will maintain strong margins. The fluid solutions platform posted a revenue decline of 4% while producing an earnings gain of 1%, displaying a strong focus on margin maintenance. Productivity gains and synergy activities, particularly at our pump solutions group and the OPW companies helped offset the revenue decline, which was driven by weaker demand across several of our served markets and significant destocking activities. Lastly, Electronic Technologies also felt the effects of the global slowdown. Revenue was $302 million, down 17% for last year, while earnings were $53 million, up 11% from the prior year. Margin was 17.4%, an improvement of 450 basis points over the prior year. Strong earnings and margin results were primarily driven by excellent performances at Knowles and MPG and a one-time gain of $8 million on the sale of Rasco, formerly part of Everett Charles. Absent that disposition, earnings and margin would have been $45 million and 14.9%, respectively, a 200 basis point margin improvement over 2008.  Knowles posted double-digit earnings gains on flat sales. Overall, we continue to see solid demand for hearing aid components, MEMS microphones, and military products. The balance of our markets, particularly our electronic assembly and semiconductor-related markets, experienced a significant decline in demand as the quarter wore on. We expect a challenging first quarter, partly due to seasonality, weak activity in China, and restructuring charges. The plans we have implemented should position this segment to achieve 10% plus margins for the full year of 2009. As this summary indicates, Dover's fourth quarter results reflected very strong performance at our energy platform and several other end markets, including refuse vehicles, aerospace, military, and industrial winches, offset by moderating results across our other end markets. Our bookings and backlog trends indicate to us that we will need to take additional profit maintenance actions in 2009 and we will. In fact, many of those actions are well under way, as Bob will discuss later. Now I'd like to briefly provide some additional financial data. Regarding geographic sales, Dover's mix remained essentially unchanged. Further, the declining growth rates for each region were fairly consistent, giving evidence that the recession is truly global in scope.  Fourth quarter net interest expense was $19.3 million, down from $22.5 million last year, reflecting lower commercial paper rates, a lower debt level, and a favorable investment mix. For the full year, net interest expense was $96 million, an increase of 7% over 2007's expense of $89.6 million. This reflects the incremental debt related to our share repurchase activities.  We continue to have good access to the commercial paper market and our outstanding CP balance at year end was $192 million. Further, we had no direct bank borrowings and have no long-term maturities until 2011 and had over $800 million of cash and cash equivalents at year end. Our net debt to total capitalization was 24.9%, which is down from the prior year end of 27.3%, again reflecting our strong cash generation and our relatively light year in acquisitions.  Turning to taxes, our fourth quarter rate for continuing operations was 21.4%, down 320 basis points from last year, reflecting benefits from settled tax positions, the retroactive extension of the federal R&E credit, and higher earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. For the full year, our tax rate was 26.6%, essentially unchanged from the prior year and right in line with our earlier guidance of 26% to 27%.  Corporate expenses were higher for both the quarter and full year, reflecting increased activities connected with our synergy and global supply chain projects as well as discrete management transition costs. For the quarter, corporate expense was $29.5 million, while the full year number was $115 million. These costs will moderate in 2009. With that, I'd like to turn this call back over to Bob, who will update you on our key initiatives to maintain margin and improve our long-term positioning.
Robert A. Livingston: Thanks, Rob. As I mentioned at the beginning of this call, we experienced a slowdown in business activity in the fourth quarter and are currently facing uncertainty in the global economy. Our internal plans do not anticipate an economic recovery in 2009.  That said, we are committed to manage our businesses with the determination to maintain strong operating margins. The management team and business leaders are focused on this task and are actively implementing restructuring plans.  I'd like to comment now on our synergy activity. At our November '07 investor day we committed to $40 to $60 million of earnings improvement in the 2008 - 2009 timeframe from leverage and synergy initiatives. We have previously discussed the integration of Markem-Imaje, the combination of Norris and Alberta Oil Tool, and the creation of the Pump Solutions Group. These initiatives are on or ahead of schedule and new opportunities are being pursued.  For example, we are consolidating the back office functions of Everett Charles, [DEC] and OK International and are combining our MPG and CPG component companies.  For the fourth quarter, all synergistic activities, including business integrations, resulted in a $0.04 EPS benefit net of cost, and year to date that number of $0.15. We believe our synergy and business integration activities will yield an additional $0.10 to $0.13 of EPS in 2009. We will clearly exceed our two-year synergy goal. Synergy is no longer a special activity at Dover. It is how we manage.  On our previous call, I commented on our new global procurement initiative, which started with a comprehensive review of our supply chain sourcing and spending. We have now almost completed the analysis and prioritization phase and will be launching several projects this year to leverage our procurement and sourcing activities. We expect the total earnings contribution of these projects to be $75 to $100 million in the 2010 and 2011 timeframe. The above initiatives, along with others, are tactical projects which drive stockholder value and benefit Dover over the long term. They are not directly related to the current market dynamics. The current economic climate does require bolder actions and quicker responses. We are committed to protecting profitability, specifically margins, and we are being proactive across all of our businesses. In the fourth quarter of 2008 we incurred restructuring costs of $14 million that yielded saings of approximately $11 million. Two-thirds of the 2008 restructuring costs were absorbed in Industrial Products and Engineered Systems, with the majority of the remaining cost in Electronic Technologies.  For the full year of 2008, we reduced our global work force by 6%. We closed 19 manufacturing facilities. We incurred $27 million of restructuring costs, which saved $35 million in 2008 and will save another $50 million in 2009. And in the first quarter of 2009, we expect to close several more facilities. We will reduce our global work force by another 5%. We will incur additional restructuring charges of about $20 million, with well over half the charges in Electronic Technologies. These actions will provide first quarter savings of $14 million. For the full year 2009, our capacity rationalization efforts and work force reduction of 6% will result in a $40 million restructuring charge. The anticipated full year 2009 benefit of these actions will be approximately $75 million.  In summary, our restructuring activities over 2008 and 2009 will cost over $65 million, with an associated work force reduction of about 4,000 employees or approximately 12% of our global work force. These actions have yielded $35 million of savings in 2008 and will yield another $125 million of savings in 2009.  Though the year presented several challenges, I am extremely proud we continued to focus on two core elements of our long-term value creation strategy - product innovation and talent development. These activities are key to our growth initiatives. In conclusion, our ongoing business improvement programs, such as synergy capture, pricing discipline, lean business practices, and global procurement, put us in an excellent position to leverage our restructuring efforts and to continue to grow our market share.  With that being said, the recession and the uncertainty is a reality. We are forecasting an 11% to 13% decline in revenue for the full year, including a negative currency impact of 3%. We expect Electronic Technologies, Fluid Management and Industrial Products to experience revenue declines slightly in excess of our overall sales forecast, while Engineered Systems should outperform due to solid product ID performance and stable demand for refrigeration equipment and products.  We forecast 2009 EPS to be in the range of $2.75 to $3.05. This guidance does not contemplate any acquisitions, additional share repurchases, or an economic recovery in 2009. From an earnings distribution standpoint, the first quarter will be the weakest due to normal seasonality and restructuring costs, compounded by the prevailing mood of uncertainty and caution. The rest of the year should follow our typical earnings pattern. Recognizing the uncertainties we face, we are fully prepared to take additional actions should the year unfold weaker than our current plans. I believe Dover is a different company than the one that dealt with the recession of 2001 and 2002. First, we have a much different portfolio. Seven years ago we had a higher exposure to capital equipment markets, a much higher exposure to the electronic assembly markets, and an inability to pursue significant synergy. Today we have a more focused mix of businesses participating in more stable end markets and in higher value applications. We have made strategic investments to grow our energy, product identification, electronic components, fluid solutions and industrial winch businesses. Through these actions, recurring revenue has grown to be 25% of total revenue.  We are much leaner, thanks in great part to our focus on margins, working capital and customer service. The result is a company that is much better positioned to respond to this downturn.  In closing, I want to recognize the retirement of Ron Hoffman. Ron was instrumental in laying the groundwork that will enable us to weather this global recession. From his Performance Counts program to his portfolio work, Ron has handed over a company that is less asset intensive, better focused on operational excellence, and more profitable. I personally will miss his insight, his sense of humor and his encouragement. We wish him much health and happiness in his retirement. Lastly, I want to sincerely thank all the Dover employees who have worked very hard to produce our strong results in 2008. It is never easy to work in this type of uncertain environment, and I am very proud of the way our employees have risen to the challenge. I am confident we will make the changes necessary to emerge from this downturn an even better enterprise. With that, I'll turn it back to Paul Goldberg for questions.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks, Bob. At this point, I'd like to ask Kelly to compile the questions, and I'd like to remind everybody to limit your question to one with one follow up so we can get everybody's questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital:  You said you're not anticipating any economic recovery, but can you give us a sense of how you do expect your businesses to flow across the year? I mean, you've had some weakening towards the end of '08 with businesses like Electronic Technologies and energy, I mean, how do you expect them to progress through the course of the year?
Robert A. Livingston: The sales pattern for 2009 should be very consistent with the sales pattern we've shown in the last two or three years, the first quarter typically being the weakest, the second and third quarters typically being the strongest, the fourth quarter a little less than the second and third quarters. We don't see any difference in 2009.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: Okay, so you're not dealing with kind of a sharp inventory correction or something?
Robert A. Livingston: In a few of our businesses, Shannon, we are. I think about - I don't have the data here in front of me, so this is a bit of an attempt at recall - but about 30% to 35% of our business activity around Dover does go through distribution. We know - this is not a guess - we know that there was significant destocking activity with distributors in November and December. We see that continuing in January. We don't believe it'll continue for the next three months, but it is continuing here into the first quarter. At some point we do expect that to level out. That destocking activity with the distributors is probably very pronounced in our results at product ID in the fourth quarter and the Pump Solutions Group. 
Shannon O'Callaghan - Barclays Capital: On the Fluid Management margins, exceptionally strong in the quarter. You gave some feel for what you expect Electronic Technologies margins to be in 2009. When you say maintain strong margins for Fluid Management, can you give us a little more feel for what that means and was there anything unusual in the fourth quarter margin?
Robert G. Kuhbach: Well, let me answer the second question first. There is nothing unusual in the fourth quarter activity at Fluid Management that would have a very positive impact beyond the normal on margins. You're asking for guidance on margins for 2009. Shannon, you know what our metric is. Our metric is 15%. The Fluid Management segment will perform several points higher than our margin metric. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs.
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs:  Can you rank for us your thoughts on use of cash relative to M&A and share buyback in '09?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, acquisition activity was fairly light in 2008. We do expect our acquisition activity to increase in 2009.  Share repurchase will continue to be an economic option for our cash and capital allocation. Having said that, I do believe that it will take a back seat here in the first half of the year to some of our acquisition activity that we do have today in our pipeline.  This is something that we will review with the Board on a quarterly basis. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: And Bob, your acquisitions over the past year have been mostly bolt-ons. Is that still your strategy for 2009? And it sounds like the bid-ask spread in the M&A market is improving based on your comments to the last question here?
Robert A. Livingston: Our four small acquisitions in 2008 were all add-ons, and the bulk of the acquisitions - the majority of the acquisitions - in our pipeline as we speak are add-ons. That will continue to be the focus in 2009. Pricing, we did see pricing moderate in '08. What we didn't see in '08 was a reflection by the sellers of what we viewed the economic conditions to be in 2009 and 2010, so we still saw a little bit of a spread not so much on price expectations but I would call it business expectations. We see that gap narrowing quite a bit here as we go into 2009. Let me give you a follow up comment to your acquisition question. One of the reasons we are very focused on add-on acquisitions both in '08 and '09 going forward is that this does give us a great opportunity to capture synergy and leverage with the existing product portfolio. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: Lastly, what does your guidance assume for pricing and raw material costs in '09?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, input costs from commodities has come down sharply during the second half of '08, even more so in the fourth quarter of '08. We expect to continue to see favorable input costs in '09.  Having said that, we do expect pricing pressures. We do not at this time believe that we will have margin degradation on the spread between the two. 
Jerry Revich - Goldman Sachs: And any potential for positive impact?
Robert A. Livingston: My response would be that that potential exists, but it's not in our plans.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.:  You have a $103.9 million loss in discontinued for the full year. Can you explain what's the biggest factor there?
Robert G. Kuhbach: Bob, the biggest factor there for the full year is that we wrote down our valuation of Trident based on the fact that we initially discontinued it and then have finalized the sale process with the buyer, so the lion's share of that full year number reflects that. The balance is mostly settlement and accruals for federal and state tax resolutions of different sorts. As a practical matter, we go through this process every year, as you know, under FIN 48. So I would say the lion's share of that number really is the writedown of Trident. 
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And in helping us understand just how difficult things might be short term, very short term, your organic growth in Engineered Systems, Electronic Technologies in the fourth quarter strongly negative, where do those go directionally in the first quarter? In other words, are you expecting things to get worse before they get better?
Robert A. Livingston: Two different segments there, Electronic Technologies and Engineered Systems. Let me move on first to Electronic Technologies. Rob comment earlier about our revenue mix from a geographic point of view. Rob, it was pretty obvious that during the fourth quarter, when we looked at our revenue decline across Dover of 8%, the geographic mix was quite different. We actually had about a 3% decline in revenue year-over-year in the fourth quarter in North America, about an 8% decline in Europe, and about a 20% decline in Asia. That decline in Asia was felt at Electronic Technologies in their electronic assembly businesses as well as at Vectron in telecom space.  It was also felt at product ID. As I mentioned earlier to one of the other questions, about 40% of product ID's business is through distributors, perhaps a higher percentage of distributor sales in Asia, and there was significant destocking activities going on in November, December and continuing here in January.  Now, for the first quarter comment, we don't see any improvement at Electronics in the first quarter with respect to order rates. In fact, our plans call for the order rates to be even weaker in the first quarter than they were in the fourth quarter. At Engineered Systems, we believe there's an underlying stability there, that the destocking activity with the distributors in Asia and to a degree in Europe will stabilize early in the year, and the other positive for the first quarter for Engineered Systems is we have loaded very well going into the first quarter for production at Hill PHOENIX. 
Robert G. Kuhbach: Remember, too, Bob, that we basically said that the revenue decline, that the target annual revenue decline percentage is going to be somewhat exceeded by three of the segments, and Engineered Systems will actually have a lower revenue decline. So realistically, to give you some sense of direction, the decline at Engineered Systems on a full year basis is roughly half, in that ballpark, of what the others are likely to see or what the target rate is, let's put it that way. And going back to Electronic Technologies, as Bob said, their first quarter will be their worst quarter, so you're going to see an even sharper decline organically in the first quarter and then it will moderate in the second quarter and it will come back as the third and forth wore on.  But let me just emphasize, as we always do, Bob, our visibility for the first quarter is reasonable; thereafter, it's like everything else, it's more problematic, as everybody in this market is aware.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan:  On the non-energy businesses, the bookings were down I think around 20% in the quarter. Obviously, there's foreign exchange in there, but is there something else? Are there any kind of adjustments or anything like that or is that a good revenue number to think about for kind of the first quarter?
Robert G. Kuhbach: I think that's a good number to use for modeling for the first quarter.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: So the revenues are going to be pretty weak in a pronounced way in the first quarter?
Robert G. Kuhbach: Perhaps, with the exception being Engineered Systems.
Stephen Tusa - J.P. Morgan: And then getting back to the Fluid margin question, several points above 15% is - obviously 24%, even 20% is a very strong number, but several points above 15% - can you maybe just clarify that a little bit because that's a very wide range between 15% and 24%. I'm just curious as to how you see this cycle playing out, given that it's going to turn in the back half of this year assuming oil prices and gas prices stay the way they are. How do we see that margin progressing from peak to trough? Your previous troughs, I think - you know, the segment has changed a little bit - are in the low teens. Do you envision at any point in time this cycle that these margins will get back to kind of that 15% metric? If you could just talk about maybe what's different about the business and why it wouldn't return to those levels this cycle?
Robert A. Livingston: Well, I'm going to restrict my comments to our 2009 expectations rather than deal with the peak to trough comment.  The margins we're planning and looking at for Fluid Management will not be as healthy or as strong as they were in '08. They will be above our metric. You've used two numbers. You said 15% and 24%. I'd pick the midpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC:  Can we talk about, Rob, your inventory moves this year in terms of expectations, where the opportunities are and potentially where, if you feel comfortable giving that metric, where you think the turns could end up 12 months from now.
Robert G. Kuhbach: Wendy, I think the trend rate we've been showing is - we were at 6 - 7 last year; I think we were 7 - 1 this year - I would expect that should improve some although in the short term you're going to see some degradation in that just because of the dynamic in the marketplace. But I would say we would like to believe that by the end of this year we would show some additional progress, whether it's 7.3, 7.4, but, you know, it should continue to show progress, but it will not show progress in the first quarter realistically because of the relatively dramatic falloff in order rates and so forth. So I think you're going to see some moderation in that, and then it'll start picking back up towards the latter half of the year.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: And any specific pockets or is it pretty much across the board?
Robert G. Kuhbach: I would say it's pretty much across the board. I mean, this has become - the Performance Counts program has become heavily embedded in the culture. And I would say there are still areas that are below that number, meaningfully below that number, that are working hard to get to the target and there are still a number of companies that are way above it that are going to continue to make progress, but I would say no significant pockets that are identified at this point.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: And Bob, can you address market share at the company? I know there are a lot of different markets and products, but are there any places where you believe that we've either gained or lost share over the past 12 months and how important is that on a strategic basis to gain share for Dover today and to what lengths would you go to increase your share?
Robert A. Livingston: Let me restrict my response to maybe three or four of our larger companies.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC: That'd be great.
Robert A. Livingston: Okay, let's talk about market share in '08 and then how important it is going forward.  We know obviously that we have captured a little bit of market share at Hill PHOENIX in '08. That's been happening for the last two or three years. We do not anticipate to give back any of the market share in '09. The Knowles business, especially in the MEMS microphone area as it relates to cell phones, continues to gain market share in that application. We expect to see that continue again in 2009. And we've got several companies in our Industrial Products segment - in our winch business, our refuse management - that are very focused on increasing their market share.  Having said that, Wendy, how important is market share in itself? The focus is on growing the earnings and generating the free cash flow. To do that we've got to not only capture market share but it has to be profitable market share. So though market share gains are important and will continue to be important, the focus is on profitable market share gains.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch - Banc of America.
John Inch - Banc of America:  So a lot of numbers were thrown out with respect to restructuring costs and benefits and all the different metrics used. Can we just look at, if you take this stuff all in, what was the net savings realized in 2008 from an earnings standpoint after - pre-tax - and what do you expect the net savings to be in 2009 as it pertains to your guidance? So all in, including absorbed costs, your program, etc.
Robert A. Livingston: All right, well let's let the response be very specific to the restructuring activity.
John Inch - Banc of America: Sure.
Robert A. Livingston: 2008, full year, we incurred $27 million of restructuring costs, and picked up, as a result of that restructuring activity, $35 million of savings, pre-tax savings, in '08. 
John Inch - Banc of America: Which were realized, Bob?
Robert A. Livingston:  Realized. 
John Inch - Banc of America: So that's not an annualized number? 
Robert A. Livingston: That was realized in '08. Now that restructuring activity in '08 that cost us $27 million and generated savings in '08 of $35 million, we see that generating another flow-through into '09 generating savings of $50 million. That's not incremental; that's the $35 million plus $15 million equals $50 million in 2009.
John Inch - Banc of America:  So $15 million incremental, okay.
Robert A. Livingston: $15 million incremental.
Robert G. Kuhbach: It's a total of $50 million. In '09, we're looking at $40 million of restructuring charges. I commented earlier that a full $20 million of that will incur in the first quarter. The remaining $20 million, John, will be primarily in the second quarter. There may be a few million that goes into the third quarter, but most of it's going to be incurred in the first half. That $40 million of restructuring charges and the related activities in the first and second quarters will generate a full year benefit in '09 that we'll actually book of $75 million in savings.  So when we look at the two years together, our plans show $125 million of savings that we'll book in '09 as a result of the restructuring activities taken in '08 and in the first half of '09.
John Inch - Banc of America: Incrementally, it sounds like there's about $0.35 to $0.40, which maybe helps to explain why your EPS is where you're setting it versus what's happening in your top line. Is that a fair statement?
Robert G. Kuhbach: That's a very fair statement.
John Inch - Banc of America: I want to go back to the whole philosophy around share repurchase. And I understand that you're an acquisitive company but, Bob, you're sort of looking at this from a pair of fresh eyes and, to the outside observer, I mean, Dover, well, you know, maybe you had loaded up earlier in the decade too much on some of the semicon stuff and that's out and you're still sort of taking writedowns, whether it be for Trident or other things.  I guess I don't fully understand why, if you spent all this money last year buying your stock at $46 and depending on sort of where things average, your stock's down considerably, I mean, $20 below that threshold, why is share repurchase taking a back seat? Are there just things that are so attractive out there right now or perhaps are you, I think, going back to an earlier question, I mean what are the opportunities to perhaps do a larger deal, create a new platform or kick in something that really sort of needs to be added with respect to product or geographic share opportunity or something like that. 
Robert A. Livingston: Okay. That's a multilayered question. Let me remind you that my previous comment about share repurchase and acquisition activity, I was restricting that comment to the first half of the year. Okay?  At the current time we do believe based upon what's in the pipeline and in anticipation of some things that will happen here over the next few months that we will have some more attractive acquisition opportunities to look at here in the first half and to perhaps close on than we did in '08. And we're rather positive on that right now, John. As I said earlier as well, the share repurchase will compete economically with our acquisition program, and this is something that we will review with the Board on an ongoing basis. This will be a topic at our February Board meeting.  My comment about share repurchase, again, taking a back seat in the first few months of the year.
Robert G. Kuhbach: I think the other thing, John, just to make an obvious observation is that for the first couple of months, at least, we're going to be cautious on our balance sheet situation given the highly uncertain economic climate. We think we've got a very strong balance sheet. We're delevering consciously for the time being, in part because we want to make sure we can manage the process through the next several months. So I think on top of the opportunities in the acquisition area is just a caution about not, you know, considering much of a leveraging situation at least in the near term. So for at least the first quarter, I think we're going to be cautious and then we'll see how it plays out as we move into the second quarter.
John Inch - Banc of America: Just lastly, Bob, when Ron got there I guess in '05, as part of his assessment of the company you guys went through a fairly large divestiture, discontinued ops program, much of it being in the electronics businesses. For the past few months, have you looked at your portfolio? Are you satisfied, whether it be Paladin or some of the other businesses, do you like what you see with respect to the platforms or should we be looking for some other changes? How would you contrast today versus what happened when Ron took over?
Robert A. Livingston: I like very much the organizational structure and our platform structure that we have today and the company portfolio that we have. It is much stronger and a much better positioned company portfolio than we had, that Ron has given me versus what he inherited five years ago. Will there be selective decisions this year, next year, the year after, with respect to divestitures? Yes, that will be an ongoing part of our process. Should you anticipate a new platform this year? No. Should you anticipate a major divestiture this year? No.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott David - Morgan Stanley.
Scott David - Morgan Stanley:  Most of my questions have been answered, but I wanted to ask a little bit just to follow up on previous questions, what size of deals do you find to be in your sweet spot right now because the deals in '08 were relatively small. And then what do you view as your total buying power in a normalized situation? I understand that it's fluid right now and you may have to preserve some capital in the near term, but what do you think the balance sheet allows in kind of a normalized environment at this point?
Robert A. Livingston: Again, let me try to deal with your questions one at a time. The sweet spot of a deal size, I'm assuming you're referring to the price.
Scott David - Morgan Stanley: I'm actually just referring to total size of the transaction. I mean, if you want to reference price, that's helpful as well.
Robert A. Livingston: I would say that the sweet spot on a deal size from a revenue point of view, the size of the target, $50 to $125 million would fall in the sweet spot. The price is going to be dependent upon the business and the earnings stream, but that would, from an add-on acquisition focus - 
Scott David - Morgan Stanley: Are you seeing any - not to jump in before you finish the answers - are you seeing the type of transaction prices that you saw six, seven years ago, that 5 - 6 times EBITDA?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes.
Scott David - Morgan Stanley: With a solid asset - you're starting to see that again?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes.
Scott David - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I'm sorry to interrupt. You can finish the question on the total buying power.
Robert A. Livingston: Total buying power, there's two parts to that. One is the free cash flow generation we'll have this year. And, after peeling off the cash for our dividend program, that would leave you with about $550 - $600 million of free cash flow for either share repurchase or acquisitions, and this is before we add any debt to our balance sheet. And we do have a fairly comfortable debt to capital ratio right now.
Scott David - Morgan Stanley: Right. So theoretically you could do a billion dollars or so of acquisitions.
Robert G. Kuhbach: We have capacity - 
Robert A. Livingston: You said that, not me.
Scott David - Morgan Stanley: Okay, just kind of back of the envelope. And then lastly just to clarify, product ID came in substantially weaker than one of your key competitors in the quarter and I was just understanding there's some differences in the businesses, but were there any major contract shifts or anything that may explain some of the delta between you and your primary competitor that I'm thinking of?
Robert A. Livingston: Not that I'm aware of. I commented earlier about our destocking activity that we have seen during the fourth quarter and so far here in January with distributors. Product ID, their overall business is about 40% - 45% distribution. It is a much higher percentage in Asia. And, as I commented earlier, our revenue decline in Asia was significantly higher in the fourth quarter than our year-over-year declines in the U.S. and in Europe. And this was felt very much so at product ID and a significant piece of this was the destocking activity by the distributors. Full year for product ID was much more attractive on the revenue line than what we shared with you here in the fourth quarter. 
Scott David - Morgan Stanley: Just out of curiosity, I've always suspected that the distributors in Asia are a little bit less sophisticated so maybe more apt to have wide inventory swings?
Robert A. Livingston: Correct.
Scott David - Morgan Stanley: And not quite understand the cycle, not control their inventory levels. You would agree with that?
Robert A. Livingston: Yes.
Paul E. Goldberg: Thanks. If there are no more questions, this will conclude our conference call and we'll be very happy to speak with you next quarter. Thanks for your participation.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's third quarter 2008 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of IR Ronald L. Hoffman - CEO Robert G. Kuhbach - VP, Finance and CFO Robert A. Livingston - President and COO
Analysts: Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch Robert F. McCarthy - R.W.Baird Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley Wendy B. Caplan - Wachovia Securities Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Steve Tusa - JP Morgan
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2008 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ron Hoffman, Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation; Bob Livingston, President and Chief Operating Officer of Dover Corporation; Rob Kuhbach, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Dover Corporation; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's third quarter earnings call. With me today are Ron Hoffman, Dover's Chief Executive Officer; Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Operating Officer; and Rob Kuhbach, our VP of Finance and CFO. Today's call will begin with some comments from Ron, Rob and Bob on Dover's operating and financial performance. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through 5 p.m. on November 5th, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 1800-642-1687. When accessing the playback, you will need to supply the following reservation code, 66431188. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. With that, I'd like to turn this call over to Ron.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining today's conference call. It's been a very challenging financial and business climate since our last conference call. In these unstable times, we believe companies like Dover with a strong balance sheet, high quality earnings, proven capital allocation discipline and the vision for profitable future growth will be best positioned to weather turbulent economic times. Today, Dover recorded solid third quarter results. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.01, up 13% over the prior year and the first quarterly three-digit EPS in Dover's history. Third quarter revenues were $2 billion, up 5% over the previous year with net earnings from continuing operations of 5% to $190 million. Year-to-date, revenue was $5.8 billion, up 8%, while net earnings from continuing operations was $525 million, up 6%. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year were $2.76, up 14% over the previous year. Our operating companies continued their relentless pursuit of attaining the Dover metrics. Operating margin for the quarter was 15.9%, up 30 basis points over the prior year, reflecting strong leverage at Electronic Technologies and Fluid Management. We posted our best working capital sales of 18.4%, driven by record inventory turns of 7.0. Dover's inventory turns have improved each of the past four years and are among the best in our peer group. These results give us great confidence that our management teams are properly focused on internal improvement initiatives that will continue to be enhanced with our focus on synergy capture. Bookings for the quarter were 1.9 billion, up 5% over the previous year, led by strong growth at the Energy, Fluid Solutions, and Material Handling platforms. Monthly bookings during the quarter rebounded in September after a weak August. Backlog was $1.5 billion, down 4% from last year, but up 3% from 2007 year-end. Dover's 5.4% quarterly revenue growth consisted of 2.8% organic growth, net acquisitions accounted for eight-tenths per percent and the impact of foreign exchange was 1.8%. Organic growth for the full year is 3.6%. Dover generated very strong quarterly free cash flow of $306 million or 15.6% of revenue, driven by increased earnings, continued improvements in working capital and lower cash tax payments. Year-to-date, we have generated $607 million of free cash flow, up 42%. From a strategic capital allocation perspective, Dover repurchased $114 million of Dover stock during the quarter and completed its previously announced $500 million share repurchase program. Over the past 12 months, Dover has repurchased $1 billion of shares and reduced its share count by approximately 10%. During the third quarter, we increased our quarterly dividend by 25% to $0.25 per share. This marked the 54th year in a row that Dover has increased its annual dividend. Dover continues to be highly disciplined in evaluating potential acquisitions as we focus on synergistic add-ons within our targeted platforms and segments. We are reviewing a number of acquisition opportunities but none were closed in the third quarter. Acquisitions are and will remain a key component of Dover's growth strategy and we are encouraged by our pipeline of opportunities. Dover's conservative financial posture, solid balance sheet and strong cash generation has served our shareholders well doing the current credit crises. Our strong A1 P1 credit rating has allowed Dover to roll its commercial paper on a consistent and timely basis and issue CP upgrades [ph] that are significantly lower than LIBOR based bank borrowings. Our current CP balance of $375 million is supported by a $1 billion five-year credit facility that doesn't expire until 2012. Overall, we are confident in our ability to fund the growth of our ongoing business and believe our strong credit and liquidity profile is a competitive advantage for funding our future growth initiatives. With that, I'd like t turn the call over to Rob Kuhbach, so he can update you on our segment performance.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Ron. Good morning everyone. I'd like to quickly run through our segment performance this morning, and then cover some additional financial information. At the Industrial Products segment, sales were $630 million, up 6% over last year with earnings of $75 million, down 4% from the third quarter of '07. Operating margin was 11.9%, down 120 basis points from last year, largely driven by moderating market conditions and restructuring charges. Within Industrial Products, sales in our Material Handling platform increased 4%, while earnings decreased 4%. The revenue growth largely reflected recent acquisitions and the earnings performance was primarily driven by soft auto and construction markets, and a significant ongoing restructuring at Paladin. This restructuring effort will enhance Paladin's competitive position in the challenging infrastructure markets it serves. Material Handling military and energy related markets should continue to perform well but we do not anticipate any meaningful improvement in its automotive or construction businesses for the balance of the year. The Mobile Equipment platform recorded 9% higher sales with earnings up 2%. This sales improvement was driven by continued strength in solid waste and military trailer markets, offset by declining sales in the automotive service sector and weak North American tank trailer demand. While we do expect the auto service sector to continue to be challenged as we finish the year, we believe strong orders with military and solid waste customers will buoy this platform. Turning to the Engineered Systems segment; sales were $525 million and earnings were $82 million, both down 3% from last year, producing an operating margin of 15.6%, unchanged over the prior year and up 70 basis points sequentially. Our Product Identification platform again was a solid performer with sales up 3%, while earnings were 2% lower, largely reflecting product mix and the impact of foreign currency. Our direct coding business continues to be a consistent performer with over 50% of its sales coming from consumables. The Engineered Products platform, although posting a decrease in both sales and earnings year-over-year of 7% and 8% respectively, held its operating margins at 15.5%. As expected, most of the food equipment and packaging companies had lower sales and earnings, partially offset by strong revenue growth at our heat exchanger business. Our expectation is that these trends will continue through the fourth quarter. Turning to our Fluid Management segment, results continue to be strong with revenue of $452 million, up 21% over last year, reflecting organic growth of 15.6% for the quarter. Third quarter earnings of $102 million were up 29% over the prior year period and operating margins were 22.6%, up 150 basis points over last year and 70 basis points sequentially. Our Energy platform continues to perform at an exceptionally high level across all companies. Third quarter revenue increased 26% and earnings for the platform increased 38%. Globally, strong oil and gas consumption trends and new power generation products continue to provide a positive climate and outlook for these companies. Although double-digit sales and earnings gains over the prior year were again posted at all energy companies, we do expect these trends to moderate during the balance of the year. The Fluid Solutions platform posted strong quarterly revenue and earnings gains of 14% and 20% respectively. Global demand for pumps and downstream fueling products continue to drive this platform. Additionally, the benefits from the formation and integration of our Pump Solutions Group will bolster future performances. Although demand has begun to slow in some end markets, we believe that the year will end on a strong note thanks to a healthy backlog and effective internal profit improvement programs. Electronic Technologies segment had another solid quarter. While revenue was $362 million, essentially flat with last year, earnings were $54 million, up 6% and margin was 14.9%, an improvement of 90 basis points year-over-year and 150 basis points sequentially. Knowles was once again the leading performer for Electronic Technologies. Overall, we continue to see solid demand for hearing aid components, and growth in MEMS microphones, and military products. The balance of our markets experienced spotty demand and we are not anticipating any improvement in business levels in the printed circuit board and semiconductor markets in the fourth quarter. As this summary indicates, Dover's third quarter results reflected a very strong performance at Fluid Management with support from Electronic Technologies, which more than offset modest year-over-year declines at the Industrial Products and Engineered Systems segments. Bookings and backlogs are generally consistent with these results. Regarding geographic sales, Dover's mix versus the prior quarter remained essentially unchanged. Sequentially, European and Asian revenue moderated slightly during the third quarter, reflecting the impact of currency translation as well as softness in select markets, particularly automotive and specialty packaging equipment. With respect to restructuring initiatives, we continue to do the right things across our segments. During the third quarter, we effectively absorbed about $6 million in restructuring expenses. Year-to-date these efforts surpassed $13 million. We do expect fourth quarter restructuring cost to be similar to those of the third quarter, and we anticipate the payback from these efforts will be less than 12 months. Further, our operating companies are fully prepared to take additional actions, should conditions want. Having reviewed the segments, I'd like to briefly provide some additional financial data. Third quarter interest expense was roughly $26 million, up from $22.5 million last year. This reflects the incremental debt related to our share repurchase activities. Our net debt to total capitalization was 27.4%, which was essentially flat to prior year end. Year-to-date CapEx was $133 million, basically flat with last year, driven largely by investment in the Energy platform. We do expect to see CapEx spending moderate over the fourth quarter. Turning to taxes; our third quarter rate was 25.7%, down 90 basis points from last year, reflecting benefits from settle tax positions and higher earnings and lower tax jurisdictions. We continue to expect the full year rate to be between 26% and 27%, reflecting the recently enacted retroactive extension of the Federal RNE credit. Corporate expenses where higher, reflecting increased consulting and discreet management transition costs. With that, I'd like to turn this call over to Bob Livingston who will update you on the key initiatives taking place across Dover.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Rob. Good morning everyone. When I spoke to you last quarter, I said, we would be pushing an agenda of synergy capture across Dover and keeping a close eye on material cost escalation. I'd like to update you on our progress on both fronts and comment on additional programs we are implementing to help drive shareholder value. These structural initiatives are more important than ever as we face a slowing global economy, a slowdown that we are not immune to. At our November 2007 Investor Day, we committed to $40 million to $60 million of earnings improvements in the '08-'09 timeframe from leverage and synergy opportunities. I am pleased to report that these initiatives are very much on track. The integration of Markem-Imaje is entering its final phase, focused on ERP consolidation and back office synergies. Fully one-third of the aforementioned earnings improvement commitment is being delivered by the Markem-Imaje integration. It should also be noted that Markem-Imaje has continued to post several consecutive quarters of year-over-year revenue growth, while executing on this global integration. The integration of Norris and Alberta Oil Tool, significant business units within our Energy platform, is also proceeding on schedule. This initiative has not only reduced cost and improved yields, but has provided a significant increase in production output and capacity. The Pump Solutions Group is a combination of two long time Dover companies; Wilden and Blackmer and the 2008 add-on acquisitions, Neptune and Griswold. The synergy opportunities resulting from this combination and integration activity are not just limited to supply chain and plant rationalization. We are very enthused by the revenue synergy opportunities at PSG. Bottom-line, we are confident the synergies benefits will exceed our initials targets. We have defined additional business combinations and integrations initiatives which will offer incremental benefits beyond those previously described. In the third quarter, our synergistic activities, including business integration and procurement initiatives, resulted in a $0.05 EPS benefit and year-to-date that number is $0.11. On the materials front, the quarter unfolded much the way we thought it would. Material cost, especially steel, continued to climb for the first two months of the quarter and began to moderate during September. Our pricing initiatives of the past few quarters including the most recent have enabled us to largely cover our increased commodity cost, although contractual obligations and competitive situations preclude 100% coverage. Going forward, we expect a continuing moderation of material costs reflecting the weakening global economy. We are also implementing other value creating initiatives within Dover. One key initiative is a comprehensive review of our procurement and supply chain processes. This project will identify sourcing and supply chain opportunities beyond those currently being pursued within the four segments. This initiative is rolling out across Dover and involves significant effort in the form of data capture, analytics and training. We expect a potential earnings contribution of this program to be on a scale similar to the synergy initiatives we discussed last year at Dover Day. Another key program we are implementing is a formal processing tool kit for post merger integration or PMI. Dover has a positive track record of integrating companies, including integrations at Waukesha and Tulsa Winch and the more recent activities at Microwave Products Group, Vectron and Markem-Imaje. Building on these experiences, we now have a standardized process of planning and managing acquisition integrations and measuring the results. The tools in processes of our new PMI program will measurably improve the success of our acquisition program. In summary, we have an agenda of leverage and leadership. We will leverage the significant scale of Dover to ensure we optimize the results and activities of our businesses. Leadership is the engine that drives our success forward. Through empowerment, quick decision making, and wise judgment, our leaders have shown there mettle by already taking significant steps in anticipation of this slowdown. We have reduced workforces where necessary, eliminated excess capacity, and cut discretionary cost where applicable. Our focus on leverage and leadership will continue to drive value creation for our shareholders. With that update, I will now turn it back to Ron.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Bob for that great report on our internal initiatives that will drive future shareholder value for Dover. I believe you are thinking about all the right things; especially synergy capture, leverage and leadership. Looking forward, Dover along with every other industrial company is concerned about the slowing global economy. We are feeling the economic slowdown in many facets of our business, such as auto services, food service equipment and construction related equipment. As we analyze Dover's preparedness to deal with changes in the economy, we are very pleased that we completely realigned our business portfolio over the past three years and targeted global companies that serve a very broad customer base, with recurring revenues. We expect our unique broad based energy platform to continue to lead Dover's value creation. Our Product Identification platform is best in class, and our Fluid Solutions platform, has a strong global footprint. Our businesses has supplied fit [Ph] related products such as Warn, Tulsa Winch, Microwave Products Group, Sargent and Heil Trailer, will provide some buffer to the economic cycle. Exciting new product design wins in the cell phone and audio headphone markets will continue to drive future growth at Knowles. New solar and power generation applications at deck [ph] to Waukesha Bearings, new products that support the sustainability initiatives of customers at Hill Phoenix, Marathon and Hydro will fuel our future growth. Combined with these new product development activities, our business leaders are displaying their leadership by taking the necessary actions to minimize the impact of a slowing economy. We can already see the benefits of these decisions in our improved operating margins, strong cash generation and enhanced working capital statistics. The strong focus on synergy capture and the key business improvement initiatives, as outlined by Bob, will optimize the future results of Dover. The fourth quarter will have unique challenges, but I remain confident that Dover will deliver on our earlier guidance of 12% annual EPS growth for 2008. In closing, I want to recognize the retirement on Bob Tyre, Dover's Vice President of Corporate Development, who has been the court man for Dover's acquisition program for the last 14 years. Many of the current Dover companies are here today due to Bob's expertise and guidance. Bob's unwavering commitment to Dover will surely be missed and we wish him much health and happiness in his retirement. Assuming Bob's responsibilities for M&A program will be Steve Sellhausen who was hired in March. Steve brings extensive M&A experience and his already fully engaged in leading our acquisition activity. Lastly, I want to sincerely thank all the Dover employees who have worked very hard to produce our results and I am confident that they will embrace the changes necessary to drive future growth at Dover. With that, I'll turn it back to Paul Goldberg for questions.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: Thanks Ron. At this point I'd like to ask Kelly to compile the questions and just quickly remind you that we'd like you to limit your questions to one with a follow-up so we can get everybody's questions answered. Kelly, please compile the questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Nigel Coe with Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Nigel
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Nice margin performance this quarter by the way.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Nigel
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: So, on the Energy front, you obviously go from strength to strength that re-drove the performance this quarter. It's all about some moderation in 4Q, you'd be aware there is lot when you consider '09. Can you just maybe add a bit of color on how you are seeing 2009?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Well Nigel, we're not prepared to talk about 2009 on our call today. We are in the process of developing our budgets for 2009 and all of our operating companies that you rolled up at the segment level. We will review that information during the latter part in November and early December. So we're really not prepared to talk about '09 today. But I am sure it'll reflect the current environment of the economy.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay. But when you talk about moderation in 4Q, are we talking about that a deceleration in growth rate. So, I assume a bit more on that front?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: I would say Nigel overall we're probably talking about moderation. I mean if look at our first three quarters of the year, Energy continues to have had strong improvement quarter-over-quarter. But overall the trend is probably been moderating and I think we're anticipating that growth factor to continue in that general vein. So, we're not expecting a big fall off but we are expecting some moderation selectively in the energy space.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then as a follow-up on the buybacks. Obviously you've been very accretive over the last couple of years. You've got a strong balance sheet. It seems that the credit conditions are improving somewhat. So, how you think about free cash flow deployment going forward?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: I think we are confident, Nigel that we'll continue to generate free cash flow double-digit growth in our revenue. We will continue to evaluate paying down debt versus buying back shares versus using up our acquisitions as we always have. I think in this environment, we'll probably continue to look at paying down our debt first and foremost. We will come back into the share repurchase market if we think it's a good economic use of our cash, but we're not announcing a program today.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Inch with Merrill Lynch.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Good morning
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, John.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Maybe start with a question for Bob. The high end of the $40 million to $60 million of synergy I think if my math is right, it's about $0.22. Yeah, you've called out sort of $0.11 year-to-date, presumably you're going to get some more benefit in the fourth quarter. Does that suggest that the synergy benefit from these initiatives declines in terms of an absolute contribution in 2009? Or how should we think about that?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, the number that we provided at Dover Day last year, the $40 million to $60 million target, we have achieved on schedule. I would say we are ahead of schedule with respect to our targets from a year ago. I wouldn't expect the benefits to decline next year. I think we still have several more months of benefit to capture, especially with the Markem-Imaje integration. But John, I would also tell you looking back on the targets we provided a year ago; we felt at the time that we needed to sort of prove it to ourselves that they were conservative estimates.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: As you always at the time while expected the targets to ramp in the sense that you implement the initiatives and then you get increasing benefits or was this more a front loaded benefit because you pickup some low hanging food and then you fall into may be a little bit of softer incremental contribution in the following year?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think our growth and our capture will continue over the next two quarters and then I would label it as more of sustaining effort on those initial synergy projects that we identified at Dover Day last year
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. The question is also is on technologies. If we prospectively roll into a very weak Christmas holiday retail season, has that already been reflected in the results of technologies or does that get potentially a lot worse in the fourth quarter, maybe Ron could you just talk a little bit about how the business ties in and sort of how you... you've been through these cycles before, I mean how we should think about this cycle versus prior cycles for that segment?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Bob would add more color but I would say that typically, as you know John historically the technology group normally sees a first quarter pullback from the fourth quarter. It is a weaker let's say running into the Christmas season and perhaps it was a year ago in terms of momentum. Our companies have held up quite well in that regard for most of this year. I think that we're seeing is the semicon markets a little bit soft and I don't think we anticipate this being a knockdown Christmas season. So, there will be some moderation back to first quarter but we really can't call '09 yet at all.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: And John just to add another comment, traditionally the fourth quarter has net been a strong quarter for the equipment companies.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Right.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Within the electronic sector. We typically see the build out for capacity and technology changes occurring during the year prior to the Christmas build. The fourth quarter for us, here for this year, we would still expect to see some; I call it a normal seasonal patterns with respect to the equipment companies. Sort of offsetting that is our play and the diverse that we with the military and our communication infrastructure, as well as the strong participation that Knowles has. We are not expecting a sharp pullback in the fourth quarter.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: John, I would also just drive your eye to how well margins held up in that area and how well we've improved over the couple of years. I think the business cycle, should it deteriorate, we really don't see a product going back to the levels that you would have looked at on our historic performance sort of five to ten years ago. I think we really have a much better portfolio now, much more focused on business combinations we've put together that improve the cost base. So I think the margin will hold up much better.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Yes. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question from Robert McCarthy with Robert Baird.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Rob.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Rob.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hello?
Robert F. McCarthy - R.W.Baird: Can you hear me okay?
Unidentified Company Representative: Now, we can.
Robert F. McCarthy - R.W.Baird: Sorry. I didn't realize which direction the mute button was going. Bob, your discussion of the procurement program and the idea that you think you can realize comparable as we try to take as, what, at least $50 million of incremental benefit. Can you provide some kind of a timeline over which you think you might be able to realize those benefits?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Rob, I would call it the initial phase of this project is underway now. The initial phase being, I will call it assessment and opportunity identification. We won't have this initial phase completed until near year-end or even going into early in the first quarter.
Robert F. McCarthy - R.W.Baird: Okay.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: The benefits that we expect, I would say... again I'd like to think that we're going to be conservative in this, but we do expect those benefits to be at least equal to the benefits we identified a year ago at Dover Day on our synergy opportunities at that time. From a timing point of view, I think you need to look at this is starting to occur in the second half of '09 with most of this being a benefit in the 2010 period.
Robert F. McCarthy - R.W.Baird: But not crazy to think that you might realize most of your objective in 2010?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Robert F. McCarthy - R.W.Baird: Yeah, okay. And Ron, I'll just bolt together two little ones, one a follow-up or a clarification, and then get back in queue. One, could you share with us when the scheduled Board Meeting is at which you might seek an incremental share repurchase authorization? And the clarification I wanted to ask about, Rob, I kind of got the idea that what you're communicating about the Energy platform is the likelihood of a sequential revenue decline in the fourth quarter.
Unidentified Company Representative: That is I think what Rob referred to is that we anticipate that the fourth quarter bill is slower than the third quarter in terms of activity level. Our next Board Meeting of course is in November, but we're not going to comment about share repurchases at this point. That's something that's up to Board's discretion and discussion, but we're certainly aren't going to air it out over the phone.
Robert F. McCarthy - R.W.Baird: No, of course. I just wanted to understand the timing of when that could occur.
Unidentified Company Representative: I would also mention that we have a standing authorization for share repurchase that we have still on the book. So, it's not a case that we don't have the ability to do something if that were to be decided at the Board Meeting.
Robert F. McCarthy - R.W.Baird: What's still outstanding Bob or Rob on the existing authorization?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think it's in the range of $8 million to $10 million. We authorized $10 million a couple of years ago, and I think it's down to about $8 million.
Robert F. McCarthy - R.W.Baird: Yeah.
Unidentified Company Representative: Buybacks last year were separate in discrete events. So they were not a deduct from the standing authorization we had authorized two or three years ago.
Robert F. McCarthy - R.W.Baird: Okay. Thanks for refreshing us on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning. Just had a couple of clarifications. Ron, I guess the 12% earnings growth for full year versus 12% plus. I just want to be to clear that you're pulling off the plus component of it and if that's the case, tremendous market and understandable. I think the implication for 4Q is $0.87. Can you clarify there for us?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Well, I live by our 12% guidance. I mean we've been saying Cluster and Eurack [ph] would probably say plus again. We could argue about where is the thick plus side or the thin plus side, Terry. But I think what we're doing, we're displaying our confidence that the guidance we gave you earlier this year, we stay true to that guidance, and we believe we will deliver on that.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: Hey Terry, its Paul. Just to be crystal clear on this. The 12% guidance was off our last year number before we stated financials. So the base was 322. What you would do is add 12% on top of that, and then add $0.04 for the impact of the restated financials that we had. So that's the number. And if I do a quick math in my head, your $0.87 doesn't compute to me.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. That's helpful. And maybe we have a similar answer to this next question which is, if I look at the operating margins presented in the queue that was released this morning, you are presenting it pretty flat year-over-year but the last page of the slide is indicating margins for a full year, up 10 or 25 basis points which would suggest very substantial year-over-year margin improvement in the fourth quarter. I'm probably missing something now. I wonder if you can clarify there as well.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I think we said our margins were up 30 basis points year-over-year during the quarter and I think on balance, we believe we've had a better year than last year. We see fourth quarter totaling up reasonably well. We will see some deterioration because of the charges that might relate to restructuring related to changes we'll have to make to align our self to the new economic reality. But we still feel pretty jolly good about our margins. We believe the programs we've put in place are solid, are well grounded and that we're going to be able to build on those over time.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think we're expecting fourth quarter margins to be relatively consistent with last year's fourth quarter margins.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: That would put our full year margins ahead of last year by the range we've put on that last slide in our forecast for the balance of the year.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: So, if you look at year-over-year, we're probably going to be... last year's fourth quarter margins were 14.6%; we think we'll be within range of that fourth quarter this year. That will put our full year range slightly higher than last year full year range.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks for that. And then on the deceleration in organic in the fourth quarter, I'm wondering if you can just give us a little more color by division. You had mentioned you'd seen some softness in the energy related businesses that obviously was a very strong organic number in 3Q and probably one of the ones that's driving the decal overall in the fourth quarter. But could you talk about the various segments? A little bit more color there.
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me comment on energy if I may, quite candidly, we are saying that we would anticipate some slowdown from the 15% year-over-year growth rate that we talked about in this earnings release. But I still think we're bullish overall on our energy market over any course of time. It's obvious that we've loved the energy market and the results just dropped it over. But energy is not a meaningful business from the economic slowdown. I think that it will fair better than many industries that we serve. Today, we talk about $70, I think 70 to 90 is probably a more realistic number than the 145 we saw earlier in the year. I think the credit crunch will have some impact on the second and third tier drillers that serve the oil patch. There are estimates that are saying they might see a drop off at 10 to 15% in active rigs in 2009 and I think you have to always put an eye on that. But also an eye we watch is the number of feet drilled which impacts the activity level for us. As we look inside our energy companies, certainly Knowles, AOT, Ferguson Beauregard are all production driven and we think that demand for artificial lift, the automation that those people bring forward will probably continue to be utilized in all cycles of the oil patch. U.S. synthetics and coarse dine which bring technology to the drill patch and dive an insert bit [ph], special sensors. These are things that will continue to be utilized by whatever oil and gas well drilling goes on. Our core compression group which is our gas equipment group, they really serve not the drill related markets but they transmission production of natural gas and that's kind of a recurring revenue theme and typically those things get some recurrent cycles which increase that business in a slowing economy. So hope that will help you a little bit in the oil patch. We believe that long-term, the world oil demand profile, the fast depilation rates of gas oil wells certainly not going to change the macro dynamics of petroleum market and who knows what the U.S. is going to display. But typically, they display a trait that every time that the cost of fuel goes down, but pumps, the number miles driven tends to go up. So we'll see what happens in this cycle.
Unidentified Company Representative: I would take, Terry, at a higher level given what we have told you about the full year expectation is obviously organic growth will likely be approaching zero overall. And most of the positives will all be in the Energy and the Fluid Management space, and the mix among the others will be largely consistent with third quarter, where most of the... the line share of our organic growth really came out of energy, and out of fluid management taken as a whole. So, Paul, can go over that some detail when you guys talk separately about the detail. But I would say that the pattern you saw on the third quarter the relative mix of where we got our organic growth which was heavily in Fluid Management will be consistent in the fourth quarter.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Davis with Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Scott.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: I was hoping we could dig into the restructuring actions a little bit and more from a function of quantifying, I guess the magnitude is just kind of more of a pay-as-you-go or just something bigger going on here like Hill Phoenix significant, obviously that business is suffering right now. And maybe a little bit of granularity there because that could help us forecast for '09 of course.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Scott good morning, this is Bob. First I would, your comment about pay-as-you-go, this has been what we have been doing all year long. We've actually had some restructuring charges and headcount reductions selectively even starting in the first quarter; that has picked up in different areas of the business during the second quarter. The activity was at bit a higher level in the third quarter. We expect the restructuring activities to continue in the fourth quarter, sort of at the same pace we saw in the third quarter. We're not taking any special charges for this activity it is pay-as-you-go. And we believe that the companies are well positioned, well prepared to take some additional actions here in the fourth quarter or the first quarter as conditions want.
Unidentified Company Representative: Scott, I would say is the lion share of what we're anticipating in the fourth quarter is predominantly in Industrial Products, where we some plan consolidation efforts underway and somewhat similarly in Electronic Technologies where we have further consolidations. So those are probably the bigger of the two areas for the fourth quarter. And those will relate to both physical plan consolidations and some anticipated headcount reduction.
Unidentified Company Representative: As Bob said, I was not looking to take a dig across the board, charge or something in that order of magnitude.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Would you characterize this as substantially more aggressive than during the year. I mean I guess a better way to ask the question I suppose is just to say can you quantify it? Are we talking $10 million? Are we are talking 20?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think the quarter we're talking we mentioned that the fourth quarter would be consistent with the third quarter which was about $6 million, $7 million in that range. And the headcount reduction will probably be somewhat higher in the fourth quarter than we've had year-to-date. So I would say year-to-date in headcount we've probably been in the range of 800 to 1000 people. We would anticipate the headcount potential reduction would be similar to that in the fourth quarter. So I would say it's probably accelerating somewhat. The total number for the year is in the range of about $18 million to $19 million. But these programs are done by companies. So we've been working on the roll up. But that's the current estimate for the year right now.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then lastly, the Product ID business and you folks have some pretty good historicals to help you understand the cyclicality of this business. It was still up 3% in the quarter. How does that business typically hold out if we are facing the global slowdown that's some of us think we're walking into a pretty tough period here. Would you expect that that business is... I know, fair amount of its consumer related, so, how kind of bad does bad get when things are all over in that business?
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, keep in mind that 50% or little bit more than 50% of our revenue in the Product ID Group is recurring revenue, mostly in the form of consumables. And this business will not be immune to a slowdown in the economy. The slowdown would probably be felt more quickly with the sale of new applications, new equipment. There is a big, a large significant part of the equipment sales that would be replacement sales. But I think the business should hold up very well as well as the margins holding up very well during a slowdown.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: That helps but not as much as I was hoping. I mean does it ever get to significant negative territory when times are bad if you go back and look in kind of the 20 year data stream?
Unidentified Company Representative: It has never done that.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Good. Thank you guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: It is a high consumable size, Scott that holds the margins up in that territory.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: I got you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Wendy Caplan with Wachovia Securities.
Wendy B. Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Hi. Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Wendy.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Wendy.
Wendy B. Caplan - Wachovia Securities: I was interested in your comment that things sort of fell... Ron your comment about things sort of falling off in August, which one would assume seasonally or on a vacation basis, European vacation basis. But seem to go a little better in September. Can you give us some more detail on that, please?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think with the probably the mindset of most people is that business continues to get worse over time. And I think what we want to do was help the people on the call appreciate the fact that we did have a slow August which is typical in many businesses that have European content. But our September bounced back more to the levels of July. So, I guess overall we were encouraged by that to see the deterioration wasn't accelerating. It's too early for us to comment on October, so we can't give you any color beyond that. But I think that what we want to do is make certain people understood that it wasn't a declining path for the period of the quarter. It wasn't building on itself
Wendy B. Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay. And when you say... so, you are snapping back to July, how does that compare to say the beginning of the... the first half of the year, in terms of the bounce back?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: No, I think this was our third largest bookings quarter in a history. So, in the second and I was giving the first and second quarter would have been the two previous high. So, still at a pretty solid robust content, but slightly below those first two.
Wendy B. Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: But Wendy, if I could add some color there. Good morning, this is Bob.
Wendy B. Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Hi Bob.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Actually our order pattern for Dover this year, with the second quarter being our high quarter is also reflective of what we saw in 2007. Further, to Ron's comments and the order pattern in the third quarter, we saw the typical seasonal sort of weaker August sandwiched by very solid order rates in July and August. And that pattern was exhibited at all four segments.
Wendy B. Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Well, that's very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alexander Blanton with Ingalls & Snyder
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Hi Alex.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Hello.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Hello.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: I was going to ask you about 2009, but you probably said all that you care to say about that at the moment. So let me go on to something else on acquisitions, are you seeing any easing of the prices now with financial buyers being under some stress? Are you seeing better prices, prices coming down? What's going on in that market?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Alex, this is Bob. Good morning. First of all, I would comment that our pipeline opportunities here as we exit the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter are probably as heavier right now. The pipeline is fuller than it was even in the beginning of the year. So we have some interesting opportunities that we had, that we are looking at. Pricing, the pricing is clearly less than it was in the '05, '06 and early '07 timeframe. And I would say that the properties and processes that we have been engaged in over the past 30 days are more reflective of some historical, more moderate price premiums. If we were to sort of anecdotally comment on the properties that are in our pipeline today, they are all add-on acquisition opportunities. No new standalones. And obviously those add-on acquisition opportunities provide us great opportunities for synergy using the new PMI process that we are implementing.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. And secondly, you mentioned that steel prices were coming down. But many companies have long-term contracts, so that they don't feel the effects of those stock price declines as soon as you might think. What is your situation? How soon would you feel moderating material prices in your business and if you need to make some distinctions between one division or the other, please do.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well I'm not sure I would draw a distinction between one segment versus the other. Though obviously within Fluid Management and Industrial Products is where the bulk of our steel procurement does take place. For the most part, many of our companies have long-term contracts in place that were expiring in the June, July and August timeframe. We have not been locking forward rates on our steel procurement during the third quarter. And I think we've probably here in the fourth quarter and going into the first quarter, I think we will capture some immediate benefits from the moderating prices in the commodity area.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. So, how soon would you write new contracts then? You'd wait for prices to decline further or what would you do.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well my first comment would be that we're looking at that as part of this strategic sourcing and supply chain initiative project that's underway in here in the fourth quarter. And we are very consciously not looking to sign long-term contracts at this point in time.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: But we want to complete this process here at the end of the fourth quarter.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your last question comes from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Hi. Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good Morning, Steve.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Steve.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: So you guys getting used to describing the difference between 12% and 12% plus over there? Anyway --
Unidentified Company Representative: We're learning. Love that granularity.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Well, we picked that up on R02 [ph]. So you be reaffirmed down solid in the context of the environment definitely. Just a question on the oil and gas side, this is I guess, you can call it forward-looking or not. But I'm wondering what are guys telling you, is there a customers price deck right now. I'm just curious; I know a couple of year ago was I guess 40 to 50. But my guess is that's moved up a little up over the past couple of years.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well I think we've been chatting earlier this year about $60 kind of being the floor price of lot of the budgets and many of the E&P companies. I think that you can almost kind of throw that number out the window and say the rate of decelerations from $100 down to $70 has probably intimidated people somewhat. Surprisingly though as we look at our oil patch share, many of our companies are talking about the capacity being full for the fourth quarter. So I think we will see a moderation, but at the same point in time I think we're going to probably complete '08 in fine shape in the oil patch '09. we'll see more of that, once we see the budgets of everybody's companies. I think we'll see probably some pullback in just the pace of drilling. If OpEx should cut production and keep prices high it will impact us a positive way. So we continue to be encouraged, Steve, just because the broad based platform we have there. Its just not one segment of the energy patch. We think it's healthy. We think some of the drillers that came in the second, third tier may slow just because of credit. But we don't see the majors really slowing a whole lot of activity, at least from what we know today.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Is there a more or less exposure to the various types of customers, like the second and third tiers and the majors. I mean is there any kind of difference to you guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Most of those are all going to be land based drilling. Certainly gas wells have been a predominant drilling over the last few years. I don't think we'll see the mix of product if that's the nature of your question, I think. We'll see the mix of that change radically because whether you're a major, a second or third tier, most all of use the same technology for drilling applications. So I don't think our product mix will change radically.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay. And then feet drilled, with regards to the rig count. I mean is a huge there difference there. I'm not an oil analyst. I'm just curious as to could you highlight the difference?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: I think what I'm just saying is sometimes you can't get overly preoccupied with rig count because rigs are getting are more inefficient over time. The diamond inserts that we certainly sell in the marketplace ballad into complete their drilling in a shorter time span, which means they can loose that rig. So I think driller is more efficient. The reason I'd like to look at feet drilled is that's an actual production number; that's tangible to us in terms of feet which is where on diamond tips, the sucker rod, links of strings. Its things that we can tangibly define into whether its good or bad for us. So that's why we look to more than just well give me active rigs. At this point in time, Steve, I don't have a prediction on feet drill from any of the analysts that look at the oil market enough to give you a tangible answer to that question.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Is there an imaginable scenario where this business is down at some point over the next few quarters.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think the term we've continued to use we feel consistent with. We'll probably see some moderation in the next few quarters. I don't see a dollar figure yet or an activity level yet that tells us that we fear the next couple of quarters.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay. And since I'm the last, I'll take one more follow-up. On the margin improvement side, you guys tweaked your estimate down a little bit for the year, was up 25 to 50 I think in the last presentation you gave and its now up 10 to 25. What's the shuttle change there? Is that ForEx? Is that raw materials, volume?
Unidentified Company Representative: I think some of it's the fact we actually did better in the third quarter in terms of margins. So we actually have improved our margin which helps the overall math. And then I think there is some moderation because the restructuring cost that has to be taken as we look to the remainder of the year.
Unidentified Company Representative: As well, there is a little bit of moderation in our revenue expectations for the fourth quarter.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: And some restructuring. Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: That concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Hoffman for any closing remarks.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: This will be my last earnings release call and I'd like to say thank you to our analysts, investors and Dover's global employees who have been highly supportive to the many changes that we've brought to Dover to increase shareholder value. Bob Livingston and the executive team have a great game plan for accelerating the process of synergy capture, leveraging Dover's procurement and increasing the value creation of our future acquisitions. I'm very proud to be a Dover shareholder and have enormous confidence in the future of this great company. Thank you for attending our call today.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: Thanks. With that we'd like to complete this conference call and we look forward to talk to you about the results of the fourth quarter. Thanks a lot and we'll talk to you later. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's third quarter 2008 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of IR Ronald L. Hoffman - CEO Robert A. Livingston - President and COO Robert G. Kuhbach - VP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Wendy B. Caplan - Wachovia Securities Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley Steve Tusa - JP Morgan John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Second Quarter 2008 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ron Hoffman, Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation; Bob Livingston, President and Chief Operational Officer of Dover Corporation; Rob Kuhbach, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Dover Corporation, and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded, and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Biona. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's second quarter earnings call. With me today are Ron Hoffman, Dover's Chief Executive Officer; Bob Livingston, Dover's President and Chief Operating Officer, and Rob Kuhbach, our VP of Finance and CFO. Today's call will begin with some comments from Ron and Bob on Dover's operating and financial performance. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time, we kindly ask that you limit yourself to one question with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through 5 p.m. August 6th, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-642-1687. When accessing the playback, you will need to supply the following reservation code, 54682754. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. We also undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. With that, I'd like to turn this call to Ron.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining today's conference call. Today we are pleased to report on Dover's strong second quarter results. Quarterly revenues were over $2 billion for the first time in Dover's history, an increase of 10% over the previous year. Three of our four segments set new quarterly revenue records, and all were up sequentially. Net earnings from continuing operations increased 7% to $187 million, with Electronic Technologies posting their best earnings since Q4 of 2006. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were a record $0.98, up 16% over the prior year. Year-to-date revenue was $3.9 billion, up 9% with net earnings of $335 million, up 7%. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year were $1.74, up 15% over the previous year. For the quarter, Dover posted operating margins of 15.8%, up 20 basis points over the prior year and up 170 basis points sequentially, reflecting strong leverage at Electronic Technologies and Fluid Management. These margin increases were delivered by continued improvements in operating efficiencies and proactive pricing actions, offsetting the challenges of significant material cost increases. Fluid Solutions, Energy and the Product Identification platforms, which comprise slightly under 50% of Dover's total segment earnings, led the quarterly improvement. Each of these growth platforms produced quarterly earnings improvement in excess of 15% and continues to benefit from healthy end markets, cost reductions, pricing actions and synergy initiatives. We strongly believe that these growth platforms serve global serve global markets that can continue to grow. Our Energy platform, which is a significant differentiator for Dover relative [ph] to other industrial peers, posted strong organic growth for the quarter. The continued demand for energy where the oil, natural or power generation equipment is driven by high commodity costs and strong global demand. Product Identification continues to grow globally, fuelled by the increased demand in logistics, traceability and consumer safety applications. Bookings were $2 billion, up 6% over the prior year, led by strong growth at the Electronic Technologies segment as well as the Energy, Fluid Solutions and Product Identification platforms. Backlog was $1.6 billion essentially flat with last year but up 8% from 2007 year end. Dover's 10% quarterly revenue growth consisted of 5.4% organic growth, a 270 basis-point improvement over the first quarter. Acquisitions accounted for 1.3% and the impact of foreign exchange was 3.5%. Organic growth for the full year is still anticipated to be roughly 4 to 5%. Free cash flow for the quarter was $192 million, 9.6% of revenue, driven by increased earnings and continued improvements in working capital. Year-to-date, we've generated $301 million of free cash flow, up 29%. We remain on target for another full year where our free cash flow will exceed 10% of revenue. From a strategic capital allocation perspective, Dover continues to be highly disciplined and evaluating potential acquisitions as we focus on synergistic add-ons within our targeted platforms and segments. We invested $77 million for two add-on acquisitions early in the second quarter. As previously identified in our first quarter earnings call, Neptune Pump joined our Pump Solutions Group and Brady's bits [ph] was added to the Energy Products Group. These acquisitions will be slightly accretive to this year. We anticipate 2008 acquisition spending to be similar to 2007. We repurchased $198 million of Dover stock during the quarter and anticipate finishing our $500 million share repurchase program during the third quarter. When completed, Dover will have repurchased $1 billion of shares and reduced our share count by roughly 10% over a 12-month period. Year-to-date, our repurchase activities have resulted in a $0.12 EPS improvement, excluding the interest expense. During the second quarter, we made two changes with regard to discontinued operations. We have moved Triton from Engineered Systems to discontinued operations in anticipation of the completion of its sale in the near future. The discontinuance of Triton and subsequent write-down of its carrying value resulted in a $51 million loss during the quarter. We also moved Crenlo from discontinued operations, back to continuing operations, in the Material Handling platform within Industrial Products. After fourth quarters in discontinued and after selling off the underperforming portion of this company, we have not received an author reflecting the true value for the Crenlo cab enclosure business. Recognizing the limited opportunity to sell this property in today's climate, we will continue to operate Crenlo and seek potential operating synergies within our Material Handling platform. The net effect of these two changes to our quarterly continuing operations results was a net positive of $0.01 diluted EPS and $0.02 year-to-date. Effective July 1st, Bob Livingston was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer of Dover. Bob, who was President and CEO of the Engineered Systems segment, has been with Dover for nearly 25 years. I am extremely pleased that he has accepted the challenge of his new position and look forward to working with him through this transition. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bob, so he can update you on our segment performance. Bob?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Thanks Ron. Thanks for that warm introduction. I am very excited about my new role and I look forward to building on the improved performance of Dover that will deliver increased shareholder returns. I am pleased to report on this successful quarterly results posted by our company. At the Industrial Products segment, which accounts for 32% of Dover's revenue, sales were $649 million, up 6% over last year with bookings of $631 million or a book-to-bill of 0.97. Earnings of $88 million were essentially flat from the second quarter of '07, which benefited from a $5 million one-time property sale gain. Excluding this one-time gain, earnings would have been up 5% with margins of 13.5%, essentially flat with last year. The Material Handling platform reported increased sales and earnings of 2% and 4% respectively. Quarterly bookings were $313 million or a 1.02 book-to-bill. Improved industrial market sales at Warn and Texas Hydraulics with the acquisitions of IMC by DE-STA-CO and Lantec by Tulsa Winch offset lower construction market sales at Paladin and Crenlo. Improved platform margins resulted from internal cost improvement initiatives and price increases that offset significant increases in steel, energy and transportation costs. Restructuring and consolidation efforts continue to be implemented to ensure the material handling businesses are run efficiently based on current and anticipated market conditions. Military, industrial and energy-related markets should continue to perform well, but we do not anticipate improvement in the automotive or construction businesses during the second half. The Mobile Equipment platform increased sales by 9% while earnings decreased 3%. Adjusting for the one-time gain on the property sale previously mentioned, platform earnings would have been up 7%. Quarterly bookings were $318 million, led by increases in refuse and aerospace, but offset by declining sales in the automotive sector and North American tank trailer demand. Backlogs remain strong at $549 million. Heil Environmental continued to grow market share while margins were challenged by rising steel and freight costs. At Heil Trailer, strong military and sand trailers offset weakness in petroleum and dry bulk trailers. Sargent's improved performance reflected positive strength in its commercial aircraft market while Rotary Lift delivered record sales and earnings. Results were sluggish at PDQ, Chief and Performance Motorsports, reflecting slower discretionary spending in North America. At the Engineered Systems segment, which accounts for 27% of Dover's revenue, sales were 539 million, up 6% over last year with bookings of $530 million or a 0.98 book-to-bill. Earnings of $80 million were up 3% with a 14.9% margin, down 40 basis points over the prior year period. Our Product Identification platform again posted impressive performance. Significant leverage was displayed as revenue increased 11% and earnings grew 15%. Our Direct Coding business, which is essentially Markem-Imaje, continues to produce very positive operating results, reflecting strong global market conditions, a robust product portfolio and an accelerating integration program. Recurring revenue remains above 50%. The Engineered Products platform posted sales up 2% over... year-over-year while earnings were down 7% over the period. Sales gains were posted at all companies except Belvac. Hill PHOENIX had a strong quarter as it continues to gain new customers and increase sales with new products at existing customers. The decline of new store construction at Wal-Mart will continue to impact our business in the second half of the year. Hill PHOENIX's specialty case business continues to grow, fueled by increased prepared food offerings at supermarkets. Hill PHOENIX's continued focus on price management is offsetting significant material price increases and is stabilizing margins. SWEP posted sales gains in North America and Japan and opened a new facility in China during the second quarter. Our Fluid Management segment, which accounts for 22% of Dover's revenue, continued its trend of double-digit growth. Revenue was $447 million, up 23% over last year with strong bookings of $470 million or a 1.05 book-to-bill. Organic growth for the segment was an impressive 16.5% for the second quarter. Second quarter earnings of $98 million were up 34% over the prior year period with 30% operating leverage. Operating margins were 21.9%, up 170 basis points over last year. Both the Energy and Fluid Solutions platforms continue to benefit from very strong global demand. Our Energy platform continues to perform at an exceptionally high level across all companies, led by the specialty diamond drill insert business. Second quarter revenue and earnings for the platform both increased 25%. Globally, high energy prices, increased drilling activity, strong oil and gas consumption and new power generation projects continue to provide a very positive climate and outlook for these companies. Double-digit sales and earnings gains over the prior year were posted on all energy companies. Synergy integration programs are being pursued with the gas equipment and artificial lift businesses to optimize future results. Waukesha Bearings reported its first significant order in Russia for magnetic bearings for gas compression equipment. The Fluids Solutions platform continued to benefit from its global customer base. The platform posted very strong quarterly revenue and earnings gains of 20% and 35% respectively. Similar to our Energy platform, every company within Fluid Solutions experienced double-digit gains in sales and earnings, driven by strong global demand for pumps, dispensing systems and quick disconnect couplings. We have also seen significant internal improvements from the formation and subsequent ongoing integration of our Pump Solutions Group. These improvements are coming in the form of capacity utilization, global sourcing and cross selling opportunities. With backlog up 28% and a strong book-to-bill of 1.03, we expect Fluid Solutions strong performance to continue. The Electronic Technologies segment, which accounts for 19% of Dover's revenue, had its strongest quarter since late 2006. Revenue was $380 million, up 12% over last year with bookings of $385 million or a 1.01 book-to-bill. Earnings of $51 million were up 13% while margins improved 10 basis points to 13.4%. The quarter's strong performance was led by Knowles, Everett Charles and the Ceramic Products Group. Knowles experienced strong customer demand for their hearing aid components in quarter two and continues to develop new products for that steadily growing end market. Knowles also experienced some important customer wins in its MEMS business, offsetting the softness at Motorola and Sony Ericsson. Knowles' MEMS microphones are now being used by everyone tear 1 handset manufacturer in the world. They have also been successful in penetrating other growing markets like notebook computers, digital cameras, gaming consoles and GPS terminals. Everett Charles saw increase demand in the second quarter across all its businesses with the exception of the semiconductor test group. Now that I have run through the segments, I would like to briefly discuss our progress in synergy capture and materials pricing. First, synergy. As you know, we have made a commitment to deliver $40 million to $60 million in earnings improvements over the next two years, supported by our four segment realignment and synergy opportunities. We are well on our way to achieving that target and then some [ph]. Business combinations and integrations such as the formation of the Pump Solutions group, the combination of Alberta Oil Tool and Norris and the Markem-Imaje integration are highly visible examples of these initiatives across Dover. These business consolidations are near and dear to my heart as I've been closely involved with the Markem-Imaje integration and also the Vectron CFC merger of a few years ago. I have personally seen the earnings power realized by capturing that integration value. We are making this happen all around Dover. Markem's MEMS [ph] margins have improved about 9 percentage points since we acquired the business about 18 months ago. I am committed to pushing the synergy agenda forward without compromising the creativity and the entrepreneurship that is so fundamental to Dover. In the second quarter, our synergistic activities, including business integration and procurement initiatives, resulted in $0.03 EPS benefit net of costs. As far as material prices go, we along with every other industrial manufacturer, experience significant price increases across a wide range of materials. Metals, in general, and steel, in particular, pose the greatest impact to Dover. In total, metals account for about $1.5 billion of spend for Dover on an annual basis. So far, we have done a superb job of raising prices where appropriate and hedging our costs where possible. We are hopeful that raw material prices stabilize through the back half of this year, but remain cautious in our outlook. It is unreasonable to expect that we'll recover 100% of our cost increases, but we will remain diligent in our efforts. In the second quarter, the EPS impact of higher input costs was negligible due to the previously discussed initiatives. In total, this was a very successful quarter of growth and positive leverage with Dover. I look forward to building on these results in future quarters. And with that Ron, I'll turn the call back to you.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Bob. Before we close, I would like to clarify my own situation. And so you end on our succession process. As I came to New York five years ago, I began a process to re-energize Dover's value creation. During that time, we have completely revamped our portfolio of operating companies to focus on market sectors that have higher growth prospects, better earnings potential and more global engagement. This process culminated in the four segment reorganization of Dover last year to provide the opportunity to capitalize on potential synergies which will maximize Dover's future results. We also believe that this new structure clarifies the true focus of Dover for our shareholders. In 2005, we implemented the performance counts program that has focused Dover companies on attaining world class operating standards. Dover has significantly improved on each of our five metrics and there are great opportunities to build on this process. Personally, I've had a tremendously rewarding career over the past 38 years and have been very fortunate to have experienced the unique challenges and pleasure of owning a company and managing the transformation of a great Fortune 500 company, like Dover. I've discussed with the Board, my intent to retire when a new CEO is selected. I am proud of the changes I have brought to Dover, but believe that a new leader should have the opportunity to put his stamp on the future processes and techniques that will continue to create synergistic improvements and increase value for our shareholders. I will not fully retire until a new CEO is named. We have a great internal candidate and the Broad is appropriately exploring external candidates as well. Through this deliberate process, I am confident we will find the right executive to lead Dover to new heights. Looking forward, I am very proud of the many record results posted during the second quarter, despite a challenging economic environment. Our business leaders continue to focus on internal process improvements, synergy capture, pricing opportunities and managing the significant ways of material price increases. Those same dynamics will be present next quarter as well. Overall, our bookings have held up well, and we are positive about the continued growth opportunities in the Energy, Product Identification and Fluid Solutions platforms. Our Electronic Technologies businesses posted their best quarterly results since 2006, driven primary by gains in Asia. We are very happy with this progress but continue to be cautious of their markets. We anticipate continued material price increases but we are encouraged that our leaders are implementing pricing increases to offset the majority of these costs. I am confident our business leaders will do the right things where there is new product development, best cost country sourcing or passing on price increases to assure the continued success of Dover. This continued focus on performance improvements to maximize the results of our global business environments along with our strong cash generation are very encouraging, and accordingly, I remain confident that Dover will deliver on our earlier guidance of 12% plus annual EPS growth. However, be assured we stand ready to quickly implement energy plans and appropriately adjust our businesses, should the environment materially change from our expectations. With that, I'll turn the call back to Paul Goldberg for questions.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: Thanks Ron and Bob. At this time, I'd like to ask Buena [ph] to queue the questions and I'd like to remind you again please if you can limit your questions to one with a follow-up, so that we would be able to get everybody involved. Buena? Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from of Wendy Caplan of Wachovia.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Wendy.
Wendy B. Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Good morning, good morning. Could we talk a little bit about the book-to-bill in the segment? Looks like Fluid Management and Electronic Technologies still above 1, but the other two segments look a little weaker. Notably Engineered Systems, which I am guessing is from the Engineer Products lumpiness. But if you could kind of expand on, on that those two segments' book-to-bill, please.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Wendy if I might, just to kind of put this into reference, again our orders were up year-over-year by about 6%. The trade of those orders were very similar to last year in terms of kind of where they hit. But the segments you talked about were the weaker of the four. However, that's not totally untraditional. Some of that's a reaction to some of the changes that Wal-Mart is bringing into the marketplace, as well as the Belvac which is certainly seeing a different hand making opportunity this year versus past year. That's just more of a market change of opportunities. Those are project-related businesses.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Wendy, this is Bob. At Engineered Products platform, our book-to-bill for the second quarter was 0.97. And as Ron mentioned, the real significant decrease year-over-year was at Belvac, and that's just we're just in a down cycle right now, and sort of a multi-year project phase that some of their customers go through. A little bit of a negative comparison at Hill Phoenix, for year-over-year, that again, mostly due to the decline of new store construction at Wal-Mart. And the rest of the businesses in that group held up fairly well.
Wendy B. Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay, thanks. I'll get back in queue. I appreciate it.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Wendy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Terry Darling of Goldman Sachs.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Wondering if you could comment a little bit on what you see changing on three items for the second half of the year, that you've addressed that sort of implicitly a bit first, on organic growth, 5.5% or so, this quarter, very strong. Looks like on a book-to-bill, we ought to see that pullback a bit. And then wondered if you could also talk about this raw material price, continuing into the second half. You're being cautious on it. Is that just based on the macro factors? Or do you have some visibility on that, continue getting tougher for you?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Kind of addressing each of those questions, certainly from an organic growth standpoint, we've identified that we forecast 4 to 5% organic growth through the remainder of the year. There's not a lot of acquisitions that we did in the end of '07 that will fuel acquisition growth. So we still feel pretty good about that number. I would also say that referring to, back to our book to bill I think, we kind of covered it fairly well in the last comments but there wasn't anything significant in the market that really caused us to see a significant change in business level. We were up year-over-year. We continue to feel very strong about the oil market. We continue to believe their product ID is going to hold up well. Electronics certainly has a nice comeback in the quarter where we would like to think that we'll see some of that hold up, but that's always a bit of a variable market. But we still feel pretty good about the economy right now. Terry, it's been a pretty strong year so far. Racking the raw material prices, I think we've done a number of things to prepare our companies to be less a more proactive as it relates to the raw material pricing and kind of how we handle that. We did a lot of moves of our companies to Mexico to other Eastern block companies to increase our presence in Asia over the last couple of years. There was cost associated with that. I think we are getting the benefit of that now. I think our companies have internal initiatives on synergy. They are making it more efficient and then I think we are doing a much better job of analyzing the real value we bring to our customers and appropriately pricing through that. And I think those things in total have caused us to offset majority of our raw material price increases year-to-date.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: And then just a quick modeling question. Can you talk about the sequential increase in net interest expense and the year-over-year decline in free cash flow, and what you are expecting on interest expense and free cash flow on the back half of the year?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, from an interest expense, it was really just driven by probably a more accelerated share purchase than we originally laid out. So that dropped our net debt up about $0.5 billion. And the difference in the interest expense is the delta effect. And what was the second half of your question?
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Well, Paul, just to clarify, net debt up 500 million. You only repurchased 198 million in the quarter, so --
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: And working capital as a percentage of sales was actually down year-over-year. So what am I missing there?
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: Well, if you look at it, when we started the share repurchase program, if you go back exactly a year, we hadn't done any real significant share repurchase. We really started in earnest in August of last year. So that a pretty hefty amount of share repurchase in a relatively short time. And from a free cash flow perspective, we had very strong free cash flow in the first quarter and the second quarter was relatively strong. So on a comparable basis, we are up 29% year-to-date over last year.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay, I will follow up. Thanks.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: Yup.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Alex Blanton from Ingalls Snyder.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Good morning. I wonder if you could give us a flavor for the trends geographically, what your potential exposure is to Europe, which is weakening in many countries and how much benefit you might be getting from strength in Asia and Latin America?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Alex, that is always very company specific and market specific. But I think we have a slide in our deck that shows our growth rate year-to-date. And the majority of our growth has come in Asia; that's been electronically driven. Plus, the other companies that we have that have strong Asian presence such as Knowles and others. Europe for us was actually up from a growth rate standpoint this year over last. Again, we have some businesses performing well there. Imaje, our product ID company certainly is located in Europe. SWEP [ph] has had a very good run in its heat exchanger business in Europe and we continue to see radar continues [ph] to build. They opened a new plant in China during the quarter. So they will... that will be increasing their international presence. So across the board, pretty good global engagement here. I know a lot of people are talking about Europe pulling back. Our rate of growth in Europe has kind of held in there fairly well. In fact, DE-STA-CO, which serves the automotive market in general is down certainly in U.S. The project with Audio and VW or Volkswagen in Europe have continued to keep that business quite active.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. A second question is on the corporate SG&A. It was up about 74 basis points year-over-year and that hurt... well, there may have been a good reasons for that. But had it not been up, it would have added 0.06 or $0.07 to the earnings per share. So could you give us the reason for that? Is it a product mix change or is it additional spending of some kind or what?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: We've had... Alex, this is Rob Kuhbach... we've had somewhat higher professional fees and we had to make some adjustments in our contingency reserves. We don't expect that to continue. The second quarter was somewhat higher than we expect, and I would say we've adjusted our overall annual corporate spend rate. If you look in the outlook stage on the slide, we head up [ph] slightly from probably a total of $5 million from where it was at the end of the first quarter. I would say the lion's share of that is some consulting fees that we've been engaged in. And part of that relates to our integration process planning and the overall business improvement process. Some of that we have absorbed at the corporate level rather than run it through the individual operating company. So I would say it's largely professional fees.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Yes, what was that number you just referred to?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: If you look in our slide, we have an outlook on corporate expenses, and we've raised the estimated year... full year number by roughly $5 million.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: But that's already been taking is what you are saying?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: What I'm saying is the lion's share of it we think has been absorbed in the second quarter delta.
Alexander M. Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Scott Davis with Morgan Stanley.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Great, good morning guys.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Hey Scott.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Maybe tough question to answer, but given that you are 95% FIFO accounting, Rob, do you have a feel for either, A, how much that kind of helped you on a price cost basis this quarter or B, maybe how far behind the price cost curve... I mean I know that buys you a little bit of time to raise prices from an accounting perspective. But how much pressure does that put on you for 3Q to really get prices in?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I would say the impact on Dover... first of all, not a lot of our companies are actually on FIFO or a little more on [ph] LIFO. So we don't have the same... the other way around... I am sorry. So we don't have as much of an impact as companies that are entirely on that system. But I would say that our ability to manage through exercise is very high. We don't expect that to have much of an impact for the quarter or the rest of the year.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay, good. And when you talked about Electronics really had a nice positive surprise this quarter, and that begs the question when you look at the book-to-bill, was there any kind of pull forward of business ahead of announced price increases that you are aware of?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I would say in general that we didn't see any significant... I mean, obviously, pricing has been going on all year and will continue to go on. I don't think there is anything significant that you record. It's immeasurable if there has been any impact at all.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Last question on Paladin. It's... can you give us an indication of the rate of change? Is it still negative? Have we stabilized at all at lower levels or are we still going down?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well, I would... certainly, the demolishment recycling market of Paladin has continue to hold strong. That's been really the highlight of that marketplace. The utility business within Paladin has really performed well. Heavy construction, light construction certainly has been down. We don't anticipate any significant change or improvement in that through the course of the year. I would also point out, though, Scott, even with those challenges, we have been doing significant things behind the scene to improve our cost base in that business. We have also been seeking greater synergies among our companies. We have closed some plants to streamline the business, and that business was a double-digit margin business in the second quarter.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Ron, congrats. A little early congrats on your retirement and thank you for your time and the last field trip was very good. Thank you.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Steve.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Hi Steve.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Congratulations Ron. You have done a lot over the last couple of years and we appreciate everything you have done, and second that on the trip a couple of months ago.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Just on the outlook. When I look at your normal seasonality from the second to the third quarter, you usually have somewhat of a bump up there, maybe 5 to 6% growth quarter-over-quarter. Is there anything you're seeing out there in the near term that would throw you off your... the normal seasonality?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: I think you're comment on seasonality is directionally somewhat right, Steve. It's very historical. I would think the peaks in values [ph] of that may be somewhat muted and it will be a little flatter as we look at where we are at compared to the remainder of the year. Not a lot of seasonal impact probably from second to third quarter.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Is there anything out there? Is it... is that raw materials-related? Is it just the change in the portfolio? Is there something going on at oil and gas that slows down... that drives that?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: No, there is nothing of seasonality about oil and gas. Typically, the things that would come to play there is if you have a real rainy season that takes people out of the market or allows them not to get into certain fields. But I would say, we don't anticipate any seasonality issues. We do get into some construction issues that might impact new store constructions or things that would impact like with Hill PHOENIX, or it might impact our PDQ building, some of their involvement or even stations that OPW might serve. But not a lot of that Steve; it's going to be highly intensive quarter-to-quarter. It's really... there is nothing out there that I would put my finger on at the moment, any of our sectors that we look at and fret about really to seasonality for the remainder of the year.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay. And then one more question just on the 12% plus growth guidance. That's on the new continuing ops number, correct? So as Crenlo comes back into the fold, that adds a few pennies?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Well I think what we've done, Steve, is if you recall, last quarter as we did the guidance, we said 12% plus on the number that we have at that time. I think there is a 4% or... excuse me, a 2% change year-to-date. Certainly, that should be added to the numbers... $0.02, I'm sorry. Paul, do you have anything to add on that [ph]?
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay. Great, thanks a lot.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: Yes, just to clarify it a little bit Steve, the guidance that we're still holding to our guidance, which was off the 3.22 of last year and it is appropriate to add in $0.04 to this year for the Triton Crenlo discontinuation... re-continuation, for lack of a better word.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Right.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: Is that clear?
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: That's clear. Thanks a lot.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Steve, one other clarification. You should anticipate that the third and fourth quarters will be more balanced as opposed to what you are talked about the sourcing on the seasonality.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay. So maybe not as strong in the third, but not as weak of a drop off in the fourth?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Exactly.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Inch from Merrill Lynch.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Ron, I echo [ph] your sentiments. So on the just as the clarification, so the $0.04 of contribution from the impact of Crenlo and Triton. So Triton was... I think, it was just kind of breaking even. So the $0.04, is that really the way to look at a penny of contribution from Crenlo? Is that per quarter, is that the way to think about it?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: I think last year, when we looked at last year Triton had a significant loss and so in effect, Crenlo, so this year we are accounting as the penny a quarter. If you look at it as the price of Crenlo standalone, it would be more like $0.02 a quarter.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: I see, okay. And then Bob, you mentioned that you guys had pretty much broken even on the raw side with respect to pricing, but --
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: John, could I just go back to last point?
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: I just want to qualify. Triton was losing money at the beginning of last year. But as we exited last year, Triton was, in fact, making money. So just swapping out Crenlo and Triton it's just an incremental $0.01 per quarter going forward.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: But if you... Paul, if you look at 2008, Triton wasn't really losing money, right? It was... you get...
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: No, they were.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Right, okay. So the incremental well comes from more from the Crenlo side versus Triton.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: That's exactly the case; that's right.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So then I want to go back to Bob's point about how kind of rise in pricing pretty much broke even in the quarter. Yet if you look at the Engineered Systems and the Industrial Products businesses, they didn't have as good leverage, and kind of some of the implications is maybe some about was the impact of raws. But you're saying that's not... that's the case. Is that the way to look at it?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: This is Bob. I'm not a moving part in both those segments.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Right.
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: But even if we were to able to do a 100% pass-through of material cost into pricing or offset it with hedging, the impact of that is you get it doesn't benefit you with respect to leverage. That's just the way the math works. The difference between the two segments, and I'll speak specifically to Engineered Systems, is that even though we had some significant price increases coming through during the first half of this year, especially in steel that we were able to pass through some of those charges with the coverage on existing customer contracts. But in a couple of instances, we also had pretty favorable hedging positions that were in position through June, through July and sometimes through August. So it's been a mixture of activities, some of it pricing, some of it hedging, some of it resourcing some product.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: John, I might also add that Crenlo is now a part of the Industrial Products. It was added back into that group. Its margins are a little below the group in general. So it would have not been very aided to their ability to leverage in the quarter.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. I guess the question is, do you expect leverage to improve in these two businesses kind of going forward or should we just is this an economy issue? Is it just yet to get in to business by business or how should we think about that?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Well I think the business has really performed at 13.5% margins in the quarter. I think there is some potential upside there that they should be able to find over time, whether it be pricing or whether it be internal initiatives and the synergy programs we're working on. In some cases, you have cost of product in order to capture those gains, and there was some plant closings that happened in the group, that we'll see benefit from going forward.
John G. Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Shannon O'Callaghan from Lehman Brothers.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Good morning, guys.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Hey question on the margins, I mean I am just trying to understand a little bit, kind of the reduction to the margin guidance. We started the year looking kind of 50 to 100 basis points improvement. Now we are looking for 25 to 50. I mean it sounds like, you've been doing a good job on price cost. Sounds like synergies are ahead of plan. So how would you characterize what changed to you are a little less optimistic in terms of the margin improvements this year.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Well I don't think we've really kind of changed our overall position in margin. If we look further up the curve at the end of the second quarter, we thought me might have been at this point which is a nice positive issue to have. I think we are just trying to kind of keep the guidance in line where we think we'll really finish up at. But certainly no lack of confidence in our part on the improvements going on in our companies. Bob, any thing to be added to that?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Well I would I guess the other comment would be, I think we are being a bit cautious just given the economic challenges we know we are facing in the second half.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: So it's mainly on the economics, I mean you mentioned the hedges, is it... you said it was negligible price cost this quarter. I mean are you assuming it gets worse 3Q, 4Q or any any other dynamics?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: To be honest, probably we're more concerned about quarter three than we are quarter four.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Can you just give a little more of the color, I guess, on what's going on in product ID? I mean the organic growth of the whole segment was sort of flattish. I mean you called out Belvac, it's not that big a business, but it sounds like it's pretty challenged right now. How is how is product ID doing organically?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: Organic growth for product ID in the second quarter was 4%. Most of that most of the organic growth, or most of the growth, I'm not sure I can split it regionally on organic growth, but most of the growth that we experienced in the second quarter was led by Europe, Latin America and Asia, and North America was a bit flat but organic growth for the quarter was 4%.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And just one more, just on Crenlo, you mentioned, I think getting out of some of the underperforming parts of it before you brought it back in. I mean is Crenlo operating any better now than it was when you put it into dis ops [ph]?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it is. And Crenlo going to be a low double digit margin business, at least that's about where it's at. I think that we continue to believe those we put it back in our Material Handling group, as there might be some synergies that might share with our Palen [ph] business, and those are going to be explored, and hopefully we can find some additional benefits there.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. So but it's being brought in, I mean if if you're pursuing those, this is going \to be this is going to be part of the portfolio, not something that, that might go back out the door again?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: I think we're going to manage Crenlo as best of our ability to make it the best company possible in Dover. We'll reevaluate our positioning of construction equipment going forward, but I think in today's market, there's just not an appetite for that business currently.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And next question is coming from Nigel Coe of Deutsche Bank.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Thanks. Good morning.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Hi Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Just want to clarify the 12% question, is that 12%... is that up 322 or 326?
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: No, it's up 322, Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: And then you would add in the $0.01 incremental each quarter of this year, report that in total for the discontinuance of Triton and Crenlo.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then the $0.03 net impact from synergies into the Q, you had mentioned though I think $0.02 of investments to achieve that. I mean how does that evolve, how is that $0.03 net evolved on over the balance of the year?
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: I would say that we anticipate continued progress when we talk about the original $40 million to $60 million over two years. That mathematically comes out to somewhere around $0.13 to $0.20. So we picked up a penny in the first quarter and $0.03 in the second. I would say you are likely to see something on the same order magnitude in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. Markem-Imaje will continue to be one of the principal drivers of that process. But there is a lot of activity in the same arena going on in other places like the Pump Solutions Group. So I think we feel confident that we are going to be well on track to achieving that kind of progress over two years.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think we have high confidence. I think we continue to see a little bit more challenging material prices than we anticipated as we made our statement early on. But we are not backing off of it.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then on Triton, I mean it's been struggling for the last couple of years now. I mean why... I mean, I am sure you are now aware of that, but why this quarter? Why do you pull the trigger this quarter?
Robert A. Livingston - President and Chief Operating Officer: I think we have a viable buyer currently in place that allow us to move the process forward. And we're taking advantage of that opportunity and this just happens to be the time that it was all in place.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay, fair enough. I mean just one more question, if I may. I mean natural gas prices have obviously spiked. That's generally good for gas drilling in the U.S., which is obviously good news for you. Are you seeing increasing activity in that field?
Unidentified Company Representative: Quite candidly, as we see these spike ups, whether it be natural gas or whether it be oil prices, I think the oil patch is so active and utilization is so tight right now that you don't see significant peaks from that. I think capacity [ph] is very active. It just allows people to have confidence in continuing the projects they have out there, which means that the rigs will be active for a longer period of time. But I don't think we see a huge change in number just based on the price of oil and gas. I think quite candidly, I think as we head into the winner, depending on what happens in the winner timeframe, we might see natural gas continue to hold well, and that will continue to keep drilling activity high. I think Canada will probably improve its drilling in the second half of the year, maybe to what it was in the first half. And we are optimistic about that because we have quite a footprint of businesses in Canada.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: We are somewhat over weighted on the natural gas side. If you look at our Energy group, as a general rule, we benefit more from gas drilling than oil drilling.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one more question. Our next question will be coming from Matt McConnell from Robert W. Baird.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Hi Matt.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hey Matt.
Unidentified Analyst: Of the 1.5 billion that you spend on metals, could you give us a sense of how much of that is protected through long-term agreements or how much of your spend in the second quarter was at current prices or what had been protected before?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think the one to clarify for you, Matt that the 1.5 billion was an annual spend.
Unidentified Analyst: Right, yes. And so of the portion that was in the quarter, how much of that would have been protected through longer term supply agreements?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: A number of our companies have long-term hedging agreements to try to minimize their price increases. I will say those have been much more difficult to enforce as we [ph] progress through the course of the year. But again, we're very comfortable in the second quarter that we did recover the majority of the price increases, whether they be through pricing or through internal improvement initiatives. So there was a significant impact in the second quarter. I think that will become a steeper challenge as we move throughout the remainder of the year.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations: And I would just say, Matt, that we don't have that number in exact detail. But I would say more recovery was through price increases than hedging from my knowledge of the business.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, for sure.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor over to Ron Hoffman for any closing remarks.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: I think our second quarter was a clean quarter in terms of there wasn't a lot of ins and outs of various cost issues. I'm glad to see that we're moving forward with getting the Triton business sold. I know that's been a bit of a question for many analysts for a period of time now. I do think the synergy initiatives that are going on inside of Dover are really catching some nice adherence. And I think I am encouraged, and Bob commented on his prepared remarks that we believe we're ahead of pace and also identifying maybe more opportunities than we initially had thought of. So we look forward to reporting more on that as we move forward. And we look forward to chatting with you again in the third quarter and having good results to talk about at that time. Thanks. This concludes our conference call. Of course, we thank you for your continued interested in Dover and look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. And if there are any follow-up questions, please give me a call.
Ronald L. Hoffman - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's second quarter 2008 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director, IR Ronald L. Hoffman - President and CEO Robert G. Kuhbach - VP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley John Inch - Merrill Lynch Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the First Quarter 2008 Dover Corporation Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Ron Hoffman, President and Chief Executive officer of Dover Corporation; Rob Kuhbach, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Dover Corporation; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a remainder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, and welcome to Dover's first quarter earnings call. Today's call will begin with some comments from Ron on Dover's operating and financial performance. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time, we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through 5 PM May 7th and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-642-1687. When accessing the playback you'll need to supply the following reservation code, 42024982. Before we get started, I'd like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analyses of Dover Corporation by referring to our Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statements. Also, we undertake no obligations to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. And with that, I'd like to turn this call over to Ron.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining today's conference call. We are pleased to report that Dover's broad global engagement and improved focus in four operating segments produced very solid first quarter results. Revenue for the quarter increased to $1.86 billion, up 8% over the prior year. Net earnings from continuing operations were up 9% to $146 million, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.76, up 16% over the prior year. Operating margins for the quarter were 14.1%, up 60 basis points over the prior year, but down 20 basis points sequentially. Double-digit earnings improvement was posted in the Product Identification, Energy, Fluid Solutions, and Mobile Equipment platforms. Operating leverage for the quarter was a strong 21% over the prior-year period. Bookings, which improved each month during the quarter, were a record $1.96 billion, up 6% over the prior-year, led by gains in Energy, Fluid Solutions, Product Identification and Electronic Technologies. Backlog is $1.51 billion, up 8% over last year and up 9% from year-end. Double-digit backlog growth was posted at Product Identification, Energy, Fluid Solutions and Mobile Equipment. During our last earnings call, we identified several strategic initiatives to enhance our company's long-term success. We continue to see the merits of the simplified and sharper alignment of our four-segment, six-platform organization structure. We stated that this new structure would enhance our ability to capture synergies within our segments and would result in a 4% to 6% improvement in operating earnings over the next two years, and we are pleased to see this process being embedded within the Dover culture. In order to provide the required resources to manage this process, platform presidents have been named at the Material Handling and Fluid Solutions platforms. Within the Energy Products Group, Norris and Alberta Oil Tool, our sucker rod companies, now have a unified management team to identify operating and sales synergies. In Fluid Solutions, we have just announced a Pump Solutions Group and are combining the global Wilden, Blackmer, and the newly acquired Neptune Pump companies under one leadership team. At Product Identification, integration activities are well underway at Markem.Imaje. In the first quarter, they completed the integration of the global sales organization, defined our best class… best-in-class product portfolio, and continue to identify synergy opportunities while beginning to realize some early integration benefits. At Electronic Technologies, we have named an Executive Vice President responsible for Everett Charles, DEK and OK International to identify and implement a game plan for potential synergies. We are pleased with our early progress, and these synergy initiatives equated to roughly $0.01 of EPS improvement in the first quarter. Dover's strong free cash flow is being allocated to fund the previously announced share repurchase program as well as the internal growth initiatives of our operating companies. We spent $150 million buying back shares during the quarter, and our share count was reduced by 3.6 million shares. Since August of 2007, Dover has spent $662 million repurchasing 14.5 million shares, which has reduced our share count by roughly 7%. Dover continues to be highly selective in evaluating potential acquisitions and is focused on synergistic add-ons within its identified platforms and segments. For the year, we have invested close to $100 million on three highly strategic add-on acquisitions. Tulsa Winch in the Material Handling platform broadened its served markets and specialty products by acquiring LANTEC Winch in Canada. US Synthetics in our Energy platform acquired Brady bid [ph], which expands its synthetic diamond technology to the mining industry. And the newly formed Pump Solutions Group within the Fluid Solutions platform acquired Neptune Pump, which adds a metering pump for water treatment applications to its broad array of pumping solutions. These three acquisitions were seller-led and not an auction driven process. These acquisitions will be slightly accretive in the current year. During the first quarter, Dover generated free cash flow of $104 million, 5.6% of revenue, driven by increased earnings and continued improvements in working capital. Free cash flow for the year continues to be forecast at plus 10% of revenue, and we are highly confident that free cash flow will increase in the upcoming quarters. Dover's 8% revenue growth included organic growth of 3%, acquisitions providing 2%, and foreign exchange accounting for 3%. The organic growth rate was led by an 8% gain at Fluid Management, predominantly in the Energy platform, and a 7% grain in our Global Product Identification platform. We continue to anticipate organic growth for 2008 to be in the mid single-digit range. Our business leaders produced solid first quarter results, and with a positive book-to-bill posted at all four segments we are positioned for a strong second quarter. Those businesses that are reliant on the domestic economy are keeping a keen eye on their customer market trends and are prepared to quickly implement contingency plans if required. The more global Dover companies have seen improvements in activity in Europe, South America and Asia. Material prices in general are treading up, especially steel, and our companies are implementing price increases and securing fixed price supply contracts on some key materials. The following comments will provide some additional insight into our segments and operating platforms. At the Industrial Products segment, which accounts for 31% of Dover's revenue, sales were $583 million, up 6% over last year, with bookings of $624 million or a 1.07 book-to-bill. Earnings of $76 million were up 8%, generating a 13% margin, up 30 basis points over the prior-year period. Positive double-digit leverage was posted at both the Material Handling and Mobile Equipment Platforms. The Material Handling platform recorded increased sales and earnings of 4% and 5% respectively. Quarterly bookings were $264 million with a 1.04 book-to-bill. Warn posted increased military sales related to the MRAP program, and their branded equipment sales were strong internationally. Texas Hydraulics posted increased sales to mobile cranes, especially Material Handling OEMs, that are serving international markets. Paladin posted its best margins for the year in March as downsizing and cost improvement initiatives began to show benefits. Demolition, recycling and utility markets continued to be very strong, but light and heavy construction markets continued to struggle. DE-STA-CO results reflected a strong European automotive market offset by a much slower domestic automotive activity. The Mobile Equipment platform increased sales by 7% and earnings by 16% respectively, primarily driven by Heil Trailer and Sargent. Quarterly bookings were $360 million, and backlog is a strong $575 million. Heil Trailer posted strong results, driven by specialty oil field trailers and military fuel trailers. Sargent's improved performance reflected strength across the majority of its aircraft businesses, and earnings improved due to the cost savings from 2007 restructuring initiatives. Heil Environmental was down slightly from the prior year, but continues to have a strong backlog entering the second quarter. Rotary Lift posted nice sales gains, but earnings were impacted by significant steel price increases in China. PDQ's improved performance were driven by their new tandem friction car wash system. Turning to the Engineered Systems segment, which accounts for 28% of Dover's revenue, sales were $522 million, up 6% over last year, with bookings of $550 million or a 1.05 book-to-bill. Earnings of $64 million were up 25% with a 12.2% margin, up 180 basis points over the prior year. The Product Identification platform posted sales and earning gains of 12% and 29% respectively. Product Identification posted very strong 7% organic growth for the quarter. Markem.Imaje, which we refer to as direct coding, continued to produce very positive operating results and experienced strong business conditions in Europe and Asia and is optimistic with opportunities identified in the North American market. Labeling requirements for fast moving consumer goods should continue to fuel sales of [inaudible]. The Bar Coding Group, which includes Datamax and O'Neil, posted improved results led by increased sales of tabletop printers. In the Engineered Products platform [ph], sales were 2% year-over-year with earnings down 2% over the period. Hill PHOENIX continues to achieve share gains with new customers utilizing its market-leading sustainability products. Sales to Wal-Mart are anticipated to decline in the second quarter, but we remain optimistic about improvements in the second half of the year. Growth in specialty case sales to retail food chains reflect the consumers’ increased spending on prepared fresh foods. The brazed [heat exchanger business posted strong Q1 results, and long-term contract wins at three major OEM customers will maintain future growth. Price management is offsetting significant material price increases. At our food equipment companies, we saw declines in both our sales and earnings due to a reduction in can-necking projects compared to a very strong prior year, partially offset with earning gains at Tipper Tie and Unified Brands. Trident posted positive earnings as we benefited from the fourth quarter restructuring and headcount reductions. At the Fluid Management segment, which accounts for 22% of Dover's revenue, sales were $401 million, up 12% over the last year, with bookings of $431 million or a 1.07 book-to-bill. Earnings of $85 million were up 15% with a 21.2% margin, up 60 basis points over the prior-year period. Positive double-digit leverage was posted at both the Energy and Fluid Solutions platforms. The broad-based Energy platform is off to a strong start with first quarter sales and earnings gains of 12% and 19% respectively. High energy prices, increased drilling activity, strong oil and gas consumption, and new global power generation projects continue to provide a very positive climate for these companies. Double-digit sales and earnings gains over the prior year were posted at all Energy companies. Increased steel prices are being offset with volume related manufacturing efficiencies and price increases. During the second quarter, Dover will be hosting an investor visit at U.S. Synthetics in Utah to give added insight into Dover's Energy platform as well as the long-term outlook for the world energy market. The Fluid Solutions Platform reflected gains from their global footprint, predominantly Europe and Asia, to post gains in sales and earnings of 11% and 27% respectively. These companies are also establishing operations in India to fuel future growth. At OPW Fueling, Vaporsaver sales in China have significantly increased in advance of the 2008 Olympics. Wilden, which also includes the Almatec and Griswold brands, and Blackmer, which has the Mouvex and [inaudible] brands coupled with the new acquisition of Neptune Pump were consolidated into the new Pump Solutions Group, which will provide the focus for seeking operating synergies within our pump companies and to offer our global distribution a broad array of pumping solutions. The Pump Solutions Group will also be highlighted as part of the previously mentioned May Investor Meeting with a visit to Wilden in California. At the Electronics segment, which accounts for 19% of Dover's revenue, sales were $352 million, up 10% over last year, with bookings of 360 million or a 1.02 book-to-bill. Earnings of $36 million were down 2%, but included roughly $3 million of restructuring expense at European operations. Knowles saw nice first quarter gains in its hearing aid market and is very encouraged with the broadened applications for its acoustics technology and new ear bud applications. Knowles continues to gain design wins with its MEMS microphone technology and cell phone OEMs. Industry leaders continue to project a 10% growth in total worldwide cell phone production for the year. The Ceramic Products Group had a strong quarter and set a new quarterly bookings record. DEK posted double-digit gains year-over-year and they continue to roll out new products that are well accepted by their customers. Everett Charles is encouraged by recent semicon related orders that will impact the second half of the year, but continues to right-size its European operations. In summary, we strongly believe in the positive direction Dover is headed and are confident our new organizational structure, strong cash generation, capital allocation priorities and focused on synergy initiatives will continue to post positive results. Dover’s strong global presence in Energy, Product Identification, and Fluid Solutions, which account for close to half of Dover's earnings, are the primary drivers of our future growth. We're very pleased with our first quarter results and continue to be quite positive about our upcoming quarter. Based on our strong first-quarter results and our confidence in the upcoming quarters, we are raising our annual guidance to a 12% plus increase in earnings per share for 2008. Lastly, we are very excited to be hosting the upcoming investor visits at U.S Synthetics and Wilden Pump in early May. This will give the attendees a firsthand glimpse at the world-class manufacturing techniques being deployed within our operating companies that are driving Dover's improved results. The presentation will also provide insight into the market drivers of the Energy and Fluid Solution markets. With that, I'll turn it back to Paul Goldberg.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Ron. At this point, we’d like to ask Jackie to compile the questions. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions]. Your first question is from Shannon O'Callaghan with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Good morning, guys.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Good quarter.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Hey, on the comments around the bookings improving through the months of the quarter for... I guess that was for the overall company, and then with Everett Charles in particular you mentioned they were encouraged by some of the orders they have been saying. Can you just fill that thought out a little bit?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you are correct in your observation. We talked about Dover's bookings improving month-to-month through the quarter. In the Electronics group, certainly specific to Everett Charles and just that industry in general, it always starts out a little bit slow at the first of the year. It gets to the Chinese New Year and starts to find some [inaudible]. I would say that we had improving orders quarter to… I think month-to-month in Everett Charles and we were encouraged by some semicon equipment orders that happened in March that we’ll ship in the second part of the year. I don't think that we want to sit here and say that we see a significant boom happening in electronic technology than say it has a positive bias looking at it today from where it has been for the last few months.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then how about for the company overall, it sounded like bookings generally were sort of improving through the quarter?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Are you speaking to Everett Charles again?
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: No, I'm sorry, for the broader company. I mean is that sort of the way you saw the quarter flow, I thought you said that at the beginning of the call?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: That is the way we saw the quarter flow. You're correct that we saw improvement month-to-month pretty much across the board in Dover, certainly in light of what is considered to be a failing economy going on. I think you know certainly the U.S market is slowing its growth pattern, but I think we have been able to offset that in Europe and Asia and overall show growth throughout the period.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Just a couple of questions on Engineered Systems. I mean it's... it looks like a little bit of a split story there. Can you give a little more feel in terms of why you think you are doing so well in product ID there? I mean 7% organic I think is pretty good for the quarter. And then I guess Hill PHOENIX must be having a tougher time, you mentioned 2Q, I assume it was tougher in 1Q. Can you explain that sort of first half, second half dynamic in Hill PHOENIX and why you expect it to be better?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we're very pleased with the 7% organic growth that was posted by our Product Identification group. I think it continues to show that they are probably gaining share in that market overall. I would say that the integration activities that they have done over the last few months are starting to pay off. We now have the consolidated... the sales force consolidated and that's been very key to our customer interface. It basically puts one voice on all the product offerings of our direct coding group. We are expanding that into the supply chain, logistics and focusing on the logistics now. But the integration is going very well, I think the product offerings we have, certainly the Imaje 9000 series I think has been a wonderful product introduction and I think they are just gaining share and gaining acceptance from that. But overall, just a very well focused integration activity between those two companies. Speaking to Hill PHOENIX, certainly we continue to be encouraged at new accounts that they are able to get trial product in as well as new product orders related to the sustainability initiatives. And just to give you a little frame of reference on this, so many Second Nature systems they put in, if you consider a traditional display case may require 65 pounds of coolant, you basically get away with 1 pound of coolant in a Second Nature recycling system that they have for their refrigeration and you certainly hold down the piping, you put this in a much local… much more local frame. I would say that right now, certainly with Wal-Mart going down a little bit in the second quarter because the timing of Wal-Mart shipments is where the markets at, we feel very good about the second half. Orders were strong in March, we continue to be told by their major customer, be prepared for a strong second half. We will see if that materializes, but we feel pretty good about the second half there.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Can you just give a little scope, I assume it was probably down given what the overall segment was, it was probably down organically in the first quarter. Are you looking it to be down organically in 2Q and then up in the second half by a decent amount or how does it work?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think in general you are directionally right there. I don't have the specific number in front of me, but directionally, yes, you're right. I think we would probably see a little bit of organic diminishing in the second quarter, but then pick back up in the third and fourth. But keep in mind, we had a strong second half last year also.
Shannon O'Callaghan - Lehman Brothers: Okay. All right. Thanks, guys.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Shannon.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Nigel Coe with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, good morning.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Nigel.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: So, the creation of the Pump Solutions group, the integration of Markem into Imaje, how far through this in terms of the restructuring process are you? And given the pay back from the… I mean it looks like you’ve got some pretty good payback from these actions. I mean do you see upside to the initial guidance from the savings?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think certainly we believe that there is upside potential in putting these companies together because in many cases we have distribution opportunities, in some cases we have significant opportunities to look at the manufacturing footprints of these companies to look for scales of economy. So I would say that we certainly believe there is going to be return and we wouldn't be investing the time and energy to do this because this is different than what Dover's culture has been historically. So we believe to compete globally and to put out the investments we have to make… to put a footprint down in all these countries, we have to be smarter about our capital allocation. So I feel that these things will pay off well. And probably, as encouraged with the Fluid Solutions group as I would be for the Product Identification, they both have great opportunities, great global footprints, both those companies have over 50% of their sales internationally, and I think just a great growth potential story coming forward. The work that took place in Product Identification, even though their sales and earnings held up well through the last year, we encourage cost putting those two companies together and the benefits of that I think displayed themselves in the first quarter, will probably build through the course of the year.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Nigel, this is Rob. We do expect more of a pickup in the latter half of the year from the integration efforts. Basically, we have been cost-benefit neutral in the couple of… first quarter. We expect that trend to continue in the second quarter. But towards latter half of the year, we see a pickup, more benefits and lower cost structure. So by the end of the year, we probably will be up $0.01 or $0.02 out of the integration of effort at Markem.Imaje.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And the $0.05 plus uplift through full-your guidance, I mean is that coming primarily from a better topline outlook or is that coming through mainly at the margin?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, a little bit of both, Nigel. I think we continue to… if you think about Dover's traditional history, we’ve always been stronger in the second and third quarter. And I think there is certainly some topline dialed into that thinking. I think also we believe that some of these synergy actions will be additive in the second half of the year. As we've been saying, it will be back-end loaded, so it tends to probably be more second-half event than first half. So that's what buoys our confidence.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Two more quick questions, if I may. It looks like you bought LANTEC for about 1 times book, which is a great product. Is that indicative of the kind of multiples you are seeing for the smaller deals? And are you seeing similar trends with the larger targets?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I would not want to say that we have seen acquisition prices across the broad change in general. but I would say that each of these three acquisitions that we have announced year-to-date were all seller-led processes that we were in there early, we were working with those companies, they got to know Dover well. We won I think the hearts of those people and saw Dover as the right home for their companies very early. These were not processes that went through traditional auctions, and we bought those at nice prices. That's why we see them being accretive in the first year. And we are probably collectively at a multiple of earnings of perhaps below seven.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then finally, you made some pretty bullish remarks about Everett Charles orders. But [inaudible] that the book-to-bill ratio for Everett Charles is better than what we see coming through on the semi data?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: No. I wouldn't say it's significantly better. I mean you get spikes based on when they get particular orders in their semicon equipment just because of the size of that, but I would say we are kind of keeping pace. Again, they had a favorable book-to-bill semicon data, kind of goes up over this period of time. So we're encouraged, but I think I'd like to see a little bit more of April and May before you get too bullish there.
Nigel Coe - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Scott Davis with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Good morning, guys.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Scott.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Scott.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Nice start to the year. Share buyback certainly makes a big difference, also which is nice. I am not sure, I may have missed it because obliviously there is a lot of moving parts, but I'm not sure I heard you mention anything about Paladin and the impact there, I know it hurt you pretty good in '07. Is that off to a better start in '08?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Paladin is really a tale of two businesses. As we have said all along, heavy construction certainly has been challenged, light construction so far this year has not been overly strong, but the utility, demolition and recycling businesses have held up very, very well. In fact, I’d say, our demolition and recycling businesses is booking orders at a very nice rate. I think the integration actions as we said last year that we took to improve the performance of the company is starting to show benefits now to roll into 2008. We did a lot of spending to shut down plants, lay off people. I think the headcount of that company is probably down well over 200 people. There will probably be additional actions to right-size the company, but I would say in general we're just finally seeing the product mix relate little bit more to demo recycling area, and the integration activities have… starting to bear a little bit of fruits. So, we are buoyed by the fact that that I think we've got our hands around it now.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. On the acquisition activity, again I know Nigel asked about the deals that you did this quarter. But what... is there more activity, are there more things you are looking at? I know it has been a... since… [inaudible] Markem, there hasn’t been a lot interesting transactions at reasonable prices. Is this starting to get… is anything in your sights that may be a little bigger or more interesting and maybe some of the things you have done this quarter?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we are still in little bit of an unsettled climate, Scott, on acquisitions. I think there is still a situation where we’ve got a bit of an unsettled economy out there. We don't want to pay a high premium for any of those acquisitions that might be coming on-stream currently. I would say, we continued to be engaged in review processes, but we don't have a… what I would call a strong pipeline of potential acquisitions running into the second quarter. So I wouldn't anticipate any significant announcements into the second quarter. For the rest of the year, it's a little bit early to call what will happen. But I think that if you think about last year, we ended the first quarter at about $100 million in acquisition investment. We ended year around $275 million. I think this year we have announced a $100 million year-to-date that included two that happened after the quarter. Probably, you ought to think in terms of maybe 300, 400, it tops on our acquisition spend this year, but it's way too early for me to lay that out. But there is nothing big in the pipeline at the moment.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And last question, just trying to figure out exactly what's in the 16% EPS growth, the... was… I assume there was a positive impact from currency in there. If you can quantify that, it's helpful and then also pension.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Pension is probably modestly positive, but not a bit factor in the EPS side. The biggest single… probably $0.01 of that is that and then we did obviously have a favorable impact on the… in the overall EPS improvement from the share repurchase.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: But no impact from currency?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Our currency was probably positive to the extent of about 3 percentage points.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay, super. All right, thank guys.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from John Inch with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Well, thank you. Good morning. Frank D'Amelio - Chief Financial Officer Good morning, John.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. So, Ron, to get to the mid-single digit organic growth this year, again just on an overall basis do you see this cycling up sort of over the course of the year in terms of your organic growth results? I mean how do you want us to think the overall trend? You have got some easy comps I think in the second quarter.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think with our acquisition spending down and acquisition spending tailing off in the second half of last year, that will tend to flow more of our sales into organic. I think the offset to that might be Hill PHOENIX in the second quarter a little bit. But I do believe that at least our primary businesses, if you think about our Energy businesses, you think about Product Identification, you think about Fluid Solutions, those things continue to have I think growth potential ahead of them. They will be the items that will lead our organic growth over the remaining quarters. But I think we will see improvement in that throughout the course of the year.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: And Ron, just to kind of be clear about sort of your commentary vis-à-vis the booking trends and so forth, where these businesses… I mean did you see the overall businesses actually strengthen as the quarter progressed or is this a comps issues? I mean I am just curious if any businesses within Dover strengthened and if any weakened as the quarter progressed?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say that, yes, we feel that we did see strength as the quarter progressed, again from an order activity and also from just a performance view. I would have to say that period-to-period, we saw improvement that's typical as we go through the course of the year. We typically bill late in the first quarter, ahead in the second quarter with nice performance. And I think that’s going to be traditional again this year.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then the bookings and backlog, be up 6 and up 8, do you guys know what that was on an organic basis and how that would have compared… so x currency here, and how that would have compared to sort of the fourth quarter trends?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: We probably don’t have succinct breakdown on that, but I would say that just… it would probably parallel, kind of what we are saying the majority of it would probably be in organic companies. Again, the acquisitions wouldn't be adding a lot into the booking side of that because none of these companies were large in size.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Will it be fair though that currency is like what, 3 points or something of the 6 and the 8?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. And I would say that what we know right now in our mix of sales, I would anticipate significant change in that.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, that's consistent with our mid-single organic. I guess then last question, so United Technologies is buying [inaudible]. You didn't talk about… I know you didn't talk about Triton, but I mean how do think about that business? I know it’s small, Ron, but I mean is that a keeper or just this UTS acquisition all of a sudden somehow make it little bit more attractive in the context of where they are thinking the industry trends?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think at least, Scott, we feel comfortable we’ve got our hands around Triton. It was positive in the… during the quarter in terms of contribution. I think that probably the new management team down there has been able to finally get their hands around the business, get their rightsizing or downsizing cost is somewhat absorbed. So, from that standpoint, John, I think there is certainly no bleeding going on there. Well, it's a long-term keeper to Dover. I think we will continue to evaluate that and see what the market opportunities are for that business.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Stephen Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Good morning.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So the incremental margin was pretty good at around 20%. And I am just kind of looking at that in the context of your guidance, and I just want to try and reset that. I mean when you… after this quarter when you look at share count, that's getting you $0.22, $0.23 this year, and so to get to the low-end kind of 12% plus, you need probably about $0.15, $0.16, which… on that 20% incremental, which probably should get better in the back half, I would think if somebody's savings continue to ramp. That implies really an organic growth rate of around 3%. Is that the right way to look at it that the… you guys could miss that mid-single digit, which most people think about is around 5 and still hit the low end of your guidance? Could you still have 4x and maybe a little bit of acquisition benefit going for you as well, which I’m not really throwing in there?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think certainly a bit of unsettled economy out there, but directionally I think you're somewhat in line. I don't know that I would see organic growth stabilizing at 3 for rest of the year. But right now, we still would remain confident that we will see that in mid-single digits. But directionally, I think your thinking is correct.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right, and you are saying that it should be better than the 3%?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: With Energy and Product ID and somewhat of a tax stabilization. So if it looks likes that you guys will be able to hit this number, I mean your stock said, I don’t know, 12.5 times earnings, which is a dramatic discount to my group and even some of your more direct peers. You didn't talk a lot about acquisitions. Is this still a… priority number one is still buying back stock here?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Certainly, I think during the second quarter you're going to see that continue to be our focus, and I would say looking at the rest of the year we continue to feel our cash generation is going to be strong, the acquisition pipeline isn't overly buoyant at the moment. So, it's likely that that would continue. So, I think we have a very high-quality story to say for the remainder of 2008.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. And then one more question, just more specifically on the energy markets. Book-to-bill was pretty strong in your Energy business and it's becoming a increasingly sizeable part of your portfolio. Is there anything that… out there that your customers are telling you that makes them worry that… about the process for the energy market or do you really think this is kind of the start of a re-acceleration in that business for the next, 1 year or 1.5 year?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we're going to see the energy market continue to hold itself very steady. If you look at the gains that we’ve posted in Energy, sometimes I would have to say, I don't like to use the word surprise because that would be the wrong term, but I guess I’d have to say I am very pleased with the amount of gains we continue to show quarter-over-quarter in Energy when you consider we've been running at a good solid rate now for quite some time. So, I think it's pretty impressive to continue to build on what is a solid baseline business. We do see that continue to grow through the course of the year. We're adding significant capacity in those businesses to ramp up to meet the demands of the marketplace, and we continue to be very bullish about the long-term growth potential. They've got to always be unique discrete events that could cause the business to maybe alter its growth rate period-to-period, but long-term I think the Energy play is going to continue to be there with no significant signals that concern us. And again, I think we're going to bring in an expert to speak at this visit we're going to have in Utah with U.S Synthetics that will give a good overview of the world market, but I think will help people kind of see why we are so bullish on this market long-term.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. And that's across the board artificial lift, the bit inserts and your process industry pumping out stuff?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely, Steve. It’s across-the-board, all of those companies have improved their performance period-over-period and I think it's one that we would anticipate continuing through the course of the year. We just don't see anything yet that’s going to stop that.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Wendy Caplan with Wachovia. Please go ahead.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Thank you, good morning.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Wendy.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Wendy.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: We saw that you did some share repurchase this quarter and $300 million roughly remaining. Can you talk about the Board's appetite for additional reauthorization?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think certainly our Board looks at the economics of share repurchase versus acquisition as we do. We present them with those opportunities through the course of the year. They certainly have been supportive of share repurchase because they've been a nice investment for Dover to invest in itself. We believe in our future performance opportunities. We believe that the Dover stock will have greater value going forward. So, we have invested in ourselves, and I think we will continue to look at that as an opportunity.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director, Investor Relations: And Wendy, I'll tell you why, year-to-date we are about halfway done with that program.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Okay. Thank you, Paul. And finally, the new pump group, can you address kind of strategically where you think you're going with that group, maybe where you are focused in terms of the types of pumps that you're looking at, and market served applications, just to give us a feel for the growth in that space?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Wendy, what we have is we have a broad array of pump companies that are from air operated double diaphragm pumps to vane pumps to metering... diaphragm metering pumps to specialty [inaudible] semiconductor industry to Lobes, I mean there are just quite a wide variety of things that we have in our quiver in the pumps group. So I think we know as we put those together in a group, it gives us clout to go to get the best-in-class distribution probably throughout the world to handle these great brand names. And if you look at companies like Wilden that have had a very strong footprint in Europe and Asia, a very… a company that does know how to perform very well in any international climate, it allows us to take these brands, immediately put them in the distribution and gain sales just by exposing to international markets that maybe they weren’t able to do on their own. We then can take and leverage the internal manufacturing capabilities and the sourcing capabilities that we have and change the cost base of these companies, which I think is going to be impairing over time also. Again you're going to… the investors that come to the meeting in California Wilden are going to get a much deeper dive into our Fluid Solutions platform. I think it will show you and be much more self-obvious as to why we put these companies together and the opportunities we have going forward.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Thanks, Ron. But it would be fair to assume that it might be an area that you would like to grow through acquisition as well.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the pump market is a huge market globally and it is also a very... a market that has lots of players in it and lots of niches to play in. And I think as we look at it, we have some very high-quality, nice margin pump companies, good growth potential, and we see that as an area that we can lever up the skill set we have and build an even bigger platform than we have today.
Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Securities: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Alex Blanton with Ingalls & Snyder. Please go ahead.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Alex.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Alex.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Good morning. [inaudible] pick up my phone here. I just wanted to ask you what the... you have increased your guidance a couple of percentage points and I wanted to ask you what your economic assumptions are both for the US for the rest of this year and also for your important foreign markets?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we continue to be probably more cautious on our US market. Let's say, we have seen pullback or if we have a change in growth rate, it has been more domestic. However, I'd say some of our companies that are very internationally based, again let just take our Product Identification group as an example, now that we own Markem and been able to merge those companies together I think it gives us a much stronger interface in our domestic economy. So, I think as opportunities become available I think we will probably reap benefits and have share gains in that area. I think outside of the US, Alex, we see Europe as continuing to be a stable market with opportunities. We obviously have some strong players in those markets. Asia we see as a growing market continuing to be a positive market, and where we play outside of those three major areas we see positive opportunities, particularly in South America and some of the other parts of the world. So I would say, our overall views of... if things maintain themselves relatively as they are, there is not some dramatic shift in the global economy where our comfort level as to where we see the rest of the year is pretty decent.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Also, I think we have a pie chart in our offerings that we spend [ph], and there are materials that show the global distribution of Dover sales and it shows that the growth rate has increased in Europe and in Asia and somewhat of a decline in the United States. And I would say that that there is two things. One is the economy itself in each of those geographies, but the other I think is the international focus we are putting in our company. So I think you will us continue to somewhat grow in line with the pie chart you are looking at.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Right, but if we have a recession later on this year or if we are already in one that gets worse as we go through the year, have you taken that into account in your guidance, I mean specifically or explicitly or are you simply rolling up to individual forecast of the company?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, Alex. We certainly are reviewing those forecasts from our companies. We are looking at the economic signals from each of the geographies and we’re quite comfortable with the guidance we're giving.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question is from Terry Darling with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Just wanted to talk a little bit about raw material pressures. Ron, I wonder if you could remind us what raw materials as a percentage of cost of goods sold is?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly, as you look at raw materials, that is the lion’s share of our cost of goods, I don't have the roll-up number, [inaudible] hand to me, but quite candidly, we're seeing right now probably a scale of inflation in steel that kind of reminds me of 2005. We're seeing steel companies raise prices on more than one occasion through the course, at least from what we have experienced at some of our commodities this year. Plate steels, specialty bar and castings are certainly where we spend the majority of our dollars. In those particular cases, the plate steel is going relate so… first and foremost probably to companies like Paladin, companies like Heil Trader, Heil Environmental. I would say that especially bar relates to our sucker rod companies and our casting is just all over the map at our pump companies and lynch companies and so forth. Those are the people that I think right now are having to find sales of economy within their manufacturing base as well as move on pricing to stay ahead of the curve on steel. But… so that's really the thing that’s ramping itself, and I don't know, you have something to add to that, Paul?
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director, Investor Relations: Yes, Terry, for the quarter we calculate the raw material price increases probably impacted us a negative $5 million. So everything you are seeing as a totality absorb that. We would probably project that kind of a pattern over the balance of the year on a quarterly basis. It will fluctuate some. Asia has probably been more of a challenge that we anticipated. In a lot of these cases, however we are getting price increases and are trying to lock in prices as far as we can to mitigate the impact of raw material cost. But I would say for the quarter, it's been roughly a negative impact all-in of $5 million, which clearly we've absorbed in our margins. So the total impact has been not that significant and we continue to expect to be able to manage them on that for the basis for balance of the year.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Well, help me understand what I… what you just told us. Are you saying that the year-over-year increase in your raw materials is 5 or are you saying that on a net basis there was a negative 5 net of price on a year-over-year basis?
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director, Investor Relations: Net basis.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And given how one would assume that you recovered to a greater extent in 1Q than you would be in 4Q, why would you not build into your forecast a greater raw material headwind as we move through the year, particularly given the slowdown in U.S. and Europe end-markets that we're seeing?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Terry, I believe our companies are doing that, and in particular each of their forecasts are considering the headwinds of material price increases and overlaying that with whatever kind of productivity increases they can bring forward or the impact of their pricing action. So, I think it is very foremost in the minds of our company leaders. I'm probably hearing more about that in the phone calls I'm having with them, certainly in the latter part of the quarter that early in the quarter, and I'm very comfortable that each of our people have been a lot more focused on pricing and getting… trying to push out ahead of this curve as much as they can. I think that certainly Dover is not going to be unique and material price increase is going to impact everybody in the industrial marketplace. So I guess short answer to your question though is our companies are considering the impact of price increase as they forecast their numbers to us.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: So maybe the way to ask this is I guess you are depicting a negative $20 headwind for the year in the current guidance. What was that number in the prior guidance?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Probably about the same, not… it hasn't changed a whole lot, I would say. It's one of the things that’s managed locally. So for us to give you a precise calculation is not that easy. But I will tell you, based on the forecasts we've reviewed and the updates we get from the operating companies on a monthly basis, they're very cognizant of the need to maintaining pricing discipline. And to the extent they have raw material increases I think they have been very aggressive in working that process through their pricing models and frankly re-sourcing where they can to keep the pricing down on raw materials.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: There was really --?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Actually, there probably could be some impact… excuse me, some pickup of that in the second quarter. But I think there has also been pricing actions that has occurred in the late part of the first quarter that will kick in and cover some of that. So the net-net might be up slightly, but I don't think we're going to see significant change there.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: What's really changed then is your accelerating price and productivity efforts?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: There’s always the timing issue and I think it's a function of you get the price increase on your materials faster you’re pushed [ph] on the marketplace in many cases. You may estimate your material prices increase is going to be 3% to 5% over the course of the year and you put extra pricing on that. If those prices start become more in the 7% to 9% range, then you have to readdress your pricing I think and you find productivity improvements will absorb that. So, I think that's kind of where we’re at we are right now. I think people are looking at it and saying, did I do enough on pricing? Do I have more opportunity? And I would say right now, the majority of the price increases that came about probably will impact into the second quarter, maybe more in the first quarter just from a timing standpoint.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think just to add one final thought, many of our companies unlike… I would go back three or four years when steel kind of caught a lot of industry a little by surprise, I think our companies are very actively engaged in pricing studies of their business and their overall modeling to where I think they have been very effective in managing the whole raw material price increase balance with their product pricing. So, the answer to your earlier question is between productivity and pricing model… pricing factors that I think we are going are to stay on top of this.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Coming back to that organic growth discussion, I'm wondering if you can take us through, and I'm kind of looking at the chart on slide nine where… so the question is, with this acceleration of organic growth to mid-single digits, could you step us through the four main platforms and tell us where you see the acceleration occurring as we move through the year?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think if we walk each one of those I think we’d see a little bit of pickup in organic growth in Industrial Products. Again, there we’re finding some headwinds that… in… at Tulsa Winch and also at Paladin. I think we will see some of that moderate as we move forward. If the look at Engineered Systems, certainly almost all of their growth is related to organic, that will continue and that probably will pickup somewhat in the second quarter. In Fluid Management, we have some acquisitions that will come in that will tend to bring the acquisition number up just slightly. But the organic growth side, I believe still you have in our Fluids group as well as in the Energy will continue to be our probably leading area for organic growth. And I think Electronic Technologies will probably see more organic growth in the second quarter than they did in the first quarter. They won't have as much acquisition involvement. So I’d say, those are… that’s kind of the general feel of why we see organic growth going up overall. There is always some unique events in companies. Again we… I think we mentioned in our comments or in our letter that we have some companies that have what I would call lumpiness so to speak, meaning they have big projects and it is the timing of when they ship. Certainly, our can necking company didn't have as big a shipment period in the first quarter as they had a year ago. That created some negative headwind there. I don't think that will repeat at the same level. And the same situation at Electronic Technologies, Pole/Zero is a company we acquired a year ago, again we are very bullish on, we like the prospects of that company over time. Just from a timing standpoint, their first quarter wasn't as strong as it was a year ago. So I think we will see improvements there.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: It sounds as if the Industrial Products and Electronic Technologies will be the key drivers there?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Fluid management… the drivers, yes. I think Fluid management will hold at a strong rate.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Lastly, if I am doing the math right, the corporate expense guidance implies a shift down from around 30 to under 25. Can you help us with what's driving that?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we had some one-time first quarter contingency and reserve adjustments that we don't expect to repeat, and the professional fees that we had in first quarter were slightly higher than we're projecting for the balance of the year. So, we are confident that the expected reduction in corporate expense on a quarterly basis is balanced.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks very much, guys.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Terry, one other thing, raw materials as a percentage of COGS is 59%.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Perfect, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn the floor over to Ron Hoffman for any further or closing remarks.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I guess I’d just like to kind of summarize that we are very pleased with our first quarter results, certainly in light of what is a tough economic climate. I still think the economic climate that we are experiencing throughout the world is better than what we read in the media. But I am pleased with our results. I again reiterate, Energy should remain strong, Fluid Solutions is an area we are going to build well on, we are very pleased with our Product Identification group and the progress they are making in their marketplace, and those companies would represent about 50% of Dover's overall earnings. We feel very bullish on their ability to continue to repeat their strong performance. With that, thank you for being the part of our call today. Paul?
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director, Investor Relations: Yes. Thanks again for being part of our conference call. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. And for those of you listening who are going to be on our Investor trip, we look forward to seeing you in a couple of weeks. It should be a very good trip. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the first quarter 2008 Dover Corporation earnings conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director, IR Ronald L. Hoffman - President and CEO Robert G. Kuhbach - VP, Finance and CFO
Analysts: Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co John Inch - Merrill Lynch Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley Wendy Caplan - Wachovia Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Fourth Quarter and Full Fiscal Year 2007 Dover Corporation Earnings Call. With us today are Ron Hoffman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation, and Rob Kuhbach, Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Dover Corporation; and Paul Goldberg, Treasurer and Director of Investor Relations of Dover Corporation. After the speakers’ opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference call is being recorded and your participation implies consent to our recording of this call. If you do not agree with these terms, please disconnect at this time. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Paul Goldberg. Mr. Goldberg, please go ahead, sir.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Marqitta. Good morning and welcome to Dover's fourth quarter earnings call. With me today Ron Hoffman, Dover's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob Kuhbach, Dover's VP of Finance and CFO. Today's call will begin with some comments from Ron on Dover's operating and financial performance, both for the quarter and the full year. We will then open the call up to questions. In the interest of time, we kindly ask that you limit your questions to one with a follow-up. Please note that our current earnings release, investor supplement, and associated presentation can be found on our website, www.dovercorporation.com. This call will be available for playback through 5:00 PM February 13, and the audio portion of this call will be archived on our website for three months. The replay telephone number is 800-6421-1687. When accessing the playback, you will need to supply the following reservation code, 30323962. Before we get started, I would like to remind everyone that our comments today, which are intended to supplement your understanding of Dover, may contain certain forward-looking statements that are inherently subject to uncertainties. We caution everyone to be guided in their analysis of Dover Corporation by referring to Form 10-K for a list of factors that could cause our results to differ from those anticipated in any such forward-looking statement. Also, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements except as required by law. We would also direct your attention to our website where considerably more information can be found. With that, I would like to turn this call over to Ron.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining today's conference call. We are pleased to report that Dover 2007 revenue increased to $7.2 billion, up 14% and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $3.22 up 12% over the prior year. Before getting into additional financial information, let me start by commenting that 2007 was a year of significant progress at Dover as we implemented several strategic initiatives to enhance the success of our company longer term. First, we optimized Dover’s organization structure by aligning our operating companies into four defined industry segments, with six core business platforms. In addition to simplifying Dover’s strategic direction, this new structure provides sharper focus for Dover’s acquisition program, enhances the opportunities to capture synergistic savings and advances the development of Dover’s executive talent. Second, our strong free cash flow allowed us to reevaluate our capital allocation priorities, resulting in 8% increase in our annual shareholder dividend and announcement of two successive share repurchase programs, totaling approximately $1 billion. When completed, the share repurchases programs will reduce Dover’s outstanding share count by roughly 10%. In 2007 the company repurchased 12.4 million shares for $591 million and has added another million shares to that total in early 2008. Additionally Dover spent $274 million on strategic add-on acquisitions that offered synergistic products and expanded markets for existing platforms. Lastly, we launched the new initiative to capture significant synergies throughout the organization. We are highly encouraged with these actions which will include aggregated global sourcing, facility consolidations, and business integrations, will improve Dover’s operating earnings by 4% to 6% over the next two years. Turning to the financial results. Dover announced fourth quarter net earnings from continuing operations of $169 million or $0.86 per share, up 9% and 14% respectively over the prior year. Quarterly revenue was $1.86 billion, up 11% with operational earnings of $266 million, up 12% over the prior year. Operating margins for the quarter were 14.3%, up 20 basis points over the prior year. Double digit earnings improvement was posted in the Product Identification, Energy, and Fluid Solution platforms. Bookings were $1.78 billion during the quarter, up 10% over the prior year. All segments and platforms posted year-over-year gains and four of the six platforms posted sequential gains. Dover entered the year with a record backlog, up 13% over last year, with double digit gains at four to six platforms. For the full year, net earnings were $661 million or $3.26 EPS, up 19%, including income from discontinued operations of $7.8 million or $0.04 EPS. The reduction in share count accounted for $0.02 of the annual EPS gain. Double digit sales and earnings gains were posted by the industrial products, engineered systems, and fluid management segments. Operating margins for the year were down 70 basis points as improvements in the mobility equipment and energy platforms were offset with decline related to the integration of Markem and product identification, volume and mix issues related to the semicon companies and electronic technologies, and the rightsizing initiatives at Paladin in the Material Handling platform. Bookings for the year were $7.3 billion, up 14% over the prior year, with double digit increases at the industrial products, fluid management, and engineered systems segments. During 2007, Dover expanded its global footprint with an add-on acquisition in China and opened or expanded facilities in Mexico, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, India, China, and Malaysia. Dover generated strong free cash flow of $728 million, 10% of annual revenue, driven by the increased earnings and continued improvements in working capital. Fourth quarter free cash flow was very strong at $321 million, 17% of quarterly revenue. Dover exercised discipline in the high priced acquisition climate of 2007 and invested $274 million on value creating add-on acquisitions to broaden its existing platform. Pole/Zero and add-on to the Microwave Products Group is off to a very nice start and its focus on defense communication products helped to reduce the volatility of the electronic technology segment. Rotary Lift, a mobile equipment platform company acquired Hanmecson in China to expand its presence in this fast growing region as well as offering a value priced product for the domestic market. The recent Camco add-on to STA-CO in the material handling platform will broaden its automation product offerings and expand the served markets beyond its historic automotive focus. Wilden’s acquisition of Griswold Pump is making an immediate impact in the fluid solutions platform by adding a centrifugal ANSI pump offering to its global distribution network. Looking forward we believe the acquisition pipeline will favor wealth on its strategic buyers like Dover. And we are encouraged with the current strategic add-on projects under review. Dover’s 14% annual revenue growth, included 9.7% from acquisitions, organic growth of 2.3%, and 2.1% attributed to foreign exchange. The organic revenue growth rate was negatively impacted by the decline in the semicon markets served by the electronics technology segment. Organic growth for the core industrial companies was 5.2% inline with our 5% to 7% target. We anticipate organic growth for 2008 to be in the mid single digit range. Our business leaders’ forecast 2008 to be another year of growth for Dover. The majority of our companies entered the year with a positive outlook, solid backlogs, and exciting new products to serve their customers. We are encouraged by this optimism, but we are also keeping a keen eye on the unsettled economic climate and transits Dover’s global markets. Our segment leaders have reviewed contingency plans and are prepared to react quickly and decisively to keep our businesses properly aligned with the pace of their respective markets. Material cost trends are being anticipated with planned price increases, fixed price contracts on key materials, and consolidated global purchasing initiatives. Let me add some color to this outlook by segment and operating platform. Looking at the industrial products segment, the material handling platform recorded solid sales and earnings gains, with its broad engagement in light construction, demolition equipment, and utility equipment. Challenges in heavy construction equipment will continue and we don’t foresee any volume improvement, but we are anticipating performance enhancements from the integration initiatives that were implemented in 2007. Our Winch companies continue to grow with military contracts, new products, and oilfield demand. Warn Winch received the best new product award at the 2007 SEMA show for its new compact and portable PullzAll tool which provides lifting and pulling capabilities for a variety of tradesmen applications. The recent acquisition of Camco will provide positive growth in sales and earnings at our factory automation companies. The Mobile Equipment platform is bolstered by its transportation equipment companies. These are fuel tankers and aerospace companies that have long-term contracts in its backlog that account for nearly 50% of annual sales. Waste handling equipment should benefit from improved chassis deliveries that impacted 2007 performance. Vehicle service equipment though forecasting positive growth and entering the year with increased backlogs would be impacted early if the domestic economy slows. Turning to the engineered systems segment. The integration of Markem and Imaje will continue to produce positive results to fuel future growth within the product identification platform. Margins at Markem improved 700 basis points during 2007 and significant synergy initiatives between direct coating companies are being implemented. Over 50% of the platform revenue is tied to consumables used primarily in the fast moving consumer goods arena like food, beverage, cosmetics, pharmaceutical, and other consumer staple. In the Engineering Products platform, food display equipment continues to gain sales with new customers utilizing its market leading sustainability products and is poised to produce another year of growth despite the impact of reduced new store construction at Wal-Mart. In 2007, Hill Phoenix was a founding member of the U.S. EPA’s Green Chill Advanced Refrigeration Partnership, an initiative that advances environmental commitment of companies to go beyond regulatory requirements in protecting the ozone layer and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Brazed heat exchanger revenue which grew 48% in 2007 will continue to expand its global footprint and anticipates growth above global GDP rates. A new management team and product rationalizing decisions drove significant Q4 headcount reductions in the ATM business which will provide the improved results going forward. The fluid management segment is forecasting continued growth and positive leverage for the year. Within the energy platform, we expect a continuation of high energy prices coupled with strong global fuel consumption, natural gas transmission requirements, and new power generation projects to provide additional growth. Dover’s broad exposure to global oil and gas drilling, new offerings in well automation equipment, increased adoption of specialty quartz sensors, and optimization of gas transmission equipment provides a broad base of engagement in this important sector of the economy. Our pump and dispensing companies in a fluid solutions platform have a very global footprint with strong recurring revenues. Capital budgets and MRO spending of chemical, pharmaceutical, and waste water processing drive their growth opportunities. Clean air regulations and state driven initiatives continue to provide long-term growth opportunities for service station equipment. In general, the fluid solution companies are low volatility companies with sustainable margins. At Electronic Technologies, equipment sales related to testing and fabrication of semiconductor and PC boards was down 11% in 2007 relative to a very strong 2006. Consumer electronic spending and the telecom market are barometers for our semicon equipment activity. Even though, we anticipate some improvement over the year, headcount reductions are currently being initiated to optimize quarterly results and align the businesses with current market trends. The hearing aid market is forecasting mid single digit growth, and historically, has shown low volatility relative to the general economy, driven by the increased demands of an aging population and the technical advancements that improve the adaptability of hearing aids. We continue to believe that the hearing aid market will exhibit an above average growth rates for many years. In 2007, MEMS microphone unit sales grew with a broader mix of customers, offsetting the market share declines of a major customer. We anticipate additional cell phone growth in 2008 based on consumer demand trends for enhanced audio and video features. New product opportunities with audio headsets and microphones for PC manufacturers will provide growth. Typically, this market has a slower first quarter and builds volumes over the later quarters. New product applications targeted to military, space, medical, and specialty sensors will continue to broaden the customer base of our specialty electronic component companies. Lastly, it’s very important to acknowledge and say thank you to the highly talented and creative employees that produced Dover’s record results in 2007. Their sincere dedication improving Dover’s performance and adapting to change give me great confidence and their ability to meet to meet the unique challenges of 2008. We strongly believe in the positive direction Dover is headed and are confident our new structure, capital application model, and synergy and initiatives lay a solid framework for future growth. We anticipate increased opportunities to expand our platforms to value creating add-on acquisitions. The broad diversity of Dover’s operating companies and their global engagement will serve our shareholders well over the coming year. We foresee a quarterly distribution pattern of Dover’s revenue and earnings, similar to 2007 and anticipate a 10% plus increase in earnings per share for 2008. Overall, Dover looks forward to continuing its track record of generating significant cash flow, building value with its strategic initiatives, and delivering another year of record growth for our shareholders. With that, I will turn it back to Paul Goldberg.
Paul E. Goldberg - Treasurer and Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, Ron. And once again, I would like to remind everybody if you can please limit your questions to one with a follow-up. We will be able to take everybody in the queue. With that, I would like to turn it over to Marqitta to queue the questions. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Alex Blanton of Ingalls & Snyder.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Alex.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Good morning. Thank you. In looking at 2008, what are the… what are your largest concerns and related to that is the fact that you said organic growth mid single digits, but what do you think will be added by acquisitions in 2008?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me take your question in the reverse order. As far as acquisition in 2008, certainly, the things will be added those acquisitions that we did that are referenced in my words, which will have some impact to ‘08’s growth. I think as far as the acquisitions, going forward for the year, Alex, we will just have to kind of see what comes to the pipeline. We are encouraged that strategic buyers like Dover will probably fare better in ’08. We certainly see some of the high options starting to take a turn. We will see how that develops over the course of the year. But we are going to be focusing predominantly on strategic add-ons to the platforms that we have announced. So, I think the acquisitions will be kind of self explanatory as we do. I think you will see that they will be adding diversity or products or impact into our global footprint in the existing platforms on a go forward basis. So, I hopefully that helps you in that regard.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: I guess I was--?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: We talk about… as we talk about 2008, you asked what my largest concerns were. At this point in time, I am really very optimistic from the standpoint of the significant backlogs that we have and the plans that we have reviewed from our companies. Now certainly if we listen to what we hear on the TV and what we read, it’s a lot more ominous than what our backlogs tend to tell us. So, we are keeping a wary eye on that to see if there is going to be trickle down further into the economy to impact our companies. But right now we certainly aren’t seeing devastation in our order rates that would mimic what we hear.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: On the acquisition point you made, I was really thinking of the earnings added by the acquisitions that that would be those mainly that you made in 2007. You had some integration cost that are going to go away. So, there is going to be some earnings added by those acquisitions above and beyond the organic growth. So, I am trying to get a sense of that.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that number… we are kind of pulling that together here as we talk. It’s not going to be a large number, because the acquisitions were small in nature that we did in 2007. We will have a little bit of acquisition related expense on the Camco acquisition, that was done late in the year, but that will not be large rolling into ’08. So, I… we are probably talking about a number that’s… I don’t know. Rob, you have that…
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Alex, I would say that given its size and what Ron described is the factors, I would say the earnings impact in a percentage of terms would be in the 2% to 3% range.
Alexander Blanton - Ingalls & Snyder: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy of RW Baird.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Bob.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co: Good morning, guys. I am sort of struck by… the first thing that strikes me about your outlook is the acceleration organic growth that you got included in it from… what I guess, what you would call low single digits this year to mid single digits in ’08. Could you talk about what’s specific piece of the business you see accelerating?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, I would like to say that again as we look at our industrial core businesses, we believe that our organic growth was in that mid single digit target of 5% to 7% as we said… I think we said 5.2% is the number for industrial core. So, we are really talking about those companies maintain their organic growth rates. And I think we are going to have comps in electronics, it will be less impacting in ’08 than they were in ’07. Certainly, as we look forward to that as I mentioned on the call, we think Heil Environmental that was impacted by deliveries of chassises last year is going to have a much better year in our material… excuse me… in our mobile equipment sector. We think that the fuel trader business that grew quite solidly in ’07 continues to show growth and has some nice military contracts to support that going forward. We believe Sargent is going to perform better in the aerospace group from the standpoint of the backlogs that they have queued up, and just a strong level of orders and activity going on there. I think we are also still optimistic about our global footprint engagement with our Product Identification companies. And then energy is certainly one that continues to show growth and our there is very broad whether it would be drilling activity, whether it would be maintenance of existing wells or optimization of existing wells. So, those are the things that tend to give us comfort level that we will continue to display organic growth. Rob, did you have anything?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think, Bob, the other thing to keep in mind is last year the electronic technologies area… segment was negative.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co: Right.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Meaningfully negative. So, it would take relatively little, I have to say, modest improvement in that area. That will show us a significant impact on the organic number. So, it’s little bit of the math.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co: Sure. And just to be… to make sure I understood you tour Ron. My takeaway is that you expect sort of comparable organic growth rates from all three of the non-tech segments, perhaps somewhat slower in tech, but improved from ’07.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, but I wouldn’t totally discount tech either. I think it’s certainly going to depend on what happens in the consumer goods market that will drive that area. But I would also say that we can be very buoyed by Hearing Aid Company as well as the activity with the MEMS microphone. The cell phone market is continuing to forecast to grow in ’08. I think there’s some figures out; but some of the companies that marketplace, that are forecasting as much as 9% growth for next year.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. And for a… for a follow-up, if I could. Regarding the energy business, roughly what is the geographic split there now between U.S. and Canada and the rest of the world?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, certainly, we are more domestic U.S. based than anywhere else. Canada would be the second largest region. From there, South America, certainly Venezuela… countries in that region are important. We are seeing more and more activity even into Russia, and developments into China. I think we are going to have to expand our footprint of locations at some point in time, to slow… to serve the global world even better. We will evaluate that when it is appropriate but very broad engagement across the board. You have to kind of keep in mind that if you think about the bigger companies in there, it’s going to be the companies that are manufacturing sucker rods and manufacturing the inserts for the drill heads and such. And those are… those companies continue to be a little bit more domestic related. However the inserts that we manufactured could be used for any type of well application wherever they might be. Today I would say, the U.S. could be… the U.S. numbers are probably as high as 70%.
Robert McCarthy - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. Thank you, Ron.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Inch of Merrill Lynch.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, John.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Good morning Ron. Hey, I was just to kind of go back to the guidance of the mid single digit. I mean, Rob suggested that the delta is going to be electronic technologies. Now, help me understand, why, why do you feel optimistic that that business can actually begin to grow? I mean, I guess Everett Charles was down, what double digits this year. I mean, why couldn’t it be down if you are sent into a recession, a comparable amount in 2008?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that you might have misinterpreted Rob’s comments just slightly. He didn’t say that was going to be the leading driver, but he just said it’s going to have less headwind.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: The way I put it John, is that if you assume, it doesn’t even, doesn’t assume it is flat year-over-year. That itself will show a positive impact on the organic number.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And are you expecting it to be flat or you think it could still go down?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Expecting it to be flat, but to some degree when you are trying to figure out what the organic rate is given… given the number of businesses we try to analyze. I would say that we expect improvement at Everett Charles or modest improvement, I guess is the way I would characterize it. But that alone will cause a fairly significant impact on the organic growth rate calculation because last year they were significantly negative. They were, they were high single digit negative, so as a practical matter, I think even if they don’t show some improvement. So, we are going to see a pick up on our overall organic growth rate.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: John, I also hate to be redundant because we have said this in past years also, but we are kind of in that time of the year when the electronics activity level is, is a little bit less clear. I mean, you come out of the year where you supplied components for let’s say your inventory bills, summer season for manufactures. You go into that kind of period of time where you have Chinese New Year impacting China. You kind of have to wait and get the signals back from the customers to really see the true activity level of electronics. What we are saying is that we were buoyed by the forecast that we have. We are going to get much more clarity on that, probably by late February into March as to whether our activity levels picks up to what our forecast levels anticipate.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Ron, you also, I think on your comments talked about in again still with electronics, a semi-comp $0.10 reductions. If we see that, I mean as you kind of look into 2008 has your staffing as it adds sort of what you would call a right size level and what did that actually that cost you, or is there still some cost to come in terms of some headcount reductions?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, some of those headcount reductions, again this is a Company with a very international footprint, and this is a group of companies, I should say, with a very international footprint. As a result as you make cuts, certainly in Europe those are going to be expensive cuts and there will be some… sort of will impact the first quarter in that regard. We are still accumulating those numbers in magnitudes. I think what we are saying John is that… that we are going to leverage in ’08 and we are not going to sit back and kind of wait on the signals before we act. We are acting earlier. We typically see this a bit of a slow down period. I think we are reading the signals of Semicon versus Test Equipment versus other component opportunities in electronics market, and just adjusting so that we don’t, don’t have too much false optimism. We can always bow back up if we have overstepped, but I think it is important that we get our capacity inline with what we see as today’s demand.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: But you are going to eat these charges right? You are not going to call those out separately. Those will part of the ongoing Ops reported result.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: That will be part of the ongoing Ops report. That is correct.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, one more if I could. Ron, as you look to the fact that, prices for prospective acquisitions in 2008 have obviously since come down. Should we be looking forward to 2008, to be a year of acceleration, of the $270 you spent in M&A in 2007 and I'm thinking, possibly opportunities to add to Paladin maybe even get into some other areas that look pretty cheap on a multiple basis, whether it be… I don’t know? I guess, automotive or something like that just to add to some of the portfolio. How would you like us to think about, the way you're thinking about M&A in 2008?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Sean, I'm not certain automotive would hit our focus area but I think, what we will do is, certainly, we believe that the platforms that we have now and the focus as we have give us the opportunities to leverage our acquisitions, maybe more effectively than what we've done historically. I think, we like some of the opportunities that might flow into our Fluid Management Group over the course of the year whether they’d be energy related, whether they’d be pump related. I think, we continue to like the product ID space very much. I think, the Markem acquisition last year has been very value accreting for Dover to make the significant strides in operating margins we made at Markem. We certainly… I think, the accolades go to the Markem team. But I think, also the fact that we're able to find significant… in that group will help it over and we will also look for opportunities there. So, those are the ones we’ll tend to target in on. I think, right now we're engaged in a number of processes that we’ll see whether they go to term, but they’re encouraging and they’ll be very synergistic add-ons in the markets we like. During the course of the year, if indeed properties stay on the market and if the expectations of sellers are reasonable to what we believe values are, then I think, we’ll step our acquisitions spinning up in ’08.
John Inch - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Darling of Goldman Sachs.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Terry.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning, gentlemen. First question, just, I was looking for an update, if anything has changed with respect to your thinking on magnitude and timing of cost savings efforts here relative to where we were at your analyst meeting?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don’t know that I could say that anything has changed in terms of timing. I think, we're doing a very rigorous task right now in each of our segments. Our segment leaders are meeting with their companies to really find out and hone the opportunities that we have so that we can get those properly prioritized and make those realities. There will be some costs associated with that that upfront as we do some facility consolidation, we will see how that plays out over the course of time. But I would say that once you get those formulated, once you get them implemented, once you get to the true savings of those, it will probably more towards the back part of the year than the front part of the year. But we are encouraged in the 4% to 6% commitment we made at Dover Day is one that we are reiterating today.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: It’s no change there.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: And then Ron, I wanted if you can… should think longer term with me about your strategy in Asia. I guess if I look at the geographic revenue mix pie chart, you had in the slide package, with your growth for Dover overall 14% including acquisitions and a growth of only 5.3% in Asia and presumably that relates to Asia having a lot more exposure in the electronics area which you got some cyclical effect just in ’07. As you think about your competitive positioning versus other diversified industrial’s longer term, I think probably most would agree that, you would be able to grow more rapidly in Asia is going to be a key competitive differentiator. I am wondering if you can talk to us about how your thing about attacking that market more holistically crossed Dover going forward.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we have established more footprints than Dover crossed each of our segments. And I think those footprints were small in nature, but they were such to engage us in their arena. Certainly, we did an acquisition in China this year in our Mobile Equipment Group to engage ourselves not only in on that continent, but also to supply back to the domestic economy. We just put a footprint down for our heat exchanger business that we think will grow over time, because we think that technology will be well utilized in the growth of China. Our Pump Group has set down footprints over there that I think will allow us to grow. I think the lower growth rate, I think you categorized it properly, was impacted by the pullback in the electronics over last year. If that picks backup, that will certainly help us. We probably got 4,300 employees in China right now. So, we have a significant structure there, and we continue to make investments there. But we have also channeled many of our companies that were looking at China to supply the domestic economy and kind of move some of those companies more to Mexico, because it was closer to our domestic economy, helped our ability to control our inventory and really ended up being a better cost picture for us, but Asia still important. We need to find a way to continue to engage more there. We are encouraged by the companies have gone there. It takes a few years to get yourself established, to get yourself… to have the right distribution channels to reach out to the customers. And also I think a fighting that we had is, we have typically gone to new locales, new geographies as individual entities. I think when you go to China, it is more important that Dover show a presence there and Dover has a much more supportive structure in that. And I think we will be doing that over the course of ’08.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: I guess Ron, if we narrow that question in on just China specifically, maybe it would be helpful to me. If you could give a sense of which of your major platforms do you feel that has got the most opportunity longer term and which one has got the most work to do to achieve whatever opportunity you think exists for it. Trying to get a sense for the relative… your positioning of your major platforms versus where you want to be and obviously the opportunity in that context be the key driver?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well. Electronics is already very well positioned on that continent. So, I think, other than the relocating facilities made in different locales in the continent, I think we have a nice footprint there. I think, if we look at the product identification again, it has a nice footprint that started there, I think, they have the ability to really expand and serve that continent on a stronger basis, going forward. I think, they will do that; sort of there are opportunities for our pump group to expand its platform in China and serve those needs. Energy is one that we think there’s opportunities in China that we probably have not taken full advantage of. We have had teams over there to evaluate that and we are hopeful that we’ll see maybe some footprint in that arena because we think energy in Asia and Russia are growth opportunities for us.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Yes. That’s up and lastly, you mentioned potential divestitures in the context here at all. Is there anything we should be thinking about there?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think that there is not any large ones out there looming on the horizon right now that other than ones that we discontinued and commented on previously, I again think that some of the churn we have done over the last couple of years in our portfolio or that work is pretty much behind us now. I think, if there is any further pruning it will probably be lesser in scope than what we have done for the last two years. I think we are very comfortable with the platforms we have now and we just want to build on those.
Terry Darling - Goldman Sachs: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa of JP Morgan.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Steve.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: Hi. Good morning. I'm not named after hometown, it’s Tusa, but that’s okay.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: It’s nice to hear the name anyhow.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: So, I just wanted to walk through a couple of numbers here and just correct me if I am wrong but share count you said adds about $0.15 to $0.20 to the ’08 outlook?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I would say Steve, if you look at ’08 standalone it’s more like $0.07 to $0.09, if you look at it accumulatively over a two-year period it’s more like $0.11 to $0.13.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay. And…
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Depending on timing of how quickly we were… some of this will depend on how quickly we end up completing the repurchase, but I would say that includes imputed interest.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: Right. That includes the imputed interest rate. Okay. And some of cost savings you are going to hit this year, so that’s roughly $0.10.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I would say, the cost right now we would anticipate on a cost basis, like $0.03 to $0.04
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: But I mean that’s a moving… we are going to give you some updates on that because as you can imagine, most of the synergies are going to ultimately pay off as you do the… add the cost. So, this type of front loaded phenomenon as Ron alluded to earlier and some of these things like North AOT [ph], there are a number of specific projects we have a pretty good handle on those, some other things that are frankly, still work in process, that companies are really embracing the process much more rapidly than we probably anticipated. But I would say right now we would think of ourselves as having $0.03 to $0.04 on a full year basis. That number could move up some over time.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay. And then the acquisitions, is there… sorry you said 2% to 3% growth. What was that, on revenues or was that on EPS?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I am not sure I…
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: You said acquisitions will contribute to the 3% of growth, kind of a leftover impact of acquisitions from previous years?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Right. It’s revenue not EPS. Revenue.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: The… okay so that’s like $0.05 or so.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: No. A little bit less.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: Okay. I guess what I am trying to get to you here is… just a build up from your base, I mean it would seem to me with all these non fundamental items, building it up, you kind of get close to that 10% and then whatever kind of core growth falls through, and if you are assuming to mid single digit, right that’s about $0.20 on the bottom line of incremental. Is that kind of… how we should be thinking that to hit the 10% you don’t necessarily need to do your 5% core growth, so that 10% plus is really is a kind of a base case?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I would say 10% is a fairly conservative estimate to see.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: Right.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I mean I think the variability gets into… we do have an expected improvement in margins, which we talked about and to some degree when that occurs, that will probably be mid year or more, second and third quarter impact, so this is not as you will know… this is not an exact science, but I think we think that the 10% plus improvement is a fairly conservative estimate based on the assumptions that we have laid out in the slides and that Ron’s talked about.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would also Steve say that I strongly feel that we should leverage better in ’08. I think our portfolio of companies are probably or even better performers in what we exhibit are the specially charged or write-offs you hear from time-to-time. I want to continue to believe that we have got our hands around those much better than we would anticipate less activity like that in ’08, but we will see what the year unfolds.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: Right. And then so that’s a kind of a conservative number and I don’t want you to comment on your stock price here. But you are currently trading at just below 11 times earnings last time that Dover ever traded there was back in the early nineties right before that recession. So, there is obviously a view out there that your earnings are higher than where they actually are going to end up. How long did it really have to stay at these levels for you to take some sort of action, because even back then when people thought that the world was coming to an end, the stock had a pretty… actually a pretty incredible performance over the next year and a half, up 40% so there was value to be unlocked, even at that time. So, I’m just curious whether… it looks like a better portfolio that should be a little more recession resistant. How long before you think about something a little bit more than maybe just the standard $500 million buyback you guys have announced.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think we’re comfortable with that number Steve and we don’t want to commit … over commit in that arena and miss the opportunity to grow. It’s a nice value creating acquisitions over time. I think you always have to balance what’s the right use of your capital. I think you also touched on why do we feel better that Dover is a better Company going forward than it was say in the past recession or past down turn. And quite candidly I think there’s a lot of change. I think that Dover, the people own today is a different, more focused Dover. I think we’ve reduced the exposure into the volatile Semicon market from where it was arguably over 25%, a few years ago, it’s down below 10%. Our… excuse me… recurring revenues are now approximately 25% of our total revenue. We strategically reduced our capital goods exposure so we would sell more through a larger portion of the business cycle than we did in the past. And also product identification of energy which are both nice high growth, high margin groups, now make up over 25% of Dover. So, I’d say that the Dover story is one of not only growth but a much stronger portfolio. The metrics that we’ve kicked in have certainly made this a better Company. I think there is a real value opportunity to own Dover.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: Right. So, if we get the 5% that’s great and if you don’t, you are prepared.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Absolutely.
Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Davis of Morgan Stanley.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Scott.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Good morning guys. I’m encouraged by the level of share count reduction, so congrats there. I wanted to follow up on Steve’s question a little bit because I think he’s touching on an interesting point. But you do have some tailwinds to offset some of these macro headwinds. One thing that wasn’t mentioned on the call was currency or pension. Was there a change, is there a tailwind from pension at all. And certainly, I want to also talk about currency and if you’ve have hedges or not hedged. And what kind of an impact currency had on you in the fourth quarter. So, I might have a view of what it might do in 2008.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, I’ll see if Rob can help you with those.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: I would say that it’s gone under pension that, frankly we don’t expect anything, the impact earnings at all this year. If anything we’re probably going to show some modest pick up. On the currency front, we probably… we probably had a higher positive impact from FX in the third quarter… in the fourth quarter than we did prior three quarters, modestly more of a positive impact and I think that reflected to continue deterioration of the dollar, which has benefited us all year but frankly more in the fourth quarter than the prior three quarters. So, we anticipate, I mean if anybody can tell where a currency is going to go… we’re assuming neutrality, but if the currency rates continue in the direction they have in the last year, we’ll probably continue to see another pick up in ’08.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: And the 2.3%, or let’s say 2.8% organic growth, Q4 number you posted, how much of that was currency?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: That’s… it’s not in there. Currency is a separate item.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay, I’m just trying to sift this out. Yes, okay I got you. All right, moving on to the next question, I think one of the big key variables clearly in our models are going to be what electronic technologies can turn the corner and the timing of that. I mean you talk about bookings and backlog up 14% to 13%. Can you talk more specifically about electronic technologies and maybe a book to bill or some way that you might think about that business since organic in Q4 is down 4% for the full year down seven and we’re moving in the right direction? When do we hit a cross over point where you’re book to bill exceeds one?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Well it has exceeded one at times during the year. I think the fourth quarter as we said always tends to slow as you head into the start of the next year. And I think you kind of need to think about the electronics technology group kind of in two buckets, so to speak and one is those companies that relate to Semicon that are more dependent, let’s say on consumer electronics on things of that type that are related to the consumers fitting patterns. I think the other part of electronics you need to think of is really the hearing aid components, the microphone support for cell phones as well as the various electronic components and there we’ve added a military play which typically has long contracts. It’s a whole different business cycle than say the Semicon related items. So, I think we’ve strengthened that portfolio. I’d say the most volatile side continues to be the Semicon related side. Again the thing that I really like this change in that group is their ability to hold their margins even in down periods. Certainly there is some volatility that relates to the size impact of the group period to period but we are not losing money in that group any more. It’s maintaining nice double digit margins. It’s remaining nice engagement in its marketplace. It’s also increased its recurring revenues. So, I like the fact that it’s not… the downside is more limited than it’s ever been. And I think the potential for let’s say growth within a lower band of volatility in the other electronic areas is certainly a reality.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I think I get it. So, maybe we could talk offline. Last question, just on tax rate. You had a nice improvement in your tax rate this quarter. Are you still guiding to 2008 tax rate being higher, I think you said 27 to 29, somewhere in that range.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I said 20, I think we said 26 to 28.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: 26 to 28?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: I think Scott, the challenge, without getting unduly complicated with GAAP accounting for tax is you are required by GAAP to restart your year at the… what I call effectively the statutory rate and you are not allowed to take into account, what you might otherwise expect to be positive adjustments, that you in our case typically will only see in the third and fourth quarter. So, we give you our guidance which if you look at our history is probably pretty directionally spot on. But you will not see those… necessarily those exact rates in the first two and three quarters of the year. They will be different, and they will probably be somewhat higher, and they will come down over the year just as they have in the last two years.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I think Rob certainly has more color on taxes then what I can begin to offer. But I think if you look at low risk performance over an extended period of time, it’s really been in a pretty narrow band. And the difference has just been kind of our taxation, country to country, then also whatever happens in the tax laws.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And last… sorry to go on here but, if Congress does in fact pass this depreciation, it is already depreciation tax credit. Can you give us a little color, I mean I know we went through this in 2002. Did it help you out much in 2002? Is there a tangible kind of difference that you see in customers’ activity when you have this type of a tax breakthrough run out there or does it not impact you guys as much?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I don’t know that we can quantify it for you Scott, but if anything like that certainly always has a positive bias to the market, and as I think it causes customers to do look at actual advantages in their business to axe, so I would say a positive bias but I am sorry, I am not going to be able to quantify it for you. It is going to be small though.
Scott Davis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Understood. Thank you guys.
Operator: We have time for one last question. Our final question comes from Wendy Caplan from Wachovia.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Wendy.
Wendy Caplan – Wachovia Capital Markets: Good morning. Given that free cash flow is so important to Dover, can you… I am looking at the working capital numbers, inventory specifically which have moved down through the years despite some acquisitions. Can you, I guess Rob speak to whether there are areas of greater opportunity on the inventory side as we head into ’08, or is it simply a question of acquisitions and if you have calculated, the turn number without acquisitions, that would be helpful as well?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I will let Rob answer the question more specifically but I would say some of the acquisitions that we did such as Paladin, even Markem to the degree. We acquired companies that have a… let’s say a low inventory turn that we have to work to improve so that does impact our year-to-year number, just off what we acquire typically and certainly I was guilty of this is as I own Tulsa Winch. Manager’s running company out of the cash of their pocket, out of their generation sometimes don’t focus on their inventory the same way that we are certainly focusing on it today. We give the inventory turns as a barometer of the health of a company and its engagement in its markets. So, that is why we put great emphasis on it, so we believe that there are considerable opportunities, continue to improve at Dover’s inventory turn, and our companies are very committed to that. Rob, I will let you add from there.
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I guess. I guess Wendy, your question is, do we continue to see opportunity, broadly for us, Dover. The answer is obviously yes, that we are still at 6.5 turns and we do expect to get the 8 in time. Typically that takes probably a year to two in many cases for companies, typically the acquisitions to get there and there are some companies that have some structural challenges, but I would say on balance we will continue to see improvement in working capital. We are not obviously done yet on metrics, but we are very committed and I think the operating companies over the last… really two years since this program was launched have shown a lot of energy and put a lot of emphasis on it.
Wendy Caplan – Wachovia Capital Markets: Thank you and have you calculated that number, the turn number excluding the recent acquisitions or…?
Robert G. Kuhbach - Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer: We can get you that number Wendy.
Wendy Caplan – Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. That would be helpful and just one more cash question as a follow on. Can you review Ron, your and the Board’s thoughts on cash deployment and priorities as we head into ’08?
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we certainly showed flexibility in our strategic capital allocation in ’07. In ’05, ’06 we had great acquisition opportunities and we deployed our dollars there. I think certainly we have a long record of increasing our dividends year over year, I can’t speak for the board but certainly that’s a long-term record, it’s likely to be sustained. I think as we look at them and our allocation of capital between share buybacks, CapEx and acquisitions, certainly our capital equipment requirements declined in ’07. I would anticipate maybe being on par or slightly down as we look at ’08, that means that then the dollars will be allocated between share buybacks and acquisitions. We kind of already committed to a share buyback program that if it’s the right economic use of those dollars. We will continue to stay deployed in that program. If we have some acquisition opportunities that significantly outweigh those opportunities then we will take advantage of those. So, it’s kind of hard to call the exact number Wendy, other than I think, Dover’s posture on capital allocation is much more value oriented and much more looking at where we create the most value relative to the risk involved in the spending of those dollars. So, I guess I would like to say if you have to make a judgment call there, judge us on the flexibility we showed this year.
Wendy Caplan – Wachovia Capital Markets: Thanks very much, Ron.
Ronald L. Hoffman - President and Chief Executive Officer: I’d like to thank everyone for joining our call today. I’d like to comment, the 2000 year, was a very positive year of progress in Dover. We had record EPS performance. We continued to build on a nice track record of growth year-over-year for a number of years now that we’ve sustained that. We’re generating strong cash flow. We’ve exhibited nice capital allocation discipline. And we’re excited about the opportunities of 2008, and look forward to chatting with you over the course of the year about our progress in that area. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may now disconnect.
